At that moment a lane was opened in the ranks of the men, and through this came Miss Bishop followed by her octoroon woman.	Miss Bishop walked through a group of men.	0
Chavez's case mirrors the findings of the survey by Colorado Legal Services, which reports that migrant workers at farms statewide are regularly exposed to hazardous pesticides in violation of federal laws.	Chavez's case agrees with the Colorado Legal Services.	0
The 60-year rule of Ramses II (1279-1212 b.c. ) was a great finale to the New Kingdom era.	Ramses II was leader for decades.	0
yeah and anytime you try to walk down the uh the ushers would always tell you to go back	The ushers won't let you pass.	0
The edifice links two identical churches, the Franzesischer Dom (or French Cathedral) to the north, built for the immigrant Huguenots, and the Deutscher Dom (German Cathedral) to the south.	Two churches are the same.	0
you know especially making the seams and things like that you know it's it's got such a professional finish on them	The seams are done in a very skillful way.	0
Haznawi (Flight 93) and Wail al Shehri (Flight 11) arrived in Miami from London on June 8, 2001 using the same route as the previous three.	Both flights landed in Miami on June 8, 2001.	0
They were positioned around the mezzanine lobby level of the North Tower, directing civilians leaving stairwells A and C to evacuate down an escalator to the concourse.	They directed civilians at the mezzanine level to take an escalator to the concourse.	0
You'll be able to play alongside the  high rollers  at the roulette or craps tables or put a few coins in the slot machines.	You can gamble.	0
Standing now at the rail, with Lord Julian beside him, Captain Blood explained himself.	Captain Blood stood with Lord Julian next to him.	0
huh-uh uh not downhill we do have cross country skies and	We own cross country skies.	0
The Move to San Diego By February 4, Hazmi and Mihdhar had come to San Diego from Los Angeles, possibly driven by Mohdar Abdullah.	Hazmi and Mihdhar traveled in southern California.	0
For one thing, a cliche can be defined as an imaginative expression which through repetition has lost its imaginativeness.	Cliches are a certain type of expression.	0
..one you would be proud to be part of and support?	One you would be a supporting member of?	0
BLM included the fully successful performance standards	BLM put some information in there.	0
Just because nurture has a more significant effect on athletic performance doesn't mean that nature lies dormant, though.	Athletic performance is more affected by training than genetics.	0
That Swede church  isn't quite the same as  That Swedish church.	One Swede church isn't the same as that Swedish church.	0
And the fact is she was light!	She did not weigh much at all.	0
He realized that he might have to retreat in a hurry.	He realized that he had to make a quick move.	0
If ever I write an autobiography it will be in dictionary  names of places and people defined in terms of private significance.	Allusions to places and people can be used to convey ideas privately.	0
And they moved to Mallard Creek in Charlotte.	They then lived in Mallard Creek.	0
We rely on you and other generous friends to provide the remaining 38 percent.	62 percent has already been covered, and we hope you will provide the rest.	0
The Teacher of the Year program is sponsored by Scholastic Inc., best known among impressionable school children for distributing cool magazines whose exclusive advertiser is the U.S.	Scholastic is a well known company.	0
During the Sixth Crusade (1228- 1229), the Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II managed to secure Jerusalem for the Christians by negotiation.	The emperor got Jerusalem in a trade.	0
Prior to the postbellum constitutional amendments, there were a limited number of clauses that made the states accountable for wrongs committed against their own citizens.	There were some amendments to the constitution after the war.	0
Even the location of the building is a technological marvel.	The building's location is really interesting.	0
As Welsh's book has a list under PRONUNCIATION, I looked there, to no avail.	The list of pronunciation didn't help me at all.	0
Through her and through you.	Through the both of them.	0
(It has been said, not altogether jokingly, that if the Japanese were required to pay a license fee for every English word they used, their trade surplus would vanish.)	The Japanese are known for using too many words when writing in English.	0
It's the truth, you fool.	It is true.	0
Your gift at this time may provide you with additional year-end tax benefits.	You might be able to take tax deductions on your donations.	0
And, of course, Androv Gromikov didn't answer anything, but we had all the information from the films the U2 had taken.	The U2 took a lot of film.	0
He said that they had gone up North.	He said they went up North.	0
Elves or leprechauns that Anthony John Campos refers to as little people, pichilingis are goblins who perform mischievous pranks.	Anthony John Campos says that little people are mischievous goblins.	0
Moreover,  it contains only terms known to have arisen in the Twentieth Century,  according to the Preface, but omits the military slang of the earlier 20th century.	According to the preface, it contains terms that gave rise in the twentieth century but leaves out slang that arose earlier.	0
Kodaly kerend (Kodaly crescent, named after another Hungarian composer) is a splendid ensemble, its curving faaades decorated with Classical  gures and inlaid motifs.	Kodaly kerend is decorate with Classical gures and inlaid motifs.	0
The sounds disturbed Captain Blood from his disgruntled musings.	Captain Blood's thoughts were broken by some noises.	0
But as she got older, um, she never acknowledged that she was wrong but she did change her behavior.	She never admitted that she was wrong.	0
to watch a girl in a white fur parka and boots	A girl wears white clothes.	0
The next week, my nephew asked for an acoustic guitar for his birthday.	My nephew requested an acoustic guitar for his upcoming birthday present.	0
Left to its own devices, this reaction is exergonic and, in the presence of excess trimers compared to the equilibrium ratio of hexamer to trimers, will flow exergonically toward equilibrium by synthesizing the hexamer.	If this reaction is untouched, it will eventually go towards equilibrium.	0
Searches of readily available databases could have unearthed the driver's licenses, the car registration, and the telephone listing.	Several types of information were available from existing databases.	0
By taking advantage of them all, we need not depend on any one point in the system to do the whole job.	If we extract them all we can complete the whole operation.	0
If the product included more new content or invention, fully integrated prototypes were frequently used to demonstrate that the design met requirements.	Design requirements were often demonstrated using prototypes.	0
But even though as a boy I lived on a ranch right on the Mexican border, I remember being mystified by ranching terms that crept into Western songs from north of us, cayuse, for example.	I was mystified by ranching terms.	0
Upon impact, many were killed or severely injured; others were relatively unharmed.	Many people died on impact.	0
For example, a program chairman prepared in longhand a few laudatory introductory remarks about a   ..	A program chairman prepared some introductory remarks.	0
The Saronic islands have a longer season stretching from April to October.	The Saronic islands have a distinct season.	0
i don't usually i just pass on any recipe that's got more than five or six steps to it because i just know i'll never take the time to do it	I don't do complicated recipes.	0
And, uh, but, uh, I would think, at night I couldn't sleep.	I had trouble sleeping at night.	0
This time I wasn't even happy that she was there because I was so stressed out.	I was too anxious to be happy that she was there.	0
The FDA's regulations do not make it harder for adults to buy cigarettes.	It isn't hard for adults to buy cigarettes even with FDA regulations.	0
where and um there'd be more honest settlements instead of this um uh tugging of people's heart strings and um making them cry and feel like they're doing somebody good by giving them	This is just making people feel bad and guilty.	0
I was as fast as--as lightning, you know.	It took place in no time at all, you know.	0
and uh but it suddenly comes from somewhere i don't know where it comes from but	I do not know where it comes from but it is swift.	0
Rababah, who had lived in Connecticut, New York, and New Jersey, told investigators that he had recommended Paterson, New Jersey, as a place with an Arabic-speaking community where Hazmi and Hanjour might want to settle.	New Jersey as selected as one place for the people to stay.	0
It was not a bicultural or binational position, but rather a position between cultures, a  hanging in space  position.	There were two or more cultures involved, with different positions.	0
You should have seen the danger.	You really need to be aware of the emergency happening.	0
.By reaching students whom are not otherwise being reached through school and other community institutions.	Not all students are being reached through school and other community institutions.	0
The Clinton administration's position is that the Internet should be a federal duty-free zone.	Clinton's administration supports freedom on the web.	0
Hackers , or just plain droupies , probably have no trouble translating what I just wrote out of computer jargon and slang into more conventional English.	I think hackers can generally understand computer jargon.	0
However, the SAB, supported by recent literature addressing this issue (Rossi et al.	The SAB talked about it.	0
Our teaching hospitals and research programs receive no state support.	The research program doesnt get any money from the state.	0
On top of this sorry civil-liberties record are the misuse of the FBI in the White House's own original travel-office investigation, and what has come to be known as Filegate.	The White House misuses the FBI.	0
Of all the unsatisfactory people I EVER met--	I have met unsatisfactory people in my life.	0
Why did ye let Wolverstone and the others go?  he cried, with a touch of bitterness.	Wolverstone was not the only person who left.	0
Abeam with the Arabella, across the harbour, were the flat-fronted white buildings of that imposing city that came down to the very water's edge.	The Arabella was located just across the harbour's edge where the rest of the city was located.	0
the the second one that she has was one of the puppies from the litter and uh the one male that she used had a tooth problem	The male had a tooth issue and the second puppy was from the litter.	0
For the delayed dispatch, see FDNY records, computer-aided dispatch report, alarm box 8087, Sept. 11, 2001, 09:03:00-09:10:02.	Computer aided dispatch reports were prepared for September 11.	0
When this technique works, you get a powerful story, albeit one whose subject is not revealed until around the third paragraph.	This story writing technique pays off when you reach the third paragraph.	0
That is also true of famous Hoosiers such as James Whitcomb Riley, Eugene V. Debs and Madam C.J.	Eugene Debs was from Indiana.	0
Not Naomi Wolf's Fault Answer	Naomi Wolf had an answer.	0
My favorite example remains the frog and the fly.	I have a favorite example.	0
The arguments the administration now makes about food stamps, of course, can easily be made about basic welfare--TANF--too.	The administration is addressing the food stamp program.	0
We recognize that a costly change in NORAD's defense posture to deal with the danger of suicide hijackers, before such a threat had ever actually been realized, would have been a tough sell.	It is very expensive to change NORAD's defense posture.	0
Pachucas were the girlfriends of the pachucos, but they also had a dress style all their own.	Pachucas knew pachucos.	0
uh Dances With Wolves we just saw that kind of late what else have i seen uh Silence of the Lambs	I watched Dances with Wolves.	0
Visitors to the Spectrum section are encouraged to manipulate various machines and participate in scientific experiments.	The Spectrum section has an area to manipulate various machines.	0
Some officers were then assigned to assist in stairwell evacuations; others were assigned to expedite evacuation in the plaza, concourse, and PATH station.	Officers got their own assignments.	0
It was an amazing mood swing.	The mood changed a lot.	0
Accountable Federal government is adopting the principles of performancebased management in an effort to address these demands.	The government is using these principles to try to handle these demands.	0
God is mentioned only as  nature's God,  by virtue of which every people is entitled to  a separate and equal station  in the community of nations.	People will be different but equal.	0
The Poble Espanyol (Spanish Village), on Montjuac's northeastern flank, is an attraction for which the cliche  fun for the whole family  might have been invented.	The Poble Espanyol is fun for the whole family.	0
Such a list provides the official administratively approving the voucher (usually the traveler's supervisor) and the certifying officer additional evidence for determining the reasonableness of the claims.	The list tells who approved the voucher.	0
And a couple of miles this side of it, bearing after them, came speeding three great white ships.	Three white ships came.	0
The crosshatched trapezoid is the welfare loss to these mailers as a market, given that they cannot shift.	The market loss comes from the crosshatched trapezoid being unable to shift.	0
Consequently, government decisionmakers and managers are adopting new ways of thinking, considering different ways of achieving goals, and using new information to guide decisions.	Government representatives are changing their approach.	0
Technology is highly integrated with the business processes in these organizations because technology is viewed as an enabler for the business, not just a tool.	These businesses place a great emphasis on technology.	0
That same day, the supervisor forwarded the lead to an intelligence agent to open an intelligence case-an agent who thus was behind the wall keeping FBI intelligence information from being shared with criminal prosecutors.	The supervisor sent the lead to someone else.	0
In an economy with reinvestment, what happens if we can take our advantages of trade and reinvest any excess so that we can create more apples and pears than we had to start with?	We can trade a lot in our economy.	0
On returning to the United States, Hage was met at the airport by FBI agents, interrogated, and called the next day before the federal grand jury then investigating Bin Ladin.	Hage was interrogated by FBI agents.	0
On a platform above the columns is a carved figure of Chaac-Mool in reclining position, its belly hollowed into a bowl to receive offerings some experts think these included human hearts fresh from the body.	Chaac-Mool got offerings from people.	0
The symptoms of mal ojo are vomiting, diarrhea, loss of weight, and sometimes even death.	Mal ojo has many negative symptoms.	0
This is not to say that the Western tradition has a monopoly on Niceness.	Niceness is not solely owned by Western tradition.	0
I want to say that the autonomous agents comprising that community had, individually and collectively, the embodied know-how to get on with making a living in the natural games that constituted their world.	The agents in the community could make a living.	0
Yet she had not been coming out, for her back was towards him, and she was moving in the same direction.	She went ahead of him by walking in the same direction.	0
That was the primary thing we wanted to save since there wasn't any way to dump a 20-megaton H-bomb off a 30, a C124.	We wanted to save one thing more than the rest.	0
Good-morning to you,  he said, and added  I've blundered badly, so I have.	He had wished him a good morning.	0
One of the latest words to enter the Abbreviation Cycle of Redundancy Race is Missouri .  The  Show-Me  state gained statehood in 1821.	Before 1800 Missouri was not considered a US state.	0
The rabbis were not impressed by these signs.	It was certain that the rabbis saw the signs.	0
In detention, KSM denies that al Qaeda had any agents in Southern California.	Al Qaeda may not have had any agents in California.	0
The inclusion of all necessary parts or elements.	They have to include all the parts.	0
The data presented in this appendix are based on the demographic data for the 5-Digit ZIP Code for each route in a quartile.	The data is shown according to the 5 digit zip code data.	0
uh-huh that's true it is it's not really uh consistent	You are correct about it not be consistent.	0
The reforms that have been adopted so far have profound implications for what government does, how it is organized, and how it performs its services to the country and its citizens.	The reforms affect the government.	0
throw a Coke ad in there	Put an ad for Coke in there.	0
In most common use are the words in the third group that originally define sexual acts.	Some words describe sex.	0
The employer and employee contributions are generally calculated in the same way	Both contributions are figured out by the same method.	0
oh yeah well some some places are good about sending them out by UPS or or other ways but	Some places will ship with UPS.	0
The major Italian guidebook to Rome soberly claims that this building has been nicknamed Il Colosseo Quadrato , `The Square Colosseum.	The building is nicknamed Il Colossea Quadrato.	0
In you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to call our Membership Services Coordinator, Chris Young, at (800) 877-6773.	Please call our Membership Services Coordinator if you have any additional questions.	0
Often the only person who can cure caada de mollera is a curandera.	Curanderas often cure caida de mollera.	0
Thus, once a pleasing motif has been discovered, the next least exerting is to reproduce it with a slight variation.	It is easy to make a variation.	0
Even if the aircraft was on fire, why it, it would uh, burn and it would melt through a lead component for the radiation to leak out.	The radiation would leak out from a lead component after the aircraft burned.	0
Despite their reputation for distrusting polyglots, it is by no means unusual for Englishmen to be bilingual.	Lots of people from England speak more than one language.	0
If the United States does not act aggressively to define itself in the Islamic world, the extremists will gladly do the job for us.	Extremists would be willing to define the US in the Islamic world.	0
there are almost no traces of it in Beijing today.	You can't see much of it left in Beijing.	0
Ajaj had entered the United States on a B-2 tourist visa at New York City on September 9, 1991.	Ajaj was on a tourist visa when he went to the US.	0
Although we readily equate KSM with al Qaeda today, this was not the case before 9/11.	KSM was never thought to be connected with al Qaeda before 9/11.	0
uh-huh well then you just pay it off at the end of the month	When it gets towards the end of the month you can pay the balance.	0
Look out for coconut rum and other fruit rums there's a tremendous variety.	There are fruity rums.	0
oh i see well i like the atmosphere myself	I do like the vibe myself.	0
it's um about twenty minutes	It is approximately twenty minutes.	0
It might be argued that the writing should be phonemic, not phonetic, but phonemes change, too, though more slowly.	Both types of words change over time, but at different rates.	0
The second striking point is Omnes' claim that some observables cannot be observed.	Omnes said you can't see some things.	0
you know yeah well i i went to the library yesterday looking around and i found this uh new book by PJ O'Rourke called uh uh Parliament of Horrors and it's about uh	I got a PJ O'Rourke book at the library yesterday.	0
The impassioned cover story warns that America's national parks are being ruined by overcrowding, underfunding, invasion by exotic plant and animal species, and commercial development.	The national parks are too crowded.	0
'    We knew exactly what it meant.	The meaning was perfectly clear to us.	0
Monday through Friday delivery of James Surowiecki's Moneybox column, plus other Slate economic and financial articles.	James Surowiecki's Moneybox column is delivered five days a week.	0
Madrid's collection of Spanish Old Masters Vealazquez, El Greaco, Goya, Zurabaran, and more is unarivalled in the world.	Madrid has the best collection	0
If you have pledged or contributed for 1991, you have my thanks and the appreciation of the administration and faculty of the law school.	The law school employs at least one person.	0
yeah when i had a Cocker Spaniel it it was an outdoor dog and uh i think i liked that better uh-huh	I think I preferred outdoor dogs like the Cocker Spaniel I used to have.	0
80% of participants will report increased conflict resolution skills.	More than half the participants will report increased conflict resolution skills.	0
In Riyadh, he told his brothers that he had been on jihad in Chechnya.	He had several brothers who had been in Chechnya.	0
I should have known better than to come so close to Jamaica by night.	I traveled near to Jamaica after the sun had set.	0
Sullivan invokes the mantra of equal treatment as if it's an argument-ender.	Sullivan is confident that the mantra of equal treatment will end the argument.	0
no they're still they're still on tour they've been touring since late sixties	They have been touring since before 1970.	0
There's our art programs for junior and senior high school students which are so critical now with less and less allocated in school budgets for the arts.	Schools don't have big budgets for the arts.	0
Although even some o' they should know better, for there's still a few was on Barbados with us, and are acquainted like me and you with Colonel Bishop.	We are acquainted with Colonel Bishop.	0
It's a little screw which set an injection but the, the breathing pressure tube to the pilot and counter pressure.	The screw affects the pressure.	0
You know who would understand?	I think you know who would understand.	0
Imagination is not a gift usually associated with bureaucracies.	Bureaucracies aren't usually thought to be imaginative.	0
And I was like, I'm almost done.	I told them i was almost finished.	0
These open seats --Washington, Colorado, and North Dakota --coupled with the ousting of long-term Democrat Alan Dixon, have greatly increased our chances for victory.	Alan Dixon is a Democrat politician.	0
Notice how the trompe l'oeil painting on the low arched ceiling aspires to turn the little church into a lofty Gothic cathedral.	The painting aspires to turn the church into a Gothic cathedral.	0
I hope to hear from you soon.	I hope we talk soon.	0
yeah there you you know usually there's uh i have a a farm a hundred miles east of here in East Texas	I have a farm here in Texas.	0
72 And as I indicated in Chapter 2, the blend of warmth and expectations for mature behavior that make up authoritative parenting is linked to skilled peer interaction as well.	Skilled peer interaction is linked to authoritative parenting.	0
This is a wonderful time of year for storytelling.	This is a great time to tell stories.	0
I am pressed,  she informed him.	She had told him that she was pressured.	0
One is cautioned about eating food openly, as the monkeys are likely to view this as an invitation to dine.	You shouldn't eat food out in the open.	0
uh you know they'll be gone and and uh there won't be as many activities do you uh	Once they leave, the activities will too.	0
And they couldn't stay in the Augusta area because people knew that they had tried to do something that was really taboo and try to pass for white.	People were aware that they weren't white.	0
The explosion killed six people, injured about 1,000 more, and exposed vulnerabilities in the World Trade Center's and the city's emergency preparedness.	Approximately one thousand people were injured in the explosion.	0
When a match occurs for hotel and certain other charges, a verification of the actual trip would be made.	The trip itself would be verified using hotel charges.	0
The principal figures on Bush's White House staff would be National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice, who had been a member of the NSC staff in the administration of George H.W.	Condoleezza Rice was the National Security Advisor during Bush's administration.	0
Without your help we will lose some of this grant money.	We will lose some money if you don't step in.	0
i'm trying to hang in there	I am attempting to hang on.	0
Talmudic carries none of this baggage.	Talmudic has no problems.	0
Jane,Dave, and an FBI analyst who was on detail to the CIA's Bin Ladin unit went to New York on June 11 to meet with the agents about the Cole case.	The FBI analyst went to New York to talk to the agents.	0
they probably weren't the most brilliant people in the world but they uh were very personable and took uh a interest in people who were willing to study	They may not have been the smartest but they were very friendly and were interested in those that study.	0
Whatever happened to the military's traditional heartless approach of finding a scapegoat?	The military has a history of using a scapegoat.	0
The landmark acquisition in December of 75 rare and important hanging scrolls and folding screens is evidence of the commitment to build the IMA's permanent collection of world art.	The art was acquired, which was very exciting.	0
If Esperanto is aspiring to become a  real  language, then it must begin to behave like one and, before long, it will begin to suffer the same  weaknesses  that natural languages suffer--polysemy and pleurisemy.	Polysemy is one problem that natural languages have.	0
so it um-hum well it doesn't bring anything but chaos	Chaos is all you get from it.	0
Famous for its August log-rolling contests, the town of Squamish makes a useful base for hiking tours into Garibaldi Provincial Park.	Squamish is famous for log-rolling contests.	0
It was from a airbase that flew over Cuba, and of course Rudolph Anderson was shot down.	Something was shot down over Cuba.	0
For the truth is that a building'no matter how useful or well built or beautiful'that is not sympathetic to the way that people dress risks looking not merely anachronistic, but downright silly.	A building can't be beautiful without being useful.	0
Original animal metaphors are all but obliterated in words that have no reference to animals.	Animal metaphors are mostly gone.	0
So it was just really interesting.	It was interesting to me.	0
Hundreds of day-trippers cruise to both islands, eager to do it all before they have to get back on the boat.	PEople go to the islands for a short time.	0
The Politicization of Nearly Everything (Literary Division) proceeds apace.	The Politicization of Nearly Everything goes on swiftly.	0
Blood leaned over the rail to speak to the fair young man immediately below him by the helmsman at the whipstaff.	There was a fair young man who happened to be the helmsman.	0
If it was off one iota, you had to do some adjusting to the regulator itself.	You'd have to tinker with the regulator.	0
Our pediatric physicians are studying birth defects, childhood cancers, blood disorders, and bone marrow Transplant techniques, and our medical and molecular genetics research continues to unravel genetic mysteries.	Our pediatric physicians are investigating a variety of diseases.	0
So we are entering an entirely new domain.	We are doing something new.	0
About 2,100 general practitioners accessed their feedback reports on-line during 1999, and HIC implemented further enhancements to include feedback to other medical practitioners.	HIC made feedback changes.	0
Pitt, at his post beside the helmsman, turned intrepidly to face the excited gunner.	The gunner was feeling giddy as Pitt went beside him.	0
To the horror of some Western readers, however, he was at least once quoted out of context as having threatened to  bury  America.	It was reported that he wanted to bury America even tho this was not true.	0
Stepping on Some Mighty Big Toes	The toes are large.	0
i have a younger daughter now and uh i it's kind of hard to get her  get her there and everything but i am going to to uh	It is a little harder for me to get my daughter there.	0
Administration, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, and the Health Resources and Services Administration.	There is a Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration.	0
The Kinabalu national park is just one of six protected regions in the state.	The state has protected regions, which include the Kinabalu national park.	0
Please understand that Federal Regulations prohibit FAA personnel, XXXX Airlines, and all other air carriers from sharing specific information regarding this program with the public.	The FAA can't share some info about what they're doing.	0
Her name is Amali which means hope - and she is certainly a wonderful representative of the hope that IZS has to further conservation efforts for African elephants in Zoos and in the wild.	IZS helps African elephans.	0
And um, it's different, like under each client, is all their files.	They keep all the files.	0
My hero, though, is Richard Heseltine, the chairman of the Overseas Investment Trust, who resigned earlier this month in opposition to the business plan forced on him by his superiors.	Heseltine quit his job.	0
Slope vs.  Much of the debate turns on which issues are associated with abortion.	The abortion debate is a big issue.	0
If there was anything I could do.	I could do something.	0
i don't know though but i still think like out in the country when she said that i was like what	I believe it was out in the country.	0
Since reservations for our stay in Houston are limited, I hope you will return your Nomination Acceptance today.	I hope you send this back to us soon.	0
As an Inner Circle member you can expect some of the finest seats on the reviewing stand for the world's greatest celebration of democracy --the 52nd American Presidential Inauguration.	The American Presidential Inauguration is considered to be the world's greatest celebration of democracy.	0
and uh it was just really good i knew it was going to be sad and i knew somebody was going to be dying	I knew ahead of time that someone would die and that it would be depressing.	0
One can imagine a bulldozer operator as he blades out a road for a new development being hailed by the developer   Hey, Loyd ...	You can imagine a bulldozer operator.	0
In the meantime the Air Force bought the SR71, now the A-12, that we were working with the CIA.	The Air Force bought planes.	0
In other words, what happens is something like the legerdemain of a magician's now-you-see-it-now-you-don't.	What happens is a surprise.	0
Goistering was a curious term for loud feminine laughter; a bad worker was called  his excuse might well be, Old Laurence has got hold of me today!	They gave a name to the lady's loud laugh.	0
If lite/light simply describes a characteristic of the beer (e.g.	Beer can have the tag lite or light.	0
Based on this risk assessment, Centrelink developed a range of specific prevention strategies aimed at educating beneficiaries and employers on income reporting requirements.	Centrelink had a lot of strategies to teach people how to report income.	0
So I heard,  she admitted in a small voice.	She had heard something.	0
When I took my first office job in Switzerland, I had a secretary who knew no French or English, so that I had to write letters in these languages by hand for her to type.	Because my secretary spoke no English, I had to write the letters for her to type.	0
There is a linguistic process in the evolution of our vocabulary that is not functioning with a high rate of efficiency.	Our vocabulary has a linguistic process.	0
For example, diagnosis was borrowed from a Greek word (which, incidentally, did not mean the same thing); two hundred years afterwards, the verb diagnose --a back formation --was coined.	The origins of the word diagnosis can be traced back to the Greek language.	0
The World Health Organization announced that a new strategy for treating tuberculosis could save 10 million lives over the next decade.	The WHO has a strategy that can save millions from tuberculosis.	0
A county employee will be on hand to assist litigants with their research as well.	A county employee can help people	0
No, she was born in 1900 because she was 16, and so it must have been like in 1926, 19, you know, before, before 1930.	She was born at the turn of the century	0
It is a way of saying,  I am an outlaw, a mountain man!	It is a way of saying that I am a lawless person.	0
C. P. Snow wrote of the two cultures, science and the humanities, never to mix.	Two cultures are science and humanities.	0
that was their goal oh	That is what they had been striving for.	0
Two concepts that appear often in the literature may be useful in informing future research.	The literature can change the research in the future.	0
He stepped back, a baffled, impotent man.	He was shocked and taken aback.	0
This group of donors will directly help the Chancellor meet immediate needs of faculty, students, and staff.	The Chancellor will receive help with meeting faculty needs.	0
There are nationalities and ethnic groups so confident, so satisfied with themselves that ethnic epithets either bounce off them like pebbles off an elephant or are adopted as amusing or even ornamental.	Some ethnic groups have a lot of self-esteem.	0
He warranted the Boolean idealization had its problems, but found that in many cases the response of a gene was nonlinear to its inputs.	Boolean idealization is imperfect.	0
The time from placing the order to completion of commissioning activities is 46 weeks for both units.	It takes both units forty six weeks to complete an order.	0
The Ming Tombs were once a staple of tours to the Great Wall at Badaling, but foreign tourists have seldom been impressed by the site, finding it dank and poorly restored.	The Ming Tombs are no longer a great tourist attraction.	0
To suppress the image of homosexuality as a vice, Clinton and Birch attribute civic virtues to gays.	Homosexuality is seen as a vice.	0
Napoleon attacked and destroyed Catalonia's sacred shrine, the monastery at Montserrat.	Napoleon was responsible for the destruction of the monastery at Montserrat.	0
the the extra nickel or what is it extra thirty cents for a for a for six bottles everybody everybody comes across the border  to buy the cheaper the the cheaper drinks	A six pack is about 30 cents cheaper across the border.	0
Until you do the arithmetic, you do not realize that, in Lincoln's mind, the critical moment of the founding was 1776, the signing of the Declaration of Independence.	Lincoln thought that the signing of the Declaration of Independence marked the founding.	0
And if ye' weren't a fool, Ogle, you wouldn't need me to tell you this.	Ogle appears to be rather foolish, as one claimed.	0
Across from the square are the back streets of Laleli, the place to look for low-priced clothes.	Cheap clothes are for sale in Laleli.	0
Discovering it would have required quick and very substantial cooperation from the German government, which might well have been difficult to obtain.	The German government might have had difficultly performing a quick and thorough investigation.	0
yeah that's true but  but uh i think i mean even more than that even i mean if you drop out in high school	Yes, that is the truth.	0
Amsterdam has many facets, almost as many as the diamonds for which the city is famous.	Amsterdam is famous.	0
The difficulties of the anatomical structure of elephants made what is considered a common procedure among domestic animals extremely problematic.	It's hard to operate on elephants.	0
Ogle wrenched it free, with an oath.	Ogle did not stay quiet when he wrenched it free.	0
But now Maxwell enters and invents a  wee creature,  later dubbed Maxwell's demon.	The Maxwell demon is the work and creation of Maxwell's.	0
Nearby Xlapak has only one major structure, a palace, but Labna, the final Puuc site on the tour, has a number of structures to explore.	Xlapak has one palace.	0
You, along with other caring members, will be helping the effort to preserve and promote our state's proud heritage.	Help is needed for the state.	0
PDBs were not routinely briefed to congressional leaders, though this item could have been in some other intelligence briefing.	Congressional leaders may or may not have been aware of this PDB.	0
The degreed educators of the Social Health Association provide in-school presentations in three	The educators have graduated from some coursework.	0
I wonder, now,  he said presently,  if the mischief is of your working.	He questioned whether or not if the mischievous acts were caused by you.	0
The building's most legendary feature is the grasshopper weathervane.	There is a weathervane on top of the building.	0
Never mind the question of whether the Dow Jones industrial average is the proper measure of how well the rich are doing.	The Dow Jones shows what's happening in the economy.	0
I mean that was the whole point.	I understood the point.	0
Continence, after all, is a virtue, or so say those who do not have it imposed on them.	Only those who do not have continence consider it to be a virtue.	0
Sports aren't the only events to bet on at these sites.	These sites take bests on several activities.	0
And rest easy, Miss Dalrymple, when I reedit speech scripts for print publication, I always revert to good old academically pure English usage.	I reedit speeches.	0
The Senate agreed that a new agency should supervise nuclear weapons research.	The Senate felt a new agency should look over the research of nuclear weapons.	0
The most striking implication of the CMP theory is that the concern for relative position vanishes in societies where mates are allocated by mechanisms other than wealth.	The CMP theory deals with mating.	0
One of the great interiors of this period is the main living space of the Tugendhat House, designed by Mies Van der Rohe in 1928.	Mies Van der Rohe designed the Tugendhat House.	0
'  A Tennessee informant used dog weather for `hot, rainless weather,' which may derive from the expression dog days referring to dry August weather.	The weather is hot and rainless most days in August.	0
Make your head with heat grow dizzy.	Excessive heat can cause dizziness in some cases.	0
Real noise appeals to the young and appalls the old.	The old are appalled by real noise while it appeals to younger people.	0
Prototypes were used by commercial companies throughout the product development process and not just during product integration.	The commercial companies use prototypes.	0
Once the plane struck, they were prevented from descending because of damage to or impassable conditions in the building's three stairwells.	They could not go down the stairwells.	0
The group meets monthly to discuss the status of previously discussed and/or implemented initiatives and to propose and discuss current problems and potential initiatives.	The group has meetings every month.	0
Sofias, next to the Megaro Mousikis Metro station.	Sofias is close to the Megaro Mousikis Metro station.	0
But there is also intense competition among law schools to attract the best and brightest students.	Law schools want the best students.	0
no not necessarily um it can be in house people who help you handle X amount of dollars	Sometimes it is in house people who assist you.	0
The FBI must maintain rigorous security and proficiency standards with respect to its permanent and contract employees.	The FBI has to keep their employees secure.	0
They had already had their training in the full pressure suits and it taken me a while if you go into full pressure suits.	Training to use a full pressure suit takes time.	0
Sea temperatures vary between 18e and 24e C (64-75e F).	Sea temperature are always changing, but they do not go below freezing temperature.	0
I do not believe the possible recon value outweighs the risk of possible program termination when the stakes are raised by the Taliban parading a charred Predator in front of CNN, he wrote.	He was not happy that a burned Predator was shown on CNN.	0
This allowed demonstrations of the design before the companies made more costly investments in manufacturing equipment and tooling to build production representative prototypes for the demonstration phase.	Then they could show how the design worked.	0
The Beaux Arts City Hall has been replaced by nearby Government Center.	The city hall was replaced by a government center.	0
Michael Lewis, interviewed about his book Trail Fever, observed that Alexander did something I didn't think possible in this campaign.	Michael Lewis wrote a book called Trail Fever.	0
I ask you to please give today to the IRT and help them continue the marvelous work they have been producing for 26 years.	Please donate to the IRT today.	0
You have granted, I am told, the King's commission to this man.  His very tone betrayed the bitterness of his rancour.	His tone denounced the bitterness of his resentment.	0
H. H. Richardson and his protege Charles Follen McKim were alumni, as well as McKim's assistants, John M. Carrare and Thomas Hastings.	H. H. Richardson, Charles Follen McKim, John M. Carrare and Thomas Hastings were all alumni.	0
Beyond Las Vegas's reputation for welcoming tourists, we have seen no credible evidence explaining why, on this occasion and others, the operatives flew to or met in Las Vegas.	Las Vegas has a reputation for welcoming tourists.	0
so i don't know wish i did	I really wish i knew about that.	0
This week the Enquirer offers a preview of Ken Starr's report on the great love affair, which will enumerate romps in the Presidential limo, the Oval Office and even the LINCOLN BEDROOM!	The Enquirer had information about the White House.	0
HOSTILITIES   In the great harbour of Port Royal, spacious enough to have given moorings to all the ships of all the navies of the world, the Arabella rode at anchor.	The ship named Arabella had docked at the great harbor of Port Royal.	0
The highest virtue of the postwar German constitutional order, then, was precisely the greatest casualty of the Nazi regime.	The Nazi regime stopped it.	0
you know, and she's stuffing the petals up there and I didn't really know of any consequences.	I didn't know what would happen to her.	0
yeah she was great you know she	Yes she was very good.	0
well i have a girlfriend who has a daughter that's a teenager and every year before school starts she has me take her shopping for clothes because they fight too much	I have to take my girlfriend's daughter shopping for clothing before the school year starts each year.	0
it was um from uh um Wills Point i don't know if you're familiar with	I am not sure if you have heard of Will Point.	0
FBI report of investigation, interview of Jennifer Stangel, Sept. 14, 2001.	Jennifer Stangel was interviewed by the FBI.	0
This budget makes some big--if dubious--choices, if only implicitly.	The budget is making some interesting moves.	0
Likewise, the statistics in Tables A2 and A3 show that routes with high carrier route volume reside in ZIP Codes with higher levels of household income and education attainment.	High volume areas also have high incomes.	0
Captain Blood bared his head and bowed silently in a greeting which she returned composedly and formally.	She responded to Captain Blood's greeting in a formal and calm way.	0
I believe that it was nothing but the hope of taking and hanging Captain Blood that made my uncle leave his Barbados plantations to accept the deputy-governorship of Jamaica.	My uncle left his Barbados plantations before accepting a position in Jamaica.	0
Children will enjoy the Cite de la Mer (37 Rue de l'Asile Thomas), with exhibits on the history of boatbuilding, the fishing industry, and how tides and currents shape the coastline.	Kids will like the exhibits about boats.	0
His hand closed over the butt of one of the pistols slung before him.	He had put a gun right on himself.	0
I'll be getting my hat and cane and sword, and go ashore in the cock-boat.	I will go ashore in the small boat.	0
Clarke mentioned to National Security Advisor Rice at least twice that al Qaeda sleeper cells were likely in the United States.	Clarke told National Security Advisor Rice that al Qaeda sleeper cells were probably in the United States.	0
Prudence, our advice columnist, has retired, and her column has been taken over by her niece, also named Prudence.	Someone will be taking over the column that Prudence left.	0
The corporate CIO works with CIOs or other information managers in each of the business units to ensure efficient, reliable, and interoperable technology for the entire corporation.	The CIO trains other CIOs.	0
They Shoot Students, Don't They?	They have weapons they use against students.	0
First, the ED potentially provides an ideal teachable moment for patients who have problems with alcohol use.	The ED could impact patients with alcohol use problems.	0
(`In the school patios the great noise-- hubbub --is ceasing.	There is much less noise in the school patios lately.	0
and that's a lot of it is due to the fact that the mothers are on drugs	The mothers take drugs.	0
Sure, then, I'll be telling ye.	Alright then, I will tell you about it.	0
um no i live off campus	I do not live on campus.	0
The concept of the teachable moment, although only a conceptualization at this time, provides part of the seminal interest in doing alcohol interventions in the ED.	There is some reason to do an alcohol intervention in the emergency room.	0
And we know that Professor Honey has it right when he writes about	And we know that Professor Honey is correct in his writings.	0
I find nothing interesting, entertaining, or useful about any of the following, which are fairly typical of the	I find nothing worth my time.	0
uh it's amazing it's amazing what you can get out of a little	It is astounding how a little can produce a lot.	0
On the other hand, particles and the three nongravitational forces have yet to be incorporated into a spin network picture.	There are three nongravitational forces.	0
29 for furniture and silver, Tai Sing Company at 122 for porcelain.	Porcelain was more than furniture and silver.	0
oh is that where you're talking from	That is where you are calling from?	0
Examples of every locally produced craft can be found in abundance here, and you'll shop cheaper than in the resorts, especially if you practice your bartering skills beforehand.	It's cheaper to buy stuff here.	0
[ In all fairness, it must be said that Mr. Room wrote as soon as he realized his slip in referring to the Bummel as a river.	The Bummel is actually not a river at all.	0
Please prayerfully consider how much you can give.	We hope that you will carefully consider how much you can give.	0
So I went to, I went to Washington D.C. and I didn't go directly to, uh, that, uh, they had told me to on my orders.	I went to the nation's capital.	0
Many PAPD officers were on the ground floors of the complex-some assisting in evacuation, others manning the PAPD desk in 5 WTC or assisting at lobby command posts.	There were PAPD officers assisting at lobby command posts.	0
The sea is reached only by narrow lanes and farm tracks, but it's worth a trek to get away from the crowds.	The sea has lanes  leading to it that aren't very wide.	0
No other profession has so rich a tradition of self-deprecation.	No other job has a robust tradition of criticism about itself.	0
Some Athenians even urged the Assembly to declare war on the Macedonian King.	Some Athenians wanted to declare war.	0
Keeping the integrationist faith are black liberals like Professors Henry Louis Gates and Cornel West. Joining them is black economist Glenn Loury, a conservative who broke ranks to endorse affirmative action as a necessary policy.	Glenn Loury is a conservative.	0
24 These features would also be appropriate for GMRA accountability reports.	The same features could be used for GMRA accountability reports.	0
Time interviews Deborah Eappen, grieving mother in the Louise Woodward au pair case.	Debrah Eappen gave an interview to Time.	0
Please give now so we can go on giving back to you and your friends and neighbors.	If you donate now it will help us a lot.	0
Gerald L. Bepko 1995 United Way of Central Indiana Campaign Chair	Bepko was the head of the campaign in 1995.	0
There's some cash flow projections on my desk and, um, uh, it's for such and such Cutty, that's the client's name.	There is a client named Cutty.	0
So what about a hybrid plan--subscriptions for heavy users, and micropayments for the rest?	They are considering payment plans for their users.	0
Say that I look forward to making his acquaintance there.     CHAPTER XXII.	Say that I look forward to meeting him there.	0
William Lowe Bryan, the IU president whose dream of a broadly based university led to the founding of IU School of Medicine in 1903.	Bryan wanted to start a medical school to make the university more prominent.	0
As a Nussbaum member you have helped us save endangered animals--and their homes.	Endangered animals are helped by Nussbaum members.	0
How does a parent gain respect from a child who sees the other parent acting disrespectfully toward his or her spouse?	How can a parent gain respect from their child if they are acting disrespectfully?	0
There is a dispute regarding Ashcroft's interest in Pickard's briefings about the terrorist threat situation.	Ashcroft was interesting in the briefings.	0
I can sympathize, therefore, with their rejection of the term Negro as a racist term.	I understand why they don't like the word Negro.	0
Grammar and glamour are historically the same word.	In the past the words grammar and glamour were identical.	0
In the context of Mexican folk music la cancien ranchera is a love song, sung by the common folk, the peasants of the rural countryside.	La cancien rancheras are love songs sung by rural peasants in Mexico.	0
Ah, fourth grade was a lot of fun.	I liked fourth grade.	0
More, we can actually predict their size distribution.	It is possible to forecast their size distribution.	0
it's real real dangerous i i would think but with all the accidents	There are a lot of accidents there.	0
He threw them at me again and again.	He threw them at me over and over.	0
Literacy and numeracy have come to the fore in recent years as major issues, not only (or even so much) in the Third World as in the industrialized nations.	Illiteracy is a major issue in the third world.	0
The options are not that attractive.	The choices are not too appealing.	0
And she said then her mama, her mama leaned forward, and she looked and she said, Walks like him.	She said her mom has the same walk.	0
Such boats were developed to allow quick access to incoming ships.	Boats were developed to make it easy to get to incoming ships.	0
Three months after enrollment, the field representatives evaluate a sample of each new provider's claims to see if there are any issues that should be discussed.	The field representatives have an evaluation period.	0
Wait!  Blood bade him, interrupting, and he set a restraining hand upon the gunner's arm.	Blood had put his hand up against the gunner's arm in an attempt to hold him back.	0
Now why is that better than becoming a fur coat?	Can you explain to me why that option is preferable to becoming a fur coat?	0
Nor does democratization change the underlying reality of international  geography.	Democratization can do little to change the reality of international geography.	0
The largest town on the lake's south coast is Siefok.	Siefok is on the south coast.	0
Sometimes this personal process of maturity or decay (take your pick) is reinforced by what's happening in the culture.	Whether you choose to see this process as personal maturity or personal decay, what's going on in the culture seems to reinforce it.	0
Hence, there is a countable, or denumerable, infinity of computer programs.	Something can be both countable, and denumerable.	0
It was here in 1775 that 100 barrels of gunpowder mysteriously disappeared from stores in Fort St. Catherine and found their way onto a boat bound for the use of the American revolutionaries.	100 barrels of gunpowder disappeared.	0
Upon hearing that the camp was to be closed, he and others traveled to al Faruq camp near Kandahar, where they received more training.	Some people were trained near Kandahar.	0
But I was in haste to land you.	The person was in a hurry.	0
And if so, are they often near that boundary?	The speaker wanted clarification about how often they went near the boundary.	0
The notion of having college freshmen explore the realities of these two campuses in a Diary (Seth Bisen-Hersh of MIT, Ben Trachtenberg of Yale) is very appealing--the problem arises in the execution.	It's hard for college freshman to keep a diary.	0
The hand-made cars are the city's best-loved attraction, and the system was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964.	The cars get a lot of visitors.	0
The gain or loss should be accounted for as a nonexchange gain or loss	When accounting for the gain or loss make it a nonexchange gain or loss.	0
Then I was spinning my wheel for about, I don't know, it seemed like all day that day.	I spun my wheel for a long time.	0
I... I had not dreamed....	I did not dream.	0
Finally, postal density appears to be a more important driver of unit street delivery costs than volume over the actual ranges in France and the U.S.	Postal density impacts delivery costs more than volume.	0
Once these decisions are made, the CIO organization must provide effective, responsive support through efficient allocation of resources and the day-to-day execution of its responsibilities.	Efficient allocation of resources is important for effective execution of responsibilities.	0
In the same way, manual typewriters depend on the full force of the fingers to create words, rather than on electric (or electronic) assistance.	Typewriters require the user to push the buttons with adequate force to form the letters.	0
During the planning stages of an audit, auditors should communicate their responsibilities for testing and reporting on compliance with laws and regulations and internal control over financial reporting.	Auditors should talk.	0
Levasseur?  He smiled a little.	He smiled a bit.	0
4.14 An additional standard for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS	Financial audits must be performed in accordance with GAGAS.	0
It is operated by simply lifting two planks of wood by hand	Two planks get lifted.	0
Well, the next day, of course, President Kennedy, uh, blockaded Cuba, and, uh, our ships stopped a Russian ship that was headed just outside of Cuba within, and they found missiles on them.	Kennedy told our troops to look for missiles.	0
Hark to the gentleman!  he mocked.	He had made fun of the man.	0
That is why it is disconcerting if dress and decor are not in harmony.	It is not normal for dress and decor to be not in harmony.	0
For information, call (213) 623-2489 on weekdays between 9am and 5pm.	The phone line is manned on weekdays.	0
Accordingly, federal agencies need to reassess their human capital practices to ensure that federal financial professionals are equipped to meet these new challenges and support their agencies' mission and goals.	There are some new challenges that face the federal agents.	0
My intuition, of course, has a very specific basis-you are a person who cares, as demonstrated by your annual stewardship donation to your parish.	I feel like you are a caring, nice person.	0
yeah uh-huh yeah well this is Fresno uh-huh	I'm telling you that this is Fresno.	0
As the local host organization for the National Council of International Visitors, the South Africa Internship Program and Chinese Medical Internships, in 1999 the Center welcomed over 100 guests to central Indiana.	The center was happy to have so many guests come to Indiana.	0
I don't know whether he stayed in Augusta after that.	He continued to live in Augusta.	0
Then, the same representative who made the initial visit revisits the new provider to answer questions and discuss any problems noted in the claims sample.	There was a visit by a representative.	0
Why, as I was just telling his lordship here, who thought like you that having Miss Bishop aboard would make us safe, not for his mother would that filthy slaver forgo what's due to him.	I spoke to his lordship just now.	0
The flow of saving is essential to accumulating a stock of wealth-as a general rule someone who never saves will have no wealth.	If you don't save money, you won't have money.	0
The naturalistic  pursuit of happiness,  celebrated in the Declaration, gives way to the quintessential creature of the law's definition'property.	The Declaration says you should pursue happiness.	0
For covert action, of course, the White House depended on the Counterterrorist Center and the CIA's Directorate of Operations.	The CIA was involved in some covert action requested by the White House.	0
The Stampede was originally conceived to show all the techniques and excitement of rounding up cattle on the prairies.	The Stampede was intended to show cattle roping techniques.	0
Looking for the Key to Keeping Safe (Sorry for the bad pun.)	I like to make silly puns.	0
Davidson should not adopt the pronunciation of scone to rhyme with `bone'--at any rate not because Victoria, where he lives, is  veddy English.	Davidson shouldn't talk in a way where bone and scone sound the same.	0
The 1992 Olympics cemented Barcelona's reputation as a sports-mad city.	The Olympics were in Spain in 1992.	0
School of Nursing needs your generous gifts to continue and uphold its educational excellence.	We hope you will donate to the School of Nursing.	0
i mean there was  had the i had my watch and it was all over my shoes and uh the shrubs all turned white down there	My shoes were covered with it.	0
I have never understood why the International Phonetic Alphabet is not used in English dictionaries of all sorts, but this is beyond the scope of our remarks in this review.	This review is limited in scope and therefore doesn't discuss why the International Phonetic Alphabet isn't used in English dictionaries.	0
and now i have got a sister in Germany	Currently I have a sibling residing in Germany.	0
it was was a lot of fun yeah it was um  real popular obviously it was about a week after it'd come out i think	It was a great time especially since it was a week after it was released.	0
Ticket income doesn't begin to cover the cost of these programs.	It seems that the cost of these programs will not be covered by the ticket income.	0
Anyway, we deployed and I can tell now be, because of this that, that, that, uh, we deployed to Kadina, Okinawa, and this was in 1968.	We deployed our forces in 1968.	0
Skeat will not in this case ignore this note and repeat the offence at some future time.	Skeat is going to pay attention to the note.	0
Underneath the bridges in the harbor is a small island called Potter's Cay.	Potter's Cay is a very small island.	0
So then I look up, I find out where Ramona's at, and I call her over there.	I called Ramona over to where I was.	0
The Cambridge University Press has seen fit to honor the 200th anniversary of Boswell's Life of Johnson with a collection of fourteen essays on the biographer and his subject.	Boswell wrote the Life of Johnson about 200 years ago.	0
Before we've run another half-mile we shall be within range.   Wolverstone swore elaborately, then suddenly checked.	Wolverstone let out a curse as they realized that there was another half-mile before they were in range.	0
There was here quite plainly a vague threat, a mutinous spirit he could not understand.	He did not understand the threat that laid before him.	0
So I just had to take the totals and try and figure it like that.	I will calculate it based off of the totals.	0
So irradiating food seems safe, effective, and cheap.	Irradiating food seems useful.	0
is it we have almost an acre yeah it's it's funny because we have um	It is amusing but we have just about an acre.	0
For further details, see //www.healtheffects.org/Pubs/NMMAPSletter.pdf.	There are details at www.healtheffects.org/Pubs/NMMAPSletter.pdf.	0
The least cited reason was to maintain inhouse core	Maintain inhouse core was not cited a lot.	0
there you go well does you husband uh what does he think of your uh T-shirt and and	Does your husband like your t-shirt?	0
Ye'll remember afterwards that it was your hardness drove me.   She moved to depart, then checked, and faced him again.	She had turned towards him despite motioning to leave.	0
(frantically)  No, no, I don't want you to die!	I do not want you to die!	0
It is critical that we educate Americans about the importance of Philanthropy that we develop a new generation of informed and committed leaders.	We should teach Americans about the importance of philanthropy.	0
Using these eight simple techniques, you can fabricate a news story in the comfort of your own home.	You can write a news story from any location if you follow some simple techniques.	0
And she shivered at the memory of it.	Thinking about the event made her shudder.	0
This is a simple displacement from equilibrium, and a simple device, the mica flake, will be made to quake, hence, extract mechanical work.	Something has been displaced from equilibrium.	0
The immediate task is finishing the war and reuniting the nation.	The war still rages on, but that needs to end.	0
However, as Mr. Levitt's daughter pointed out, it is usually found as a stretchy tie used to bind things up, as a reefed mainsail on its boom, light articles to a luggage rack, etc.--Editor.	Mr. Levitt had a daughter.	0
For the fire alarm, see PANYNJ interview 10 (June 16, 2004); PANYNJ interview 7 (June 2, 2004).	Information about the fire alarm was recorded in June.	0
Just as there is a spectrum of alcohol use problems, there may be a family of solutions.	There is not one solution to alcohol use problems.	0
.. spiritual guidance and encouragement.	.. advice from the heart and soul	0
One must be very cautious in proposing etymologies that attribute the origin of a word to playfulness or  they often turn out to be folk etymologies and totally empty of anything more than hollow speculation.	You hae to be careful when you think of a new etymology.	0
i'm looking forward to it	I am eager for that!	0
It isn't that.   But they were fated to misunderstand each other.	They were destined to misunderstand each other.	0
The port town of Nafplio makes the perfect base for touring the area, or perhaps a spot to have lunch while on your tour.	Nafplio is a perfect base.	0
Walcott trained to be a painter--like his schoolteacher father, who died when Walcott was a baby--and The Bounty is his most painterly book, in method and theme.	Walcott's father was a painter and teacher.	0
Changes in the values of spins on the edges that change the areas and volumes of the tetrahedra can be thought of as deforming the geometry so that it warps in dierent ways.	The geometry of the tetrahedra is not rigid.	0
I've been hunting him this year past.	Over the course of the past year I have been stalking him.	0
Colenia de Sant Jordi is lined with hotels and villas, but it seems a rather half-hearted attempt at a resort.	The street has a lot of hotels.	0
It is interesting that the same feature may occur in the economy as a whole.	It is worth noting the same feature may take place within the entire economy.	0
This question is about the etiquette of having a love affair with a macroeconomist.	The question is related to love and macroeconomists.	0
The man was shot by police and then killed himself on the aircraft while it was still on the ground at the airport.	The man was on the aircraft when he died.	0
Khallad has provided a second version, namely that all three traveled together to Karachi.	Khallad said the three could have traveled together.	0
Some of its residents are descendants of the valiant laborers who helped build the Canadian Pacific Railway.	Some of the people that live there are family of the laborers that built the railway.	0
Many of the young donors' parents are longtime political activists who know the rules.	Parents are political activists.	0
We're just trying to figure out what's going on.	We're trying to learn what is happening.	0
Retirement fund, consists of exchange revenue and other financing sources.	The retirement fund has financing sources.	0
So anyway, Dad goes and makes this nice big glass of chocolate milk for me.	Dad poured me a glass of milk.	0
Nothing comes from nothing, Lucretius argued two thousand years ago, and tautologists have proved him right.	Lucretius lived two thousand years ago and made plausible arguments.	0
How can a parent identify the difference between a language disorder and normal language development?	How does a parent know if language development is normal?	0
I've been affiliated with the IRT for 17 years.	I have worked with IRT for a long time.	0
Tourist offices have tried to rename the area L'Estrie, but even the most militant Quebecois prefer the customary direct, if approximate, translation of the  Cantons de l'Est.	The tourism people want to give the area a new name.	0
At the same time, Saudi Arabia's society was a place where al Qaeda raised money directly from individuals and through charities.	In Saudi Arabia, al Qaeda received money from individuals and charities.	0
It's through her that we're in this trap,  Ogle stormed on.	Ogle thought that their ill condition was her fault.	0
He was for the students an advisor, mentor, chaplain, uncle, and true friend.	He was very helpful for his students.	0
In the meantime, Caldas de Monchique is a good place for a picnic and a stroll in the woods.	There are woods around Caldas de Monchique.	0
00 helped make it possible for us to provide guidance, encouragement and fun to nearly 400 Indianapolis area children.	We were able to help many Indianapolis children.	0
One initiative involved establishing strategic direction, guidelines, and standards for instituting electronic commerce in the state government.	Efforts were taken to help institute electronic commerce in state governments.	0
Some names, although they may be objectionable, are not changed.	Even though some find the names objectionable, they have not been altered.	0
issues of alcohol use among injured patients are not in the purview of the trauma team	The trauma team does not handle alcohol use issues.	0
Other efforts currently under way or planned include the	We have something planned.	0
The chaotic regime contrasts starkly with the ordered regime.	There is a huge difference between the two regimes.	0
It's 30 or 40 U2 aircraft, and we'd started the training Chinese pilots, British pilots in them, just all over the, the world that we were allies with.	We trained with a lot of other soldiers.	0
The CIO and decision-making authorities decide what type of work is appropriate to outsource and what type of work is best performed internally.	The CIO said which work was ok.	0
Built in a.d. 688-691, it is decorated in thousands of exquisite, predominantly blue and yellow, Persian ceramic tiles, with Koranic scriptures on the lintels.	There are a ton of little tiles there.	0
NEW ARRIVALS EVERY GIFT MAKES A DIFFERENCE!	Every gift offered counts towards something.	0
well you said you have kids how old	You stated you have children, what are their ages?	0
The company remains prepared to restructure to meet ever-changing business requirements.	The company is willing to change its structure.	0
Their requirements are far more modest in size and complexity.	Their requirements are  less liberal than the alternative.	0
Jacob Weisberg's excellent essay, Car Talk, on the key to this year's gubernatorial and municipal elections, redefines the word autocracy.	Weisberg  wrote about the elections.	0
She realized that perhaps she had, herself, provoked his anger.	She thought she may have provoked his anger.	0
yeah he suggested just getting uh um a uh um a mop like you would use	He suggested finding a mop.	0
My name is Wade--Lord Julian Wade.	Lord Julian Wade was his name.	0
If we think we are bound by a certain take on the world that prevailed in 1787, 1791, or 1868, then we should decide whose sentiments matter.	There were some schools of thought that prevailed in 1787.	0
This was the temper of the times.	There was an emotional state of the time.	0
It's too bad that the noise about Finkelstein has drowned out his co-writer, Birn.	There has been some noise about Finkelstein and very little about his co-writer.	0
One of the devastating consequences of heart disease is the irreparable damage it does to the heart muscle.	The damage heart disease does to the heart muscle is devastating.	0
Last year, 17% of the Museum's operating budget came from loyal donors' contributions.	Less than a quarter of the Museum's operating budget last year came from donations.	0
I want to say that there wasn't any danger of going in with the bomb because it would not explode, regardless of how hard it hit the ground.	The bomb had no chance of exploding.	0
And she had tuberculosis and I never knew that either.	I didn't know she had TB.	0
For Ballinger's warnings, see Ed Ballinger interview (Apr. 14, 2004).	Ed Ballinger issued several warning during his interview.	0
yeah i like those movies that you watch time and time again	Sometimes I like a movie so much I can watch it over and over again.	0
Should I be praising him more?	I'm wondering if he needs more appreciation from me.	0
you know all my children excel they're they're really good and i guess no he learns from the older boys too but	He has learned from the older male children but all of my offspring outshine.	0
Thus, the demographic data for the same 5-Digit ZIP Code could be averaged into the totals for two different quartiles.	Demographic data could be averaged.	0
Which leaves us with Armey.	We are left with Armey	0
probably and they do it for how long you've been a member i think too	I think it depends on how long you've been a member.	0
Multiply the logarithm of the number of microstates per macrostate by the probability that the system is in that macrostate.	Probability is involved in the calculations.	0
The conventional wisdom in Washington this week is that young writers such as Glass who crack up deserve sympathy because the system pressures them into becoming stars before they are journeymen.	Glass is a writer.	0
Chinese cooking lands in Cuba, and Cuban-Chinese cuisine is invented.	There is a mixture in Chinese and Cuban cuisines.	0
Plans to house parliament here after Independence came to nothing	The Parliament was never housed here.	0
This statement was issued the day after the financial markets reopened.	The financial markets were closed for at least one day.	0
Due to the generosity of Indiana tax law, a contribution to the University of any amount up to $200 will only cost you half that amount--less the deduction you claim on your federal tax return.	Indiana tax laws make it easier for you to contribute to the University.	0
Indeed, one of the interesting features of technology graphs is that they constitute the proper conceptual framework to consider process and product design simultaneously.	Graphs show you the right framework.	0
But if he uses the grammer, vocabularly, and idiom of the standard English found in newspapers, books, magazines, and news bulletins, then all we notice about his speech is his accent--and possibly his intonation.	His accent and possibly his intonation are what is noticeable when he uses standard English grammer and vocabulary.	0
The pachuco was disdained in the U.S. by both the Mexican American and Anglo communities, and likewise in Mexico by the media and the intellectuals.	In the United States Mexican Americans and anglo Americans thought the pachuco unworthy.	0
These open-air markets are also the most interesting places to shop in Beijing.	Beijing has open-air markets that include very interesting shops.	0
We would go in there.	We would enter.	0
Mihdhar received a new U.S. visa two days after the CIA-FBI meeting in New York.	Mihdhar had a US Visa to enter the country.	0
Locust Hill uh-huh right oh great	Yes, that is right, Locust Hill.	0
oh yeah yeah that's a great place to visit that really is yeah	It's a lovely place to visit.	0
Include such factors as short time frames, the deletion of original computer files, and the lack of access to needed documents.	They deleted the original computer files.	0
Adobe homes and buildings provide a sense of security and protection from outside noise with their two-to-four-foot thick walls.	People live in adobe homes.	0
and given given that knowledge and stuff with it and he seems to enjoy it	He likes it, from what I can tell.	0
These link the main public beaches (from Warwick Long Bay to Horseshoe Bay).	Some beaches are public.	0
The  an inadvertent omission of a hyphen from the computer's mass of coded mathematical ascent guidance instructions.	A missing hyphen might cause problems with computer instructions.	0
and it still scared me	I was still scared.	0
I appreciate your consideration and hope that you will participate in this year's Annual Campaign.	I hope you will donate to the Annual Campaign.	0
when they're passed on or something i didn't quite understand it	I was a little confused.	0
In response to researchers' queries, they frequently say that babies should be trained to be self-reliant from the  rst few months.	They say babies should be independent.	0
Unlike other not-for-profit theatres in the city, our actors make their living from their craft.	There is more than one not-for-profit theater in the city.	0
So I'm not really sure why.	I don't know why that happened.	0
On Aug. 25, after the Democratic convention had opened in Atlantic City, N.J., Johnson, then 56 years old, threatened in three recorded conversations to withdraw from the presidential race.	Johnson threatened to withdraw.	0
'Without this explanation, the information that surname is from French surnom seems to me to be of very little interest.	Without the explanation, the french word Surnom meaning surname is not particularly fascinating.	0
Enclosed is a reply card and envelope with the hope that you will consider beginning 1994 with a gift to IU.	I hope you will send us money.	0
The tone of the amendment remains deferential to the states' control of the electoral process, even for national office.	The states rule the electoral process.	0
I ask you to join me in renewing your pledge of support to the University Libraries at IUPUI, and to consider increasing that contribution.	The IUPUI needs support.	0
This is what Sidewalk  It recorded the URLs of TicketMaster's transaction pages, where you buy tickets for specific shows.	Sidewalk It made a recording.	0
The Clinton Birthplace Foundation offers full membership privileges to those who pay only $10.	You can be a member for the Clinton Birthplace Foundation.	0
False identities are used by terrorists to avoid being detected on a watchlist.	Terrorists create fake identities to avoid detection.	0
Dubai, a modern city with easy access to a major airport, travel agencies, hotels, and Western commercial establishments, was an ideal transit point.	Dubai was a convenient transit point.	0
Thus, dents are called nudgies , and major dents--the ones that require more than $500 to repair-- are owies .	They give names to the different dents.	0
That sits in shadow of Apollo's tree.	The place where it sits is in a shadow made from Apollo's tree.	0
Inglish differs from English in five  words, expressions, grammar, pronunciation and rhythm.	Inglish is different from English.	0
Besides LNL and Allenbrand-Drews, the suit names as defendants Gary Allenbrand and Loren Drews, principals of Allenbrand-Drews; and developers or contractors R.L.	Allenbrand and Drews are getting sued.	0
Captain,  he said, and as he spoke he pointed to the pursuing ships,  Colonel Bishop holds us.	There were ships chasing after them.	0
Prototype Engineering prototypes (virtual or Production representative prototypes Initial products physical)	There are several types of prototypes.	0
Intelligence report, 1996 Atef study on airplane hijacking operations, Sept. 26, 2001.	There was a study about airplane hijackings in 1996.	0
Newsweek runs a rant bemoaning the glitzification of the Hamptons.	Newsweek published a story about the Hamptons.	0
Should you switch to Linux?	Should you change your operating system to Linux?	0
From the air you'll be able to see that Sarawak boasts the country's longest river, the Rejang, flowing 563 km (351 miles) from the mountains on the Indonesian border to the South China Sea.	The Rejan is over 300 miles long.	0
The island's tranquility lasted until 1287, when Alfonso III of Aragen, smarting over a series of humiliations at the hands of his nobles, found a pretext for invasion.	The island was very quiet.	0
In 1990 the Program established the Elton T. Ridley Distinguished Service Award.	They started the award in 1990.	0
and uh gosh sticks in my mind he paid eighteen hundred dollars for a parrot and that was just mind boggling	I could not believe he paid $1800 for a parrot.	0
Publications by early American travelers to the Southwest and Mexico depict the Spanish Mexicans in not only horrendous terms, but with extreme passion.	Early Americans depicted Spanish Mexicans negatively.	0
Parents who deliver praise not based on real attainment actually undermine their child's development.	Children's development is helped if they are praised on things they do do.	1
It seems silly to separate Gruyare the cheese from Gruyare the place in Switzerland whence it comes' indeed, the latter is not even an entry in the geographical sections of either dictionary.	Gruyare makes the best cheese.	1
Still, the inevitable death of Pokemon presents us with the opportunity to create the replacement phenom and cash in on it.	Digimon will be the cash cow that will replace Pokemon after its death.	1
Through her and through you.	The bullet went cleanly through both participants.	1
The impassioned cover story warns that America's national parks are being ruined by overcrowding, underfunding, invasion by exotic plant and animal species, and commercial development.	The national parks are so crowded the deer are extinct.	1
My dream is to see every American become part of the Olympic family, so please give whatever you can.	I believe all Americans are natural-born athletes.	1
In Riyadh, he told his brothers that he had been on jihad in Chechnya.	All three of his brothers had intended to travel to Chechnya.	1
It's obvious that our discussion must rest until this ambitious book is published.	After this book is published, we will schedule a meeting and then continue our discussion.	1
He observed her pale and tense, with parted lips and startled eyes that were fixed upon him, an anxious witness of this deciding of her fate.	She was afraid he would kill her.	1
Time interviews Deborah Eappen, grieving mother in the Louise Woodward au pair case.	Debrah Eappen did not like giving an interview to Time.	1
issues of alcohol use among injured patients are not in the purview of the trauma team	There is a separate counseling unit that meet with patients after they leave the trauma unit.	1
You should have seen the danger.	You need to pay more attention.	1
Consequently, adults do not need to  tutor  preschoolers in pretending, as they sometimes do when helping them master puzzles or other similar tasks.	Preschoolers lack the necessary spatial modeling skills to master puzzles on their own.	1
A frown rumpled her brow.	She felt a sickening feeling in her stomach.	1
Some 1,400 years before the Palace of Estei was erected, Milreu was also the large country house of an eminent person.	Milreu was 10 miles from anything.	1
Of all the unsatisfactory people I EVER met--	This is the most unsatisfactory person I have ever met in my life.	1
196), for instance, we learn that  the original lingua franca (Italian, Frankish language) was a hybrid language.	Some languages get made up by children.	1
Here's the results so far: 5,615 targeted to our non-donor alumni, 81 1.4 percent, largest donation was, and the $2,840 smallest was $5.	Most people gave more than $1000.	1
Ah, fourth grade was a lot of fun.	I liked fourth grade because we had two recesses.	1
Fearing to betray the latter, she took refuge in the former.	She considered hiding in either one.	1
The call to the UAE was originally reported by the CIA on May 16.	Other agencies reported the call to the UAE on May 17.	1
Similarly, the CFO Act, GMRA, and GPRA have placed new demands on federal finance organizations.	These demands hare required a twenty percent increase in staffing levels.	1
oh oh my word well that sounds adventuresome	That seems like either a lot of fun or rrally boring.	1
That was the primary thing we wanted to save since there wasn't any way to dump a 20-megaton H-bomb off a 30, a C124.	We wanted to save the h-bomb because it was so hard to deal with.	1
Mihdhar received a new U.S. visa two days after the CIA-FBI meeting in New York.	Mihdhar was given a Visa because he was not a threat.	1
There had been trouble with Bishop from the moment of landing.	There had been trouble with Bishop because nobody likes him.	1
-An extensive slide show library on a variety of theatre topics,	The theater has a lot of slide shows about past performances.	1
It was not a bicultural or binational position, but rather a position between cultures, a  hanging in space  position.	The cultures shared some common practices and traditions.	1
The least cited reason was to maintain inhouse core	Inhouse core does not matter much.	1
oh God course the name just uh the name just slipped my mind but it's the Peace of Parliament	I often have trouble recalling names on the spot.	1
The Clinton administration's position is that the Internet should be a federal duty-free zone.	The Clinton administration does not support lowering taxes.	1
So now, here it is, he wants it today.	He says he would like to get the final project by 5pm.	1
Just because nurture has a more significant effect on athletic performance doesn't mean that nature lies dormant, though.	Most serious athletes train at least eight hours every week.	1
I do my best,  said she.	She said that she does her best only on Fridays.	1
No, she was born in 1900 because she was 16, and so it must have been like in 1926, 19, you know, before, before 1930.	She was born January 1, 1900.	1
Multiply the logarithm of the number of microstates per macrostate by the probability that the system is in that macrostate.	Multiplying the logarithm will lead to a new breakthrough in science.	1
One of the devastating consequences of heart disease is the irreparable damage it does to the heart muscle.	Heart disease affects millions of people each year.	1
I didn't have time to enter in all kinds of whatever.	I could have finished entering it in later.	1
There's a consolation prize for humanity, though.	The consolation prize is a free two speed blender for every person.	1
Fiscal year 2000 was a tremendous year of accomplishment and achievement for GAO a a year of great service to the Congress and of great benefit to the American taxpayer.	2000 was excellent because Congress passed more bills than ever before.	1
I was coming out on the Royal Mary....	The Royal Mary was carrying me to Jamaica.	1
Forty-four pilot projects submitted reports for the first round of performance reporting in 1995.	There were more pilot programs, but only forty-four submitted reports.	1
Properly implemented, this approach provides reasonable assurance that a trip occurred.	The approach makes sure travel reimbursement is legit.	1
Meanwhile Ogle was growing impatient.	Ogle had been waiting a long time.	1
Wait!  Blood bade him, interrupting, and he set a restraining hand upon the gunner's arm.	Blood needed to speak privately to the gunner.	1
Including emergency room visits in a benefits analysis that already considers hospital admissions, for example, will result in double counting of some benefits if the category hospital admissions includes emergency room visits.	Hospital admissions double count some benefits if the patient is uninsured.	1
The series also included Operation Infinite Resolve, a variety of proposed follow-on strikes on al Qaeda targets in Afghanistan.	One of these plans involved bombing seven different suspected safe houses.	1
did you go to museums in Europe	I bet you loved visiting Europe.	1
Left to its own devices, this reaction is exergonic and, in the presence of excess trimers compared to the equilibrium ratio of hexamer to trimers, will flow exergonically toward equilibrium by synthesizing the hexamer.	This reaction, if not interfered with, can go on for millennia.	1
These open-air markets are also the most interesting places to shop in Beijing.	The open-air markets in Beijing are the most interesting in the world.	1
She was a light-skinned black person.	She was lighter than the rest of her black friends.	1
Finally, if the data you assessed are not sufficiently reliable, you should include this finding in the report and recommend that the audited entity take corrective action.	Keeping physical receipts is one way to increase data reliability.	1
So, I don't have any specific stories.	There are a lot of stores.	1
For example, one organization that we studied had experienced two mergers that required the company to quickly integrate the new businesses and restructure to meet growing business needs.	Merging two companies into one organization and restructuring resulted in a chaotic work environment.	1
So how many readers does Slate have?	Slate has 1 billion readers, right?	1
Across from the square are the back streets of Laleli, the place to look for low-priced clothes.	Cheap clothes are for sale in Laleli if you go to the right boutiques.	1
Daniel Yamins is a brilliant young mathematician.	Mr. Yamins's focus is algebraic geometry.	1
In other words, what happens is something like the legerdemain of a magician's now-you-see-it-now-you-don't.	What happens is a huge surprise for the audience.	1
Faith, you explain yourself after a fashion,  said he.	While it takes some time, there is always an explanation given.	1
Performing before more than 6,500 students from K-12, for state professional conferences, for a Pan-Am Media Event and for the U.S.	All the 6,500 students who will be present have pre-registered for the performance.	1
For example, such words as erale (what's happening, or O.K.)	Erale is not a commonly used word.	1
uh-huh you don't feel as though that that's a decision you're comfortable with because	What could make you feel more comfortable with that decision?	1
Heave to, Captain, and signal them to send a boat, and assure themselves that Miss is here.	Miss had arrived rather early and as a result, the boat had yet to come ashore.	1
They also show a decline in self-con dence and motivation, expressing doubts about their own ability and retreating from challenging problems.	Their lack of motivation and doubts in their abilities stem from past failures.	1
They imagine a dyadic conception of government'the individual pitted against the state.	The dyadic government was unstable due to an imbalance of power and feelings of frustration by the people.	1
It's 30 or 40 U2 aircraft, and we'd started the training Chinese pilots, British pilots in them, just all over the, the world that we were allies with.	We trained for 5 weeks with the British.	1
Among the many jazz clubs are the famed Jazz Bakery in Culver City, the Catalina Bar and Grill in Hollywood, and the Baked Potato in North Hollywood.	There aren't many jazz clubs in Los Angeles.	1
I made my Indianapolis debut as a stage director a month ago with Inherit the Wind, a classic of the American stage, attended by more than 5,500 junior high and high school students.	I have directed other plays since then.	1
Thus, the demographic data for the same 5-Digit ZIP Code could be averaged into the totals for two different quartiles.	Demographic data could be averaged.	1
Then I get it and I'm like great, What do I do with it?	I don't know how I was supposed to use the contraption.	1
To the horror of some Western readers, however, he was at least once quoted out of context as having threatened to  bury  America.	He actually wanted to buy beer for America, but a speech impediment kept him from expressing this clearly.	1
Sometimes it is the sneakiest, too.	It makes very little noise thanks to a carefully insulated engine.	1
TVA installed a construction bypass to send gas from the air preheater outlet directly to the FGD, while the ESP was being demolished and the SCR reactor erected in its place.	The bypass will send gas to the FGD in Russia.	1
Whether the lack of coordination between the FDNY and NYPD on September 11 had a catastrophic effect has been the subject of controversy.	The NYPD was responsible for the lack of coordination.	1
We didn't know where they were going.	We didn't know where the group was traveling on the interstate.	1
And he was, my grandfather was not a nice man.	My grandpa was really racist and mean.	1
it's pretty much going between Washington they're undefeated and uh Buffalo New Orleans and Chicago because Chicago's only lost twice and one of those was to Buffalo	Buffalo has the best team overall.	1
This is Fannie Flono, and she grew up in Ag-- Augusta, GA, and she is going to talk about some stories from her childhood.	Fannie Flono was able to speak to us today despite her busy schedule.	1
The general principle of equal treatment, as we have elaborated it, lends itself to the argument for limiting freedom of speech.	People are afraid of being exposed.	1
The sea is reached only by narrow lanes and farm tracks, but it's worth a trek to get away from the crowds.	The ocean has little paths that are 2 feet wide leading to it.	1
To better help us assist you, write, fax or E-mail and tell us more about yourself.	We do a better job at matching you with a date if we know a lot about you.	1
1Authority to prescribe fuel economy standards under section 32902 has been delegated by the Secretary to the Administrator of NHTSA.	The Secretary to the Administrator has many other duties as well.	1
First, we use volume per capita for each country to approximate pieces per possible stop.	Big countries fared better with this system.	1
yeah there you you know usually there's uh i have a a farm a hundred miles east of here in East Texas	I bought a farm in Texas 10 years ago.	1
knowing all the while that, having known, I always will know this torn, singular voice	I know that voice because it belongs to my mom.	1
Good-morning to you,  he said, and added  I've blundered badly, so I have.	He had said good morning to him out of respect.	1
See Intelligence reports, interrogations of KSM, July 1, 2003; Sept. 5, 2003.	During his interrogation KSM mostly discussed his thoughts on water polo.	1
It is critical that we educate Americans about the importance of Philanthropy that we develop a new generation of informed and committed leaders.	We should use public schools to teach Americans about the importance of philanthropy.	1
On behalf of President Bush, I look forward to working with you in the future.	President Bush and I will be working with you on the new health initiatives.	1
This is Chief Master Sergeant Clem Francis, retired from the US Air Force.	The Chief just recently retired a few weeks ago.	1
After two centuries of religious heresy, the Church needed a spiritual renewal, finding the perfect ally in Francis of Assisi (1182-1226), pious without being troublesomely militant.	The Church got a lot of monetary support from Francis of Assisi.	1
Some of its residents are descendants of the valiant laborers who helped build the Canadian Pacific Railway.	The great great grandkids of the laborers live there.	1
Today, tour groups come for short stays and, as everywhere in Bali, standards and prices are steadily going up.	Tour groups go to see the temples in Bali.	1
the the extra nickel or what is it extra thirty cents for a for a for six bottles everybody everybody comes across the border  to buy the cheaper the the cheaper drinks	Most people cross the border in order to get the drinks cheaper.	1
Approximately 25% of the current Cathedral student body receives some amount of financial assistance.	A quarter of our students get all their tuition paid for.	1
Anyway, they come up with this invention of the high O2 regulator.	They invented a regulator that worked in space.	1
Any higher form of thinking, he pointed out,  rst appears in social communication, between the child and representatives of his or her culture as they engage in a joint activity.	Fishing is one popular activity shared among many different cultures.	1
Last year, 17% of the Museum's operating budget came from loyal donors' contributions.	The Museum had a total operating budget of $10 million last year.	1
oh goodness well i was an English major so i like to read period	I have been reading since I can remember.	1
If adjectives soften ethnic terms, nouns can harden them.	Nouns that are ethnic terms linguistically solidify our understanding of ethnicity in a false way.	1
One segment of the armed forces is the Construction Batallion, which was quickly abbreviated to C.B.	The Construction Batallion is one of the most important branches of the armed forces.	1
If one had the 1984 edition, he might well resent having to buy this book rather than a briefer (and less expensive) Supplement.	The 1984 edition is the best of the lot.	1
And with notes of pride, those rags that have earned pejorative names in the local lore use those sobriquets in private correspondence, saloon chat, and unofficial resumes.	Those papers have a lot of gossip from the housewives.	1
For example, one state capital that we visited is home to over 600 software companies.	Capital cities are the best places for software companies.	1
And she shivered at the memory of it.	She was trying not to think of the event that took place.	1
We had full pressure suits there in the aircraft just, just like the astronauts wore, except ours was totally silver, silver uh, boot and everything, to reflect heat, of course.	You can get the suits in any color you want.	1
So I heard,  she admitted in a small voice.	She spoke quietly because she was afraid.	1
Often the only person who can cure caada de mollera is a curandera.	Curanderas also cure the flu.	1
More, we can actually predict their size distribution.	A visual graph can be charted, representing their size distribution.	1
The town's other great Roman monument, the theatre antique, is on the south side of town.	The theater is on the last street on the south end of town.	1
After 9/11, Motassadeq admitted to German authorities that Shehhi had asked him to handle matters in a way that would conceal Shehhi's absence.	Motassadeq was supposed to hide that Shehhi was missing from New York City.	1
This was the temper of the times.	The temper of the times was negative.	1
This week the Enquirer offers a preview of Ken Starr's report on the great love affair, which will enumerate romps in the Presidential limo, the Oval Office and even the LINCOLN BEDROOM!	The Enquirer had pictures of Clinton's desk.	1
Some of the book's lexical entries are questionable.	The book's confusing lexical choices made the content confusing.	1
1 People do a better job than computers of adjusting fabric alignment through sewing machines and compensating for prior sewing and cutting errors.	It will take a long time before computers can fully replace humans in making clothes.	1
He was found to have confederates on both sides of the border.	He was well-liked by all of the confederates.	1
And, uh, one of my jobs at the time was training individuals how to put parachutes on a nuclear weapons trigger to, uh, which detonates the atomic bomb itself.	You only need a tiny bit of force to pull the atomic bomb trigger.	1
Alien farmworkers move frequently within the United States.	Immigrants move to the north in the summer.	1
Protection of transportation, energy, emergency services, financial services, and communication systems is becoming increasingly important because they rely heavily on information technology.	It is easy for hackers to target transportation and energy systems.	1
He rhymed it with pandemonium ; judging from the lawsuits which proliferate over condominium parking spaces, balcony barbecues, and pets pooping in the halls, he might have been right to use the neologism.	He wrote a poem with the word.	1
Forming part of the city wall, the gate was intended by the more pragmatic Prussians not so much as a triumphal arch as an imposing tollgate for collecting duties.	The gate was for people to charge $10 to go through.	1
In 1863 the nation still desired to create  a more perfect Union,  but it had in addition a past that both inspired and troubled the newly indigenous psyche.	The nation was changing because of the political unrest in 1863.	1
But they were divided about like who were the field hands and who were the house kids, it was kind of--	They couldn't agree who should work in the cotton field and who should mop the floors.	1
Levasseur?  He smiled a little.	He kept his mouth closed as he smiled a bit.	1
yeah and anytime you try to walk down the uh the ushers would always tell you to go back	The ushers won't let you go to the next level of the stadium.	1
Seen any shepherds on Broadway lately or even mentioned in The New York Times?	Broadway is too scared to make a show about shepherds.	1
WHAT IS THE SENIOR CHALLENGE?	We challenge seniors to walk a mile every day.	1
23, 2004 (nearly two-thirds of the known leaders of al Qaeda had been killed or captured).	Al Qaeda was a relatively flat organization that was still able to function with minimal leadership.	1
Case files may need to be translated for those clients who read a language other than English.	Case files can be put in Chinese or Russian.	1
In the same way, manual typewriters depend on the full force of the fingers to create words, rather than on electric (or electronic) assistance.	Typewriters required no electric components.	1
You may be right, and you may be wrong.	You may be right about several situations, but you may be wrong too.	1
Please understand that Federal Regulations prohibit FAA personnel, XXXX Airlines, and all other air carriers from sharing specific information regarding this program with the public.	The FAA can't discuss staffing information.	1
Sometimes this personal process of maturity or decay (take your pick) is reinforced by what's happening in the culture.	Most people see this personal process, which is mirrored in today's culture, as decay rather than maturity.	1
Her sister's husband was light-skinned too.	her brother in law was swedish.	1
Gerald L. Bepko 1995 United Way of Central Indiana Campaign Chair	Bepko was elected by the popular vote.	1
Caller says,  Thank you for taking my call.	The caller was so glad someone was there to listen.	1
Thus, when PP is in high concentration, it tends to inhibit its own resynthesis.	When PP is more than 85% concentration, it usually inhibits its own resynthesis.	1
In fact there are well over one hundred syllothetic modifiers.	There are 200 syllothetic modifiers.	1
I... I can't think why you should speak to me like this,  she said, with less than her earlier assurance.	She was good friends with him, so it hurt her that he spoke to her like that.	1
This group of donors will directly help the Chancellor meet immediate needs of faculty, students, and staff.	The group of donors will have a representative who will meet the Chancellor.	1
Among the 27 hiking trails the best are the Glasgow Lakes trail to John Deer Lake and the trail around Beulach Ban Falls and French Mountain.	All of these trails are located within the a one hour drive of each other.	1
If there was anything I could do.	I think I could have done something to save him.	1
On a ranch you might hear someone say,  Today we've got to cut those penned steers,  meaning perhaps `separate out the ones to be shipped.	People struggle with the lingo on the ranch.	1
Some Port Authority civilian employees remained on various upper floors to help civilians who were trapped and to assist in the evacuation.	Some Port Authority employees sacrificed their lives to help civilians evacuate.	1
43 Tommy Franks, the commanding general of Central Command (CENTCOM), told us that the President was dissatisfied.	There had been several recent reversals and the President blamed General Franks.	1
throw a Coke ad in there	Put a soft drink ad up.	1
Hence, there is a countable, or denumerable, infinity of computer programs.	Something that is countable must also be denumerable.	1
Section 8 discharge is ordered for this incorrigible company fxxxup.	That person is being discharged.	1
Ajaj had entered the United States on a B-2 tourist visa at New York City on September 9, 1991.	Ajaj's tourist visa was supposed to last 6 months.	1
But uh, they lived in a little country town outside of Augusta called Evans, and Evans still exists, and that's where a lot of my relatives still, still are too.	They had twenty family members living in Evans.	1
FBI report of investigation, interview of Jennifer Stangel, Sept. 14, 2001.	Jennifer Stangel was interviewed for the first time on September 14.	1
You'll find these in various sizes and with different decoration.	They are decorated with sequins and stickers.	1
Personally, Prudie is not wild about boyfriend and girlfriend for people over 30, and she loathes the term lover except when used by European women.	Prudie enjoys being around European women.	1
Ah, another thing that happened there that I thought was interesting was one of the first memories of my sister, and that was in that very same backyard.	I remembered picking daisies in the backyard.	1
Which camp is right has enormous public health consequences.	All camps have public health consequences.	1
Uh, I spent much of my time in, uh, Special Activities.	I was in Special Activities every other day.	1
An entrance tunnel with a kitchen alcove on one side, and storage alcoves on the other, leads to the main living area.	The living area is through a tunnel that is almost a mile long.	1
But being equal is not equivalent to being the same, identical, or similar.	Unique people can still be equal.	1
Steven E. Landsburg exhibited a rather alarming disregard for common sense in his recent article Tax the Knickers Off Your Grandchildren.	Steven E. Landsburg is usually reasonable.	1
According to a Board official, the Board's section 605(b) certifications were not provided separately to the Small Business Administration (SBA) Chief Counsel for Advocacy.	The Board didn't give the SBA certifications and they left that up to the assessor's office.	1
The courthouse is not the only political circus in Washington this morning.	The political day likely starts in the morning.	1
So I'm like, Oh my gosh, and Ramona was standing there.	Ramona was silently judging me.	1
At 10:45 conferees were told to hold off  on Defcon 3, but a minute later the order was reinstated.	When Defcon 3 is in effect all military leave is canceled until further notice.	1
Pachucas were the girlfriends of the pachucos, but they also had a dress style all their own.	Pachucas wore more clothes than pachucos.	1
And it was, he never really had to do anything for himself.	He gets help with his meals and clothes.	1
which is a little unusual but its done through the auspices	It's unusual for the people to look like that.	1
It is widely known that saving from current income is the way to accumulate assets and repay past borrowing, thus increasing net worth.	Saving money now is a way to accrue assets and be able to retire earlier.	1
You know, you can't, you cannot survive if you don't have any counter pressure, increase breathing pressure in those altitudes.	You need counter pressure above 5000 feet.	1
The housemate who rented the room to Hazmi and Mihdhar during 2000 is an apparently law-abiding citizen with long-standing, friendly contacts among local police and FBI personnel.	Hazmi and Mihdhar rented a room for the whole year, for $500 a day.	1
In 2003, these designations were eliminated; all international terrorism matters now receive the same designation, 315.	All terrorism matters are given the top label for importance.	1
In addition, make the limitations of the data clear, so that incorrect or unintentional conclusions will not be drawn from the data.	it's important to show the limits of the data or people will make bad inferences that will ruin the study.	1
I hope you will help us continue the Olympic tradition of excellence.	You will be the next Olympic athletes to win gold.	1
Not for his niece, not for his daughter, not for his own mother, would he forgo the blood what he thinks due to him.	He wanted revenge more than anything else in the world.	1
Blood's thoughts were upon this and other things as he lounged there on the day-bed.	Blood was thinking hard about the last time he saw his mother.	1
they do it as a labor of love so the officer idea is a good idea	Other people think the officer thing is a great idea.	1
I find nothing interesting, entertaining, or useful about any of the following, which are fairly typical of the	I am bored.	1
and then the second thing i'd probably look at is uh what they can afford	They can not usually afford too much.	1
As an Inner Circle member you can expect some of the finest seats on the reviewing stand for the world's greatest celebration of democracy --the 52nd American Presidential Inauguration.	The best seats to view the American Presidential Inauguration can only be acquired by Inner circle members.	1
Al Qaeda and terrorism was just one more priority added to already-crowded agendas with countries like Pakistan and Saudi Arabia.	Al Qaeda was added to the top of the priority list.	1
Russia is facing increasing challenges in the Chechen war.	Russia isn't sure of how to act.	1
The folks at L'academie Internationale des Arts et des Sciences Numeriques have innovated a clever variant on this trick.	The people at the school made a version of the experiement.	1
H. H. Richardson's influence was considerably shorter-lived, but for at least 20 years Richardsonian Romanesque rolled over the United States like an  aesthetic Juggernaut,  in Cram's colorful phrase.	Richardson was only influential for a year.	1
The world's oldest and largest university press--Oxford--has just announced that it is canceling its poetry list.	The prestige university does not have the funding to keep the poetry list active.	1
He may be right, and he may be wrong.	He is both right and wrong.	1
These capabilities were insufficient, but little was done to expand or reform them.	They didn't change their surveillance program much.	1
No one seems to know if these sports are played on a court with a net, against a wall, or both.	There are variations of this sport that can involve a net and a ball.	1
Mihdhar complained about life in the United States.	Mihdhar complained to several close friends in Pakistan.	1
An organizationas sourcing strategy is part of a larger human capital development strategy, which is discussed in principle VI.	Principle IV deals with capital development strategy in Fortune 500 organizations.	1
72 And as I indicated in Chapter 2, the blend of warmth and expectations for mature behavior that make up authoritative parenting is linked to skilled peer interaction as well.	Authoritative parenting creates children who can function well in society.	1
Split Ends a Cosmetology Shop is a nice example of appositional elegance combined with euphemism in the appositive and the low key or off-beat opening.	Split Ends is for edgy people.	1
Banquet is not nearly parquet,	The dinner party is on linoleum.	1
I wonder, now,  he said presently,  if the mischief is of your working.	The source of the mischief was not yours alone.	1
Lamar Alexander's way out is worth noting, though it doesn't rise to the level of illogic.	Lamar Alexander's way out is not popular within the group.	1
Anyway, we deployed and I can tell now be, because of this that, that, that, uh, we deployed to Kadina, Okinawa, and this was in 1968.	We sent our troops to Japan in June 1968.	1
Claiming to have been suspicious of the entire transaction, the administrator distanced himself from Hazmi and Mihdhar, but not before they had received the assistance they needed.	The assistance consisted of cash and help procuring travel documents.	1
In November, we sent letters sharing with you a story about the Boys &amp; Girls Club, a wonderful, positive place for children and youth in our community.	We send letters out in honor of Thanksgiving.	1
They originated in the small village of San Augustin Acolman located near the pyramids in Teotihuacan.	San Augustin Acolman has less than 1,000 residents.	1
There are nationalities and ethnic groups so confident, so satisfied with themselves that ethnic epithets either bounce off them like pebbles off an elephant or are adopted as amusing or even ornamental.	Some ethnic groups are really proud because they win all the wars.	1
To see some of Cluny's impact on the surrounding countryside, visit a few of the villages whose Romanesque churches were built by Cluny's architects and  among them, Saint-Vincent-des-Pres, Taize, Berze-la-Ville, and Malay.	Visit all of the villages.	1
Look out for coconut rum and other fruit rums there's a tremendous variety.	There are rums made of any tropical fruit.	1
Being an institution that promotes education and learning through the connection of people and the natural world around them, the Society is actively preparing for continued success in the future.	The Society is primarily looking out for their own long-term benefit.	1
Using these eight simple techniques, you can fabricate a news story in the comfort of your own home.	Writing news stories in your pajamas is easy and financially rewarding if you follow these eight steps.	1
In a book dealing with a subject of this sort one must be extremely careful to cleave to rigid definitions of the key terms ( euphemism, dysphemism, taboo , etc.) and not deviate from them.	The book talks about how the words are used in medicine.	1
I got orders to go to Del Rio, TX, so when I arrived out there, well, I found out I had to go to Laughlin Air Force Base.	The Air Force sent me to Del Rio, Tx in 2001.	1
Grant such a Hamiltonian, say a spin-glass Hamiltonian, where a spin glass is a disordered magnetic material.	A spin glass is a very strong magnet.	1
Say break, steak, but bleak and streak.	Say bend.	1
She should be able to do the assignment, just like everyone else!	She may have missed some note and does not fully understand the assignment.	1
yeah people who who could be at work at any time or whose decisions could be clouded if they had to make a decision	Yeah, people who might not be hungry.	1
The man was shot by police and then killed himself on the aircraft while it was still on the ground at the airport.	The man was attempting to use the aircraft to escape.	1
Thus, as the diversity of the objects in the web increases, the diversity of prospective niches for new goods and services increases even more rapidly!	You can sell socks instead of just clothes.	1
Both of these can be altered without altering the anticodon-codon matching mechanism.	The alterations are very extreme.	1
In the interests of promoting candor and protecting privacy, we agreed not to identify most individuals we interviewed.	We interviewed a total of fifteen subjects for this report.	1
For a record of the exchange between John and Dave, see CIA emails, Dave to John, May 17, 18, 24, 2001; CIA email, Richard to Alan, identification of Khallad, July 13, 2001.	Dave sent John exactly one email on May 18, 2001.	1
Forty years ago one student, Betty Groh Tower, entered the Medical Record Administration Program to become our first graduate.	Betty Groh Tower is the only person to have completed the Medical Record Administration Program	1
The conventional wisdom about the musical Ragtime continues to fluctuate.	Young adults do not know anything about the musical Ragtime.	1
That is not in the bargain.	That is not in the bargain because it wouldn't be fair.	1
Oh, but--by your leave--surely there is nothing to be apprehended from Colonel Bishop.	The Bishop was supposed to apprehend a criminal.	1
Postal Service more vulnerable than other postal administrations to cream skimming.	Shipping junk mail is an important part of Postal Service income.	1
Your membership will provide you with admittance to our members only activities as well as full credentials to all official Convention sessions.	You will get in to the members-only events that are held bi-weekly.	1
'Without this explanation, the information that surname is from French surnom seems to me to be of very little interest.	French translations are not interesting without any explanations to them.	1
He came, he opened the door and I remember looking back and seeing the expression on his face, and I could tell that he was disappointed.	He was trying not to make us feel guilty but we knew we had caused him trouble.	1
Sea temperatures vary between 18e and 24e C (64-75e F).	See temperatures are higher during the day, when it is warmer.	1
Two concepts that appear often in the literature may be useful in informing future research.	The literature can change how we test samples.	1
If you're feeling up to it, push on along the Mist Trail, past Emerald Pool, to Nevada Fall, and you'll begin to lose the crowds.	Nevada Falls is a great hike with a few people on it.	1
He had found the only way, and repellent though it might be to him, he must take it.	He was certainly going crazy at the idea of having to grab it.	1
The only book question on the NEA survey is Have you read any literature in the past year?	The NEA is too busy to ask detailed questions concerning literature on their surveys.	1
The Teacher of the Year program is sponsored by Scholastic Inc., best known among impressionable school children for distributing cool magazines whose exclusive advertiser is the U.S.	The Teacher of the Year award is a huge honor.	1
Finally, he directed Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill to craft a plan to target al Qaeda's funding and seize its assets.	Paul O'Neill did not want to develop a plan.	1
And it was like she was rejecting who she was, in some ways, by, you know, the way she treated you know, the other grandchildren.	She treated the other grandkids differently because they were black.	1
Then el abuelo would say,  Pues que recen y se acuesten  (Well, let them pray and go to bed).	We were supposed to pray for 10 minutes before bed.	1
In past centuries, however, it was the haunt of Caribbean pirates, being far from the clutches of colonial overlords in Havana, San Juan in Puerto Rico, and Panama City, the nearest colonial outposts.	There were 100 pirate ships in Puerto rico.	1
Numerous PAPD officers were also climbing in the South Tower, including the PAPD ESU team.	Each officer was carrying over twenty pound of equipment on them.	1
no not necessarily um it can be in house people who help you handle X amount of dollars	You certainly need help if you are trying to handle X amount of dollars.	1
no problem at all and uh if you get one of these mats you know go to a store they normally have these exercise things these ABCs of physical fitness on them	Some stores have yoga mats and training guides.	1
The 1989 National Mail Count was conducted for 24 delivery days from September 5 to October 2, 1989, and included 44,775 rural routes out of a total of 46,197.	The National Mail count keep track of personal mail.	1
Nothing stands out about any of them with respect to the only security layer that was relevant to the actual  checkpoint screening.	Checkpoint screenings rely entirely on the intuition of the customs agent performing the screening.	1
Besides the lexicon, grammar--especially syntax--has changed somewhat, too, though again not so much as to be incomprehensible to the average modern reader.	People who have trouble with grammar could certainly have trouble understanding.	1
And they moved to Mallard Creek in Charlotte.	They built a house on Mallard Creek.	1
And if so, are they often near that boundary?	I want to know, are they often in England?	1
Inglish differs from English in five  words, expressions, grammar, pronunciation and rhythm.	Inglish is harder than English.	1
uh we get we get uh New Years Day Good Friday Memorial Day July Fourth Labor Day uh Thanksgiving and the day after and then Christmas and a day either side of it	We get paid our full amount on all the holidays, even the day before and after Christmas.	1
So he, we lived in this area.	Our home was two blocks away.	1
Captain,  he said, and as he spoke he pointed to the pursuing ships,  Colonel Bishop holds us.	Colonel Bishop was angry because the captain had stolen something.	1
Ye'll remember afterwards that it was your hardness drove me.   She moved to depart, then checked, and faced him again.	Though offended, she had turned towards him to say one last goodbye.	1
Its precursor was the now quite obsolete strangury (1398) `slow and painful urination.	Strangury preceded the sexually transmitted disease.	1
Although it helps if you have an interest in American politics, the displays allowing you to listen to a Watergate tape or  interview  Nixon on foreign affairs are nevertheless interesting.	If you go to the museum, you can hear the Watergate tapes when you do the audiotour.	1
61 Although eventually young people  gure out that effort can compensate for low ability, girls may conclude that mastering complex math is not worth the cost'extremely high effort.	Girls do not like math.	1
The company remains prepared to restructure to meet ever-changing business requirements.	The company is on the breaking edge of research.	1
The threat that was coming was not from sleeper cells.	The threat was coming from domestic political radicals.	1
.. Make our society better.	We hope you will make our society a crime-free place.	1
probably and they do it for how long you've been a member i think too	I think your rates depend on your length of membership.	1
The highest virtue of the postwar German constitutional order, then, was precisely the greatest casualty of the Nazi regime.	The Nazi regime killed everyone involved.	1
Nothing comes from nothing, Lucretius argued two thousand years ago, and tautologists have proved him right.	Tautologists have honored the teachings of Lecretius for hundreds of years.	1
Following a show, a young couple came up to the stage to say hello.	A young couple went to their very first performance.	1
For Ballinger's warnings, see Ed Ballinger interview (Apr. 14, 2004).	He warned the interviewer that there would be an attempted attack in May.	1
The law school's needs range from purchasing additional computer terminals to paying travel costs of our moot court teams and from refurbishing the Gray Lounge to purchasing necessary reference materials for the library.	Only half of the law school's computers are still functional.	1
Finally, one must be wary of elongation that carries with it a distinctly different meaning.	Editors are normally employed to catch this sort of error.	1
I must return to Colonel Bishop for my orders,  he informed them.	He told them he would go to Colonel Bishop tomorrow for his orders.	1
Indianapolis is truly one of the best places for actors to work for many	Actors love Indianapolis because of all the casting agencies there.	1
We can aim more precisely and hit the target more often.	we'll try to hit the fundraising goal every year.	1
The Baixada de Santa Eulalia descends to carrer dels Banys Nous, named for the long-gone  new  baths of the ghetto erected in the 12th century.	Carrer dels Banys Nous has a hot springs.	1
Developing a CIO organization is an ongoing process that demands a clear understanding of the organizationas responsibility for helping meet business needs.	You have to develop a CIO organization carefully or it will fall apart.	1
You may have heard of me.   Captain Calverley stared hard.	Captain Calverley stared at another man.	1
and now i have got a sister in Germany	I have a sister that speaks German.	1
It is time for the proverbial LAST CALL!	It's time for last call because we're closing at 2 a.m.	1
She had been observing him with shining eyes, but at sight of his dejected countenance, and the deep frown that scarred his brow, her own expression changed.	She did not know if he was angry at her.	1
So we are entering an entirely new domain.	We are making a new product.	1
Besides LNL and Allenbrand-Drews, the suit names as defendants Gary Allenbrand and Loren Drews, principals of Allenbrand-Drews; and developers or contractors R.L.	Allenbrand and Drews are getting sued for false imprisionment.	1
At the center of the resort, in the sheltered waters of the inner lagoon, there is a  Swim with the Dolphins  program.	You can swim with dolphins who can do crazy tricks.	1
the the second one that she has was one of the puppies from the litter and uh the one male that she used had a tooth problem	There was a total of 8 in the litter only the male had teeth issues.	1
But if he uses the grammer, vocabularly, and idiom of the standard English found in newspapers, books, magazines, and news bulletins, then all we notice about his speech is his accent--and possibly his intonation.	He is using standard English grammer and vocabulary found in newspapers, books, and magazines in an attempt to disguise himself, but his foreign accent gives him away.	1
If Esperanto is aspiring to become a  real  language, then it must begin to behave like one and, before long, it will begin to suffer the same  weaknesses  that natural languages suffer--polysemy and pleurisemy.	Esperanto is spoken by less than one percent of the world's population.	1
Standing now at the rail, with Lord Julian beside him, Captain Blood explained himself.	Lord Julian was stading on Captain Blood's right.	1
Remember to hide all portable possessions from the monkeys.	The monkeys are very interested in many things, including your posessions.	1
As with other  low-ability  groups, teachers often have lower expectations for transition-class students and teach them in a less stimulating fashion than they do other children.	Teachers grade transition-class students more harshly than other students.	1
00 helped make it possible for us to provide guidance, encouragement and fun to nearly 400 Indianapolis area children.	Thanks to our generous donations, we were able to invite Beyonce to throw a concert for the Indianapolis orphans.	1
In this way the YMCA seeks to fulfill its  To put Christian principles into practice through programs that encourage personal growth and build health of spirit, mind and body for all.	The YMCA has over 100 programs that promote Christian principles.	1
so if we have the opportunity just because it's quieter	It's not as loud in the suburbs as it is in the city.	1
And they couldn't stay in the Augusta area because people knew that they had tried to do something that was really taboo and try to pass for white.	People were aware that they were African American.	1
For example, at a maximum, all the genes turn purple.	Sometimes the genes can turn blue too.	1
Successful economies rely on vibrant private sectors, which have an interest in curbing indiscriminate government power.	The private sector is mostly concerned with reducing the government's ability to raise taxes.	1
The Science studies also ignore simple truths about brain chemistry.	Truths about brain chemistry are obvious.	1
That Swede church  isn't quite the same as  That Swedish church.	The Swede Church and the Swedish church are pretty much different.	1
For affected EGUs for 2010 and each year thereafter, the Administrator shall allocate mercury allowances under section 474, and conduct auctions of mercury allowances under section 409, in the amounts in Table A.	They limit mercury for seafood.	1
So I just had to take the totals and try and figure it like that.	I feel confident that the totals are all I need to get this figured out.	1
One thing these postwar tract-home developments did have in abundance was kids, and considered as kid cities, they were wonderfully designed.	They hired seasoned architects to design the post-war tract-home developments.	1
His burial vaults, 27 m (88 ft) below ground, are made of marble and cover 1,200 sq m (13,000 sq ft).	He was an important public figure.	1
The team had previously been known by the memorable designation Beaneaters , which, in a curious way, might also be considered an Indian nickname.	The team changed their name because it wasn't popular.	1
Samuel Sheinbein will serve a murder sentence in Israel.	Samuel Sheinbein will serve life in prison for the murder he committed.	1
Present your basis for assessing the reliability of the data as undetermined.	The data files measured several hundred megabytes in total.	1
And so, we moved to Las Vegas, NV, and I reported, just like I did in Washington, to a certain address in downtown Las Vegas.	I worked as a cab driver in both of these cities.	1
Smacks of old fogeyism, does it not?	Sounds like the ideas of a predecessor, does it not?	1
Rababah, who had lived in Connecticut, New York, and New Jersey, told investigators that he had recommended Paterson, New Jersey, as a place with an Arabic-speaking community where Hazmi and Hanjour might want to settle.	New Jersey was chosen because the community in Connecticut was too expensive.	1
In appreciation for your contribution $100 or more to the campaign, you and a guest are invited to attend a special reception on Thursday, March 23,2000 from 5:30- 8:00 PM in Herron Hall.	Gourmet food and champagne will be served at the reception.	1
I ask you to join me in renewing your pledge of support to the University Libraries at IUPUI, and to consider increasing that contribution.	The IUPUI needs $1million to operate this year.	1
and we keep our cans in one thing and glass in another and paper in another it once it gets full getting it loaded into the car and taking it is a pain	The paper is the first to get full then cans, then glass.	1
At the same time, Saudi Arabia's society was a place where al Qaeda raised money directly from individuals and through charities.	Al Qaeda also received money from businesses.	1
Property is an endless succession of bubbles in space, or cyberspace, with different people claiming an endless variety of interests in them.	Property can be owned anywhere.	1
targets may seem abstract to the average household, increased wealth clearly influences personal saving through traditional defined-benefit pension plans.	Members of average households ought to also increase personal savings through pension plans.	1
uh-huh well then you just pay it off at the end of the month	I would suggest you pay it now before you forget.	1
In leading organizations, evolving business processes play a key role in determining how these information management responsibilities are structured and adapted to meet changing needs.	New training programs have to be created when new business processes are adopted.	1
One of the great interiors of this period is the main living space of the Tugendhat House, designed by Mies Van der Rohe in 1928.	Mies Van der Rohe not only designed but lived in the Tugendhat House as well.	1
By the same token, the overall risk associated with fickle consumers, numerous selling seasons, and segmented markets'along with fierce overseas competition'has currently made this a tough arena for American retailers and manufacturers.	90% of American retailers are failing.	1
Colonel Bishop has been notified of my coming.   The sudden change in Calverley's manner at Lord Julian's mention of his name showed that the notification had been received, and that he had knowledge of it.	I rode to the Bishop and Calverly by horseback.	1
Even if preliminary engineering and contract negotiation took as long as six to eight months, the total time for completing two 900 MWe units would be about 17 to 19 months.	Any more than eight months is excessive.	1
A number of them might have been created by prisoners whose vocabularies were too small to accommodate the concepts, events, or situations named.	Prisoners created stories.	1
I've been hunting him this year past.	I have been following him closely for a year without him knowing.	1
My sister keeps telling me, she says, Sometimes you're just like Granny, you treat people wrong for the wrong reasons.	My sister said I was racist.	1
It was a formidable weapon but weighed so much that it could be transported only 5-kms (3-miles) per day	It was the heaviest weapon they had ever invented.	1
but it's a it's a type of area we live in of course living expenses aren't as bad either though which makes a difference	It's much cheaper to live here than any other state.	1
the design, we were concerned that payment would be authorized before verifying that the travel actually took place.	We thought the payment might go too early and we'd get defrauded.	1
Well it got to where there's two or three aircraft arrive in a week and I didn't know where they're flying to.	The increased aircraft traffic is troublesome.	1
But Blood's mind was now made up.	Blood had decided that he wanted eggs for breakfast.	1
Figure 4 shows the supply curve of workshare services.	The workshare services are in more demand in July.	1
With your contribution to the Library, you will become a member of the Citywide Friends.	The Library truly appreciates your donation and would love for you to become a Citywide Friend.	1
Yousef managed to escape to Pakistan, but his accomplice, Murad-whom KSM claims to have sent to Yousef with $3,000 to help fund the operation-was arrested and disclosed details of the plot while under interrogation.	Murad told investigators where to locate Yousef in Pakistan.	1
In the case of animals that are not recovered by-their owners, your Humane Society uses a wide variety of - services to aid those animals and give them a chance at a happy life.	The Humane Society is a non-profit organisation that cares for abandoned pets.	1
In the struggle against terrorism these distinctions seem increasingly artificial.	The struggle against terrorism is increasing.	1
Congressional oversight for intelligence-and counterterrorism-is now dysfunctional.	Congressional oversight for intelligence-and counterterrorism once worked effectively.	1
I'll rot in hell or ever I serves the King,  he bawled in a great rage.	I might serve the king, but I won't be happy about it.	1
A recent Lou Harris poll indicates that over 66% of today's female business leaders have Girl Scout backgrounds.	Two thirds of female business leaders were Girl Scouts for at least five years.	1
Newsweek runs a rant bemoaning the glitzification of the Hamptons.	Newsweek writes a daily report about the Hamptons.	1
On the other hand, there are responsibilities such as IT planning and oversight that must remain in-house.	They think about what computers to buy.	1
Smaller boats for local jaunts can be rented at Sea Horse Boat Rentals, Marsh Harbour, Abacos (Tel.	You can rent one passenger boats.	1
Not content to disgrace Clinton morally, his adversaries tried to inflate his cover-up of the Lewinsky affair into crimes and impeachable offenses.	Clinton's affair with Lewinsky was a moral disgrace for the Democratic Party and caused the defeat of Gore when he ran for president.	1
The cover story debates whether NATO's goal should be to carve up Kosovo or administer it as a protectorate.	NATO believes they should divide Kosovo into even smaller areas.	1
Close to the original action and still providing the most vivid testimony to the Klondike days, the boomtown of Dawson City yielded in 1951 to the transportation and communications center of Whitehorse as territorial capital.	Whitehorse used mainly horse carriages for transportation.	1
In fact, it was the flashpoint for protests and riots during the busing controversy in the 1970s.	There were racial protests in the 70's.	1
oh is that where you're talking from	You are calling from a long distance.	1
We are asking all graduates for a gift of $1000.	We are fundraising to meet our goal of $100,000.	1
and you're the minority and you're stuck with it but uh	Minorities may have the upper advantage in this case.	1
One minute he's banging on the desk, the next he's OK, have it on my desk, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.	He changes his mind because he doesn't know what he's doing.	1
But that it was no more than a mask for his fury and his venom was plain to all.	His toxicity came from a painful upbringing.	1
Nonexchange transactions-- gains and losses	There are also many other non-exchange transactions.	1
This is the ultimate Republican fallback.	Any other Republican fallback will not work now.	1
I must therefore tell you why the Center on Philanthropy also deserves your support.	I really need to tell you why Center on Philanthropy needs to have financial support from you before it's too late.	1
There's our art programs for junior and senior high school students which are so critical now with less and less allocated in school budgets for the arts.	Schools have had their arts programs cut by 25% over the past five years.	1
As for me,  said Lord Julian, with intent to make Miss Bishop's departure free from all interference on the part of the buccaneers,  I shall remain aboard the Arabella until we reach Port Royal.	Lord Julian was very interested in Miss Bishop, one may say he fancied her.	1
This budget makes some big--if dubious--choices, if only implicitly.	The budget is choosing things with a lot of risk.	1
[ In all fairness, it must be said that Mr. Room wrote as soon as he realized his slip in referring to the Bummel as a river.	The Bummel is actually an Eastern European brand of automobile.	1
Dominating the mouth of Sant Antoni Bay is the gaunt silhouette of the island of Coniera, or Conejera (meaning  rabbit's warren  or  burrow ).	Coniera is 3 square miles.	1
Even in that situation, the restriction obliged running the information through the OIPR screen.	The OIPR screen processes some information related to the terrorist watch list.	1
Twill be a kindness, so it will.   For a moment she stood before him with quickened breathing, the colour ebbing and flowing in her cheeks.	The lady was anxious because she was in love.	1
You can see by reading the code, my friend that there are still many federal and state tax advantages for making charitable contributions.	Making a charitable contribution will benefit you directly.	1
Others answered the question, but Keyes stuffed it.	Keyes gave more information than other people.	1
The corporate CIO works with CIOs or other information managers in each of the business units to ensure efficient, reliable, and interoperable technology for the entire corporation.	The CIO wants his peers to improve their performance.	1
See that curious little beast over there?	Are you able to see that curious little beast?	1
uh Dances With Wolves we just saw that kind of late what else have i seen uh Silence of the Lambs	I watched that Dances with Wolves movie on Friday night.	1
It's that cursed petticoat's making a coward of you.	The petticoat is viewed as cursed because they often speak lies.	1
For longer stays, the information office provides detailed maps of Quetico's fantastic network of interlocking waterways.	There are 29 waterways in Quetico.	1
Much has been made of hiring Michael Apted to bring a more human touch to the series.	The series was thought to be cold and boring, so it was important to hire Michael Apted to add a warm, personal touch to improve ratings.	1
Their requirements are far more modest in size and complexity.	The paperwork has less blanks.	1
Just within the doorway of the alley leading to the cabin, he ran into Miss Bishop.	Miss Bishop was wearing red shoes.	1
Where he was a , he was a minister's son, so he had, they had property, and stuff, and they were very well-connected in the community and very, held in high esteem.	His dad was a Lutheran pastor.	1
For ascertaining building systems' status from building personnel, see FDNY interview 4, Chief (Jan.	These systems were all offline at the time.	1
Just give me a minute if you want to cut it off, I'd, uh, go.	I need a minute to collect my thoughts.	1
Jane,Dave, and an FBI analyst who was on detail to the CIA's Bin Ladin unit went to New York on June 11 to meet with the agents about the Cole case.	The FBI analyst talked to seven agents about the Cole case.	1
So what about a hybrid plan--subscriptions for heavy users, and micropayments for the rest?	The heavy users should be charged the most.	1
yeah i remember my grandparents and i used to always get out there on the road and pick up beer cans and uh	A bunch of would get together and clean up trash from the street.	1
Worldwide asset freezes have not been adequately enforced and have been easily circumvented, often within weeks, by simple methods.	Sometimes people can escape asset freezes if they pay someone alot of money for help.	1
As Welsh's book has a list under PRONUNCIATION, I looked there, to no avail.	The pronunciation list only included the most basic things.	1
yeah they get crowded real quick the crowd's a little dressier too more of a yuppie crowd	Their clothes are very stylish.	1
uh-huh yours is a four door	Your car is larger than mine, with four doors.	1
It is next to a student dormitory known as the Quad, a picturesque Jacobean Revival complex planned around a series of courtyards.	The Quad is a coed student dormitory.	1
the beach was beautiful and and that was really uh a nice place to go so that's  that's probably one of my most favorite places to go how about you	I really love the beach because of how clean and well kept it is.	1
It should be noted that the impact of postal density on cost is greater in France than in the	Postal density raises the cost in France by up to 40%.	1
It was they who made the first and hardiest effort to hew a modern living out of this hard land.	They could have tried harder.	1
They are ships of the Jamaica fleet,  his lordship answered her.	The ships of the Jamaica fleet impressed her, that's why she asked about them.	1
The terrorism fostered by Bin Ladin and al Qaeda was different from anything the government had faced before.	Bin Ladin and al Qaeda were totally responsible for the terrorism.	1
The time needed to complete this phase of an implementation project is about 17 months for SCR.	It takes 17 months to implement the new rules.	1
Would I order a set for myself?	The set is very expensive.	1
..the world's most thoughtful and motivating nature writers.	Nature writers can encourage people to recycle more.	1
The others do not make the consumer happy enough.	The baseballs are not white enough.	1
Michael Lewis, interviewed about his book Trail Fever, observed that Alexander did something I didn't think possible in this campaign.	Michael Lewis gave over 50 interviews about his book, Trail Fever.	1
that was their goal oh	They achieved their goal.	1
As an Inner Circle member you will receive select seating during the Convention, and special invitations to dinners, receptions and activities throughout the week.	Inner Circle membership is not free.	1
They just didn't like what it was like being black in those days, and that was, you know, I guess, that, that was probably, you know, in the early 1930s, uh, when they did that.	It was hard to be black in the south.	1
This time period is shown in Exhibit A-3 in Appendix A. However, depending upon the specifics of the project, the time needed could vary by a couple of months.	The Appendix A shows the time that it needs to be completed by.	1
You know, Peter, that it is Lord Julian alone has stood between Bishop and his hate of you.	The Bishop hates Peter because he is emotionally unstable.	1
The pattern repeated itself a century later when the Moors invoked the aid of the Almohads in 1151.	The Moors got economic help from Almohads.	1
An example of disruptions that could occur is provided by recent denialofservice attacks on popular websites.	Popular websites are big targets for disruption.	1
Beyond Payangan, the little-used road wends its way through scenic countryside all the way to Batur (see pagea59).	The road is 15 miles from Payangan to Batur.	1
This letter is to let you know that we still need your help to continue our record of strong fiscal management, vibrant theatrical productions and outstanding educational programs.	We need $10,000 more to produce Lion King.	1
so i want to keep at it because i know that if you don't uh there's there's lots of problems that you can have	Your health can suffer if you don't keep working to stay active and healthy.	1
i mean there was  had the i had my watch and it was all over my shoes and uh the shrubs all turned white down there	It was annoying when it covered my shoes.	1
Each July we celebrate our state's heritage at the Society's Hoosier History Festival.	We have a festival complete with a parade and carnival rides.	1
that's right we might come up short next year if we haven't spent everything this year and so no matter how foolish the expenditure be sure we get rid of that money	We will be over $20,000 short next year.	1
With the assassination in April 1865 of the man who had preached a new order of ideas, the United States became a country obsessed with power.	The assassination was done by Russia.	1
In a sense, it seems illogical that we have retained the historic spellings for Spenser's works yet use modern spellings for the titles of plays by his contemporary, William Shakespeare.	We use the modern spellings so we don't confuse each other.	1
He's old enough to be my daddy.	He's 27 years older than me.	1
men um free of the charge one guy went in stabbed his ex-wife to death because she was sleeping with another guy i mean ex-wife you know we're talking and	A man was freed from the charge due to technical glitch and went and killed his ex.	1
Indeed, this spreading is the first time step of the spreading of a purple avalanche of damage.	This is the first part of damage to the rocks.	1
In the cabin he flung into a chair, and exploded, with a violence altogether foreign to his nature.	He sat in a green chair in the cabin.	1
Skeat will not in this case ignore this note and repeat the offence at some future time.	Skeat will study the note every day.	1
Access to our grounds will be opened to anyone with a computer and a modem.	People need to carry their computer and modem with them while entering the grounds, in order to have access.	1
Well, the next day, of course, President Kennedy, uh, blockaded Cuba, and, uh, our ships stopped a Russian ship that was headed just outside of Cuba within, and they found missiles on them.	They found 20 missiles on the ship.	1
We assume a direct linear relationship between volume per capita and pieces per possible	We figured the volume is exactly the same as the pieces per possible.	1
The arguments the administration now makes about food stamps, of course, can easily be made about basic welfare--TANF--too.	The administration says food stamps are abused regularly.	1
Oh, you and your witty repartees and bons mots.	You prefer to speak in witticisms and quips.	1
and let's see twenty years ago i guess we're were just beginning to get into what they were calling the uh the sex revolution where uh after the pill and uh uh	I started taking the Pill when the Sex Revolution started in the 1970s.	1
He said that if his advisers had told him there was a cell in the United States, they would have moved to take care of it.	In fact there were three different cells in the US at the time.	1
Sure, then, I'll be telling ye.	It is only because you promised not to repeat this that I am telling you.	1
(It has been said, not altogether jokingly, that if the Japanese were required to pay a license fee for every English word they used, their trade surplus would vanish.)	Proper nouns are often overused when translating to English from foreign languages.	1
He's chivalrous to the point of idiocy.	Even women think that he over-does his chivalry.	1
The girl that can help me is all the way across town.	The girl who is going to help me is 5 miles away.	1
Monday through Friday delivery of James Surowiecki's Moneybox column, plus other Slate economic and financial articles.	Readers have given positive reviews of James Surowiecki's Moneybox column.	1
Texas considers the various forms of education to be costbeneficial in its Medicaid program.	Texas will reconsider this matter next year.	1
Binalshibh believes the disagreement arose in part from Jarrah's family visits.	Jarrah was involved in a fight with his brother in law.	1
rom the beginning people had to have names to identify themselves.	The beginning people were the first people to use names.	1
Administration, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, and the Health Resources and Services Administration.	The Health Resources and Services Administration is the most important.	1
uh that's yeah i'd like to see them restrict just those like i said before those new automatic weapons but the rest of it i don't think they need anymore	I think they should ban all automatic weapons immediately.	1
Now, these are not issues that ivory-tower libertarians would ignore.	All ivory-tower libertarians would have an emotional reaction to these ideas.	1
It was really cool, and the dress kind of blew in the wind a little bit--	The dress was very short and blew around a bit.	1
They told me that, uh, that I would be called in a guy at the end for me to meet.	The guy showed up a bit late.	1
00 Under 6 yr - Free Tour and Military Rate $3.	The Military Rate used to be free as well but now they have to charge.	1
satisfaction from what things i've heard	I have gathered from the meeting that things went very well.	1
Today the old building hosts the Edinburgh Experience, a 20-minute, 3-D slide show charting the history of the city and bringing to life the Edinburgh of today (April-October only).	The building does several things, including hosting a 3d slide show.	1
Canal Motorboats BV has two locations in the city	There used to be only one Canal Motorboats BV location, but increased business warranted an expansion.	1
And more than 30% of the kids we serve cannot afford the camp fee.	The campers that cannot afford to attend come from poor cities.	1
Walking leisurely, he skirted the embattled wall, and passed through the great gates into the courtyard.	The great gates were the only entrance to the courtyard.	1
Never mind the question of whether the Dow Jones industrial average is the proper measure of how well the rich are doing.	The Dow Jones goes up and rich people buy more.	1
And we've been doing it for more than 85 years.	We have celebrated our history every year for more than 85 years.	1
all the uh credit union CEOs and people like that so she was really into the keeping up on what's going on with the credit unions	She was interested in learning more about how credit unions made their money.	1
We have not interviewed every knowledgeable person or found every relevant piece of paper.	There are many more knowledgeable people who have not been interviewed.	1
Linda Hardwick Director of Development &amp	Link Harwick, Development	1
Ticket sales and subscriptions cannot finance our complete season	TIcket sales and subscriptions only cover 70% of the financing costs for our complete season.	1
The tone of the amendment remains deferential to the states' control of the electoral process, even for national office.	The states change their electoral process when they see fit.	1
yeah have a nice summer	Indeed summer will be here soon.	1
'The e stands for the phoneme /e/, which in this word is pronounced like the e in ebb in all varieties of Yiddish.	There are 20 varieties of Yiddish.	1
29 for furniture and silver, Tai Sing Company at 122 for porcelain.	Porcelain used to be even more than 122.	1
One thing M. Tesniares hasn't reckoned with, though, is the Anglo-Saxon input.	Anglo-Saxon input is very important.	1
In the meantime, Caldas de Monchique is a good place for a picnic and a stroll in the woods.	Caldas de Monchique serves food.	1
As a proud Scot myself, I feel that a much more probable reason for this apparent lack of linguistic ambition is to be found in the regional dialect.	Many languages do not display much ambition at all.	1
The ruthless defense minister Gustav Noske called in 4,000 Freikorps (right-wing storm-troopers) to smash the movement.	Noske wanted the movement to stop before he lost power.	1
The explosion killed six people, injured about 1,000 more, and exposed vulnerabilities in the World Trade Center's and the city's emergency preparedness.	Steps were taken to address security concerns following the explosion.	1
Leading organizations decide, as part of a sourcing strategy, whether to provide specific information technology and management services with in-house staff or external providers.	Organizations decide if they're going to use in-house employees of if it costs too much to do that.	1
Jerry Bepko, Chancellor of IUPUI, paid tribute to Kent through these remarks.	Bepko honored Kent in his graduation speech.	1
Make your head with heat grow dizzy.	Today it was five degrees above the seasonal average.	1
Some FBI investigators doubt Rababah's story.	Rababah insisted that he was visiting relatives at the time of the attack.	1
Confronted with this attitude and somewhat awed, the British acknowledged their respect by capitalizing the word.	The British took over the world economy.	1
Anyhow the man comes in.	The man entered the courtroom.	1
Mercury emissions contribute to mercury deposition in water.	Mercury emissions create problems with the water and then fish ingest it.	1
We observed subtly dierent shades of brown grass, trees, dirt, dust, hawks, mice, and agreed.)	There were tons of different colors on the ground.	1
Tourist offices have tried to rename the area L'Estrie, but even the most militant Quebecois prefer the customary direct, if approximate, translation of the  Cantons de l'Est.	The tourism people think the area needs a better name because the old one sounds dumpy.	1
The conventional wisdom in Washington this week is that young writers such as Glass who crack up deserve sympathy because the system pressures them into becoming stars before they are journeymen.	Glass is a writer for the Times.	1
There's some cash flow projections on my desk and, um, uh, it's for such and such Cutty, that's the client's name.	The client named Cutty makes $10000 a month.	1
It's a little screw which set an injection but the, the breathing pressure tube to the pilot and counter pressure.	The screw is tiny and silver.	1
Your contributed support directly benefits the IRT's outreach programs and leverages match gift monies.	Your contributions are matched by foundations.	1
Pei tower a winding path leads up to Hong Kong Park.	The path is 5 miles to the Hong Kong Park.	1
With that leap, a regular crystal cannot encode much  information.	There are other kinds of crystals that are very useful for encoding geographic information using laser beams.	1
Say that I look forward to making his acquaintance there.     CHAPTER XXII.	Say that I look forward to meeting him there this afternoon.	1
To suppress the image of homosexuality as a vice, Clinton and Birch attribute civic virtues to gays.	Clinton and Birch are homosexuals.	1
So all that stressing and I mean, I had every reason to stress today, it was like, you're giving something you don't know how to do, and it's like here do it.	I was told to replace the office fuse box, but I know nothing about electrical wiring.	1
I do not believe the possible recon value outweighs the risk of possible program termination when the stakes are raised by the Taliban parading a charred Predator in front of CNN, he wrote.	The Predator was involved in a fire caused by an electrical fault.	1
This officer, who had observed the South Tower collapse, reported it to ESU units in the North Tower in his evacuation instruction.	The South Tower collapsed 30 minutes before the officer talked to ESU units in the North Tower.	1
Numerous officers responded in order to help injured civilians and to urge those who could walk to vacate the area immediately.	In total, twenty seven officers responded to the incident.	1
(a) Change each d or t in the target to c.	After the conversion is finished the target should have exactly four c's.	1
To do otherwise would send a troubling message to GAO's employees, the press, and the public.	It's a bad message if you don't show the workers that their voices are heard.	1
She went on to write Mexican Village, a novel that incorporated many of the Mexican people's folk customs and traditions.	She was Mexican.	1
Through it all, Morris maintains that what he was doing was really very high-minded.	Morris said he was doing that to help the economy.	1
where and um there'd be more honest settlements instead of this um uh tugging of people's heart strings and um making them cry and feel like they're doing somebody good by giving them	This is making people donate more than they can afford, just because they feel bad for the poor people.	1
well well not not even lately tell me	They haven't gone to the store in the past month.	1
Grammar and glamour are historically the same word.	The words separated in the 1910s when the Kaiser stole all of the L's.	1
Once you're off the traffic-squeezed main arteries, you'll find that Albufeira's old town preserves a surprising bit of traditional charm.	Albuferia is quaint because cars aren't allowed there.	1
For pilot's belief and the helicopter not hovering, see NYPD interview 12, Aviation (Mar.	There was an interview with the Chief of the NYPD.	1
One of the linguistic phenomena to have emerged during the last hundred years or so is the acceptance of the notion that an important step in solving problems lies in naming them.	Once a problem is named the solution will follow in an acceptable time frame.	1
Our Civil Practice Clinic has operated for several years, and we recently added a Criminal Defense Clinic.	Our Civil Practice Clinic has operated for eight years.	1
Via di Ripetta imperceptibly merges into Via della Scrofa `Street of the Sow,' named after another ancient sculpture that is still preserved there.	Via della Scrofa is a sculpture.	1
Based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above, the estimated time period to complete the implementation of SCR on one combustion unit is about 21 months.	It takes a team of fifty men to install the SCR on one combustion unit.	1
Others related only to carrying specific passengers.	These regulations involved enhanced security screenings.	1
I want to say that the autonomous agents comprising that community had, individually and collectively, the embodied know-how to get on with making a living in the natural games that constituted their world.	The agents made $80,000.	1
Despite two years of investigation, the FBI was unable to find the co-worker or determine his true identity.	The FBI could never even find the man after he left Florida in 2001.	1
Your gift at this time may provide you with additional year-end tax benefits.	If you make a gift of at least $1,000, you'll be able to receive tax benefits for sure.	1
one time we did go that thing uh there we came back from an event and turned the lights on around the camp site and there's a skunk right	The skunk was waiting for us to return to the camp site.	1
i honestly i don't know because i haven't had to wear that many dress clothes yet to be honest you know	I enjoy getting dressed up.	1
Two days later, Ahmed al Ghamdi and Abdul Aziz al Omari, who had been living in New Jersey with Hazmi and Hanjour, flew to Miami-probably signifying that the four hijacking teams had finally been assigned.	Hazmi and Hanjour knew who was assigned to each team.	1
'    We knew exactly what it meant.	We had no further questions about it.	1
Thus, once a pleasing motif has been discovered, the next least exerting is to reproduce it with a slight variation.	It is easy to add carvings.	1
The reforms that have been adopted so far have profound implications for what government does, how it is organized, and how it performs its services to the country and its citizens.	The reforms cost the government money.	1
Wittgenstein's point is that one cannot, in general, reduce statements at a higher level to a finitely specified set of necessary and suYcient statements at a lower level.	Wittgenstein reminded people of this every time someone accused him of being long winded.	1
4.14 An additional standard for financial audits performed in accordance with GAGAS	Any audits done that are not performed in accordance with GAGAS must be redone.	1
This time I wasn't even happy that she was there because I was so stressed out.	I was too anxious to be happy that she had arrived a day earlier.	1
If and when that project is completed, it should become one of the most interesting of the entire chain.	The art project is really fascinating.	1
You cannot remove these.dll files while Windows is running (which is part of Microsoft's point).	Windows relies on .dll files across various programs, so deleting one of these files will impact many programs.	1
It's through her that we're in this trap,  Ogle stormed on.	Ogle had suggested that they get rid of her earlier.	1
As a child growing up in the 5O's, one of my happiest memories was attending Civic Theatre productions.	My favorite Civic Theatre production was Beauty and the Beast.	1
Threats will not serve, Captain.	The Captain had made a threat.	1
Money has also derived its names from things or animals.	One coin is named after a lion.	1
The garlands in eighteenth-century buildings are sculpted or painted versions of the sashes and flowered ornaments worn by men and women.	Many of the garlands are of ivy.	1
so it it looked pretty sharp	It sounds like it would look great.	1
Natural enough, then, that involvement in World War II began with a British Commonwealth Air Training Plan, using Canada's safer skies to prepare pilots for combat.	Canada's skies were free from missiles.	1
The Auld Alliance, a treaty of accord between France and Scotland, was born.	The Auld Alliance between France and Scotland has been around for hundreds of years.	1
Pitt, loosely clad in shirt and breeches, leaned against the rail the while and watched him, unmistakable concern imprinted on his fair, frank countenance.	Pitt wore a white shirt and brown breeches.	1
oh yeah some people think they're predicting that he'll make a big comeback	Some people think he's going to rebound and have a wonderful season next year.	1
Not only does saving affect the stock of wealth, but wealth in turn influences the choice to save.	Wealthy people are more likely to save a larger portion of their income.	1
Yet she had not been coming out, for her back was towards him, and she was moving in the same direction.	Never once did she turn around to look at him.	1
Um, as far as never being told--	I wasn't told anything about the safety protocol.	1
He warranted the Boolean idealization had its problems, but found that in many cases the response of a gene was nonlinear to its inputs.	The janitor has an opinion on Boolean idealization.	1
Our more aggressive respondents, excited to nail entire bodies of work in one go, bypassed books and went straight for the authors themselves.	People who responded talked about their favorite authors.	1
For the truth is that a building'no matter how useful or well built or beautiful'that is not sympathetic to the way that people dress risks looking not merely anachronistic, but downright silly.	A building can't be pretty if handicapped people can't go in it.	1
I would like to see that continue.	It would be great if this could just stop right now!	2
And what better are these?--Are ye afeard of a lubberly Barbados planter? Whatever ails you, Peter? I've never known ye scared afore.   A gun boomed out behind them.	I always knew you were easily scared, Peter.	2
The Science studies also ignore simple truths about brain chemistry.	The study takes into account facts about brain chemistry.	2
I hope you will help us continue the Olympic tradition of excellence.	I think you're going to fail at the Olympics.	2
There's our art programs for junior and senior high school students which are so critical now with less and less allocated in school budgets for the arts.	School have more money than they could ever need for the arts.	2
Certainly, the FDNY was not responsible for the management of the City's response to the emergency, as the Mayor's directive would have required.	The NYPD was in full control of the emergency response of the city.	2
Abeam with the Arabella, across the harbour, were the flat-fronted white buildings of that imposing city that came down to the very water's edge.	The Arabella came to a tiny city that was located on a barren land devoid of life.	2
The housemate who rented the room to Hazmi and Mihdhar during 2000 is an apparently law-abiding citizen with long-standing, friendly contacts among local police and FBI personnel.	Hazmi and Mihdhar bought a home and had no contact with anyone.	2
The children attending our shows prepare in advance for their theatrical experience through their class's curriculum	The kids never come to see a performance.	2
Third, the Hellfire warhead carried by the Predator needed work.	The Hellfire warhead is ready now to be carried on Predator	2
sounds like a lot of fun yeah it's amazing to me how how many things they would allow	I'm not at all surprised that they were leinient.	2
Seen any shepherds on Broadway lately or even mentioned in The New York Times?	Broadway is all about the shepherds!	2
On September 9, dramatic news arrived from Afghanistan.	We heard nothing from Afghanistan until October.	2
On obtaining clean passports and the two damaged passports, see Intelligence reports, interrogations of KSM, July 3, 2003; Sept. 9, 2003.	KSM always failed to get clean documents.	2
Locust Hill uh-huh right oh great	No, not Locust Hill.	2
And here I am thinking he's going come in there and be like, you know, just have it out with me, you know, just tell me off like how could I not have this done.	I knew he wasn't going to come here at all.	2
My, my mother wound up not being one of his favorites early on and, ah, so she was relegated to working in the fields whereas some of the other kids didn't work in the fields.	My mom was the golden child so she didn't have to work.	2
And instantly would have recalled the words had she been able.	She wouldn't have recalled anything, even if she had been able.	2
If possible, familiarize yourself with the plot in advance.	Do not get into the plot in advance; it will spoil the fun later.	2
Threats will not serve, Captain.	Threats will definitely suffice, Captain.	2
it's probably more because i just enjoy the coverage than it is because i don't have time to read the paper you know	I take at least an hour a day to read the paper just so I dont have to watch it.	2
yeah it's real nice has it been raining	It is so horrible with the never ending sunshine.	2
Whether its a literature topic, a humanities issue, or an important person in history -- every play has a direct tie-in to classroom curriculum.	Plays stand alone and have no application in school.	2
Floor-to-ceiling windows in the northwest corner of the West Street level of the lobby had been blown out	Amazingly, not a single window was broken in the entire building.	2
(The event is repeated on 14-15 August. )	It never happens again.	2
As a Nussbaum member you have helped us save endangered animals--and their homes.	Nussbaum members have no impact on saving endangered animals.	2
In some ways joint work has gotten better, and in some ways worse.	Since then joint work has improved in every way.	2
(It has been said, not altogether jokingly, that if the Japanese were required to pay a license fee for every English word they used, their trade surplus would vanish.)	The Japanese are known for their efficient use of English.	2
If and when that project is completed, it should become one of the most interesting of the entire chain.	This is so boring!	2
In 2003, these designations were eliminated; all international terrorism matters now receive the same designation, 315.	Each terrorism matter is judged and graded independently.	2
C. P. Snow wrote of the two cultures, science and the humanities, never to mix.	C. P. Snow never wrote about science and humanities.	2
.. Make our society better.	Our society needs no help.	2
The pieata is hung from a tree, with a long rope that is manipulated by an adult, who is able to move the pieata up and down, so it won't be broken too quickly.	The piata lays on the ground.	2
And with notes of pride, those rags that have earned pejorative names in the local lore use those sobriquets in private correspondence, saloon chat, and unofficial resumes.	The papers have no reputation at all.	2
Publications by early American travelers to the Southwest and Mexico depict the Spanish Mexicans in not only horrendous terms, but with extreme passion.	Early Americans talked about all the good things Spanish Mexicans did.	2
Until you do the arithmetic, you do not realize that, in Lincoln's mind, the critical moment of the founding was 1776, the signing of the Declaration of Independence.	Lincoln thought that the nation was truly founded after the election of the first President.	2
Um, then we moved to a new house.	We stayed in the same house our whole lives.	2
Lamar Alexander dropped his presidential bid.	Lamar Alexander refused to give up his presidential campaign.	2
Would I order a set for myself?	Would I ignore the set?	2
My grandmother used to tell me a lot of different stories about her growing-up years and, uh, especially, uh, she used to talk about her family, and what it was like during those times.	My grandmother always refused to talk about her childhood.	2
So anyway, Dad goes and makes this nice big glass of chocolate milk for me.	Dad said I wasn't allowed to have a drink.	2
In leading organizations, evolving business processes play a key role in determining how these information management responsibilities are structured and adapted to meet changing needs.	Since needs are never changing, business processes do not need to evolve.	2
Faith, you explain yourself after a fashion,  said he.	An explanation is offered right away.	2
Brian in Plano Texas how are you doing today	How are you Mary?	2
This week the Enquirer offers a preview of Ken Starr's report on the great love affair, which will enumerate romps in the Presidential limo, the Oval Office and even the LINCOLN BEDROOM!	The Enquirer didn't talk about the incident regarding Clinton.	2
G. Burdens of Requiring LSC Funded Attorneys to Withdraw from Cases When the Client Leaves the United States	LSC funded attorneys work any case they want.	2
The most irritating sight on a New York street (excluding Donald Trump's naked swing dancing with the ghost of Boss Tweed) is anyone jabbering into a cell phone.	Donald Trump cannot dance.	2
With planning assistance funds from LSC, the Bar Foundation has hired a consultant to help the Coordinating Council develop a reconfiguration plan to be submitted to LSC this March.	The Bar Foundation hired the consultant using only their own funds.	2
Haznawi (Flight 93) and Wail al Shehri (Flight 11) arrived in Miami from London on June 8, 2001 using the same route as the previous three.	Haznawi (Flight 93) flew from London to NYC.	2
so it it looked pretty sharp	The design was horrible.	2
How?  she asked him with a sudden startled interest.	She never took interest in the talk and asked no questions.	2
Elves or leprechauns that Anthony John Campos refers to as little people, pichilingis are goblins who perform mischievous pranks.	Anthony John Campos stated the cows pull pranks on leprechauns and elves.	2
The largest bay on the northwest coast makes a fine harbor, but both the water and the beach can be dirty.	The water and the beach are always clean.	2
Well, he was almost, old enough to be her daddy.	He was much younger than her.	2
You know who would understand?	Do you know who won't understand?	2
Many PAPD officers were on the ground floors of the complex-some assisting in evacuation, others manning the PAPD desk in 5 WTC or assisting at lobby command posts.	The PAPD was nowhere to be found at 5 WTC.	2
For Ballinger's warnings, see Ed Ballinger interview (Apr. 14, 2004).	Ed Ballinger refused to provide any information to interviewers.	2
[ In all fairness, it must be said that Mr. Room wrote as soon as he realized his slip in referring to the Bummel as a river.	Mr. Room refused to consider the idea that the Bummel might not be a river.	2
we're not real naturalists or anything but um	We are totally true naturalists and are insulted to be thought of otherwise!	2
Literacy and numeracy have come to the fore in recent years as major issues, not only (or even so much) in the Third World as in the industrialized nations.	Industrialized nations experience no problems with illiteracy.	2
Among the many jazz clubs are the famed Jazz Bakery in Culver City, the Catalina Bar and Grill in Hollywood, and the Baked Potato in North Hollywood.	There are no famous jazz clubs in Los Angeles.	2
That, I was the only 922 which was life support man the other man was a physiological support.	No one gave any sort of support.	2
I would think, Well, I'm, I'm going to let somebody else go, but then I would think, My God!	I wasn't going to let anyone else go.	2
The Mexican artist and printmaker Jose Guadalupe Posada started drawing calaveras during the late nineteenth century to coincide with this holiday.	Jose Guadalupe Posada started to draw images of buildings and rivers.	2
My love affair with the IRT is a long one.	I absolutely despise the IRT.	2
all that so there's a lot of things like that that Texas Instruments makes that even the employees don't know they make  for the most part	Texas Instruments only makes calculators.	2
The paradox of the American approach toward equality is that though we trail European societies in our concern about economic equality and wealth discrimination, we lead the world in other areas of egalitarian thinking.	America leads European societies in the concern about economic equality.	2
We would go in there.	We would never go in.	2
Enclosed is a reply card and envelope with the hope that you will consider beginning 1994 with a gift to IU.	Return this card to tell us what you'd like for dinner.	2
I derive enormous enjoyment from reading through back issues of such periodicals, a rather formidable prospect when you consider that each year makes up two volumes of about 400-odd pages each.	I only read current issues.	2
The corporate CIO works with CIOs or other information managers in each of the business units to ensure efficient, reliable, and interoperable technology for the entire corporation.	The CIO won't talk to his peers.	2
Just because nurture has a more significant effect on athletic performance doesn't mean that nature lies dormant, though.	Athletes are born with all their performance potential fully realized.	2
And I had put uh, five detachments out of U2's.	I didn't' deal with the U2's at all.	2
He was for the students an advisor, mentor, chaplain, uncle, and true friend.	He had no family or students.	2
In the struggle against terrorism these distinctions seem increasingly artificial.	The distinctions seem truly genuine.	2
The Senate agreed that a new agency should supervise nuclear weapons research.	The Senate did not want a new agency to look after nuclear weapons research.	2
For longer stays, the information office provides detailed maps of Quetico's fantastic network of interlocking waterways.	Quetico has no water in it.	2
Why did ye let Wolverstone and the others go?  he cried, with a touch of bitterness.	He had let Wolverstone go, but he kept the others.	2
Sometimes you have to believe that all English speakers should be committed to an asylum.	English is a very logical and consistent language.	2
Costume by Brigitte Doth, Jade Stice, and Penny Laimana.	Only one person worked on the costume.	2
According to a Board official, the Board's section 605(b) certifications were not provided separately to the Small Business Administration (SBA) Chief Counsel for Advocacy.	The Board handed out SBA certifications every day to whoever asks for one.	2
NEW ARRIVALS EVERY GIFT MAKES A DIFFERENCE!	Only gifts above $100 make a difference.	2
The port town of Nafplio makes the perfect base for touring the area, or perhaps a spot to have lunch while on your tour.	Nafplio is a bad base.	2
The subjective satisfactory , and ordinary word rather than a legal one, is a trouble-maker and should be avoided.	The subjective satisfactory is not trouble.	2
The hand-made cars are the city's best-loved attraction, and the system was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964.	No one cares about the cars anymore.	2
By 1868 and the enactment of the Fourteenth Amendment, we were perched on the threshold of a constitutional revolution.	The constitution has always been very stable and never presented a real crisis.	2
But I was like, forget it, I'm going to eat lunch I was hungry.	I had no appetite at all.	2
Initially, individuals can take part by making an annual unrestricted gift of $1,000 or more for Chancellor's Circle, or of $500 or more for Chancellors Associates.	Individuals can participate after making a small $50 donation.	2
Summer brings warm (but not hot) weather and warm sea temperatures, making it ideal for diving, snorkeling, and other water sports.	It is always 100 degrees or hotter in the summer.	2
Dominating the mouth of Sant Antoni Bay is the gaunt silhouette of the island of Coniera, or Conejera (meaning  rabbit's warren  or  burrow ).	Coniera is in the Atlantic Ocean.	2
It was from a airbase that flew over Cuba, and of course Rudolph Anderson was shot down.	All of the planes survived without being shot at.	2
If we think we are bound by a certain take on the world that prevailed in 1787, 1791, or 1868, then we should decide whose sentiments matter.	No one agreed on a take on the world in 1787.	2
29 for furniture and silver, Tai Sing Company at 122 for porcelain.	Porcelain is less than furniture and silver.	2
My dream is to see every American become part of the Olympic family, so please give whatever you can.	I only want to see American women become Olympians.	2
Moreover,  it contains only terms known to have arisen in the Twentieth Century,  according to the Preface, but omits the military slang of the earlier 20th century.	It has all of the slang contained in it from the beginning of time.	2
Uh, I spent much of my time in, uh, Special Activities.	I was never in Special Activities.	2
She went on to write Mexican Village, a novel that incorporated many of the Mexican people's folk customs and traditions.	She didn't know much about Mexicans.	2
It is next to a student dormitory known as the Quad, a picturesque Jacobean Revival complex planned around a series of courtyards.	The Quad is a barber shop.	2
The general principle of equal treatment, as we have elaborated it, lends itself to the argument for limiting freedom of speech.	All are in agreement about free speech.	2
(frantically)  No, no, I don't want you to die!	I don't care if you die!	2
The pachuca was the counterpart of the pachuco of the 1940s but also the home-girl archetype that comes together in the young Chicana growing up in an urban ghettoized environment.	Pachucas were bicycles.	2
But I was in haste to land you.	The person was taking their time.	2
And yet he has been what he has been and done what he has done in these last three years,  said she, but she said it sorrowfully now, without any of her earlier scorn.	She spoke happily of his adventures and his personality.	2
Prudence, our advice columnist, has retired, and her column has been taken over by her niece, also named Prudence.	Prudence will still be our advice columnist for the next ten years.	2
On top of this sorry civil-liberties record are the misuse of the FBI in the White House's own original travel-office investigation, and what has come to be known as Filegate.	The White House uses the FBI properly.	2
oh goodness well i was an English major so i like to read period	I was an English major that led me to poverty which is why I cannot stand to touch a single novel.	2
Beside it, the Norman Gothic La Martorana church, partly remodeled with a Baroque faaade and porch, has a fine campanile with four storys of slender mullioned windows.	The church is a very modern style.	2
Pitt, loosely clad in shirt and breeches, leaned against the rail the while and watched him, unmistakable concern imprinted on his fair, frank countenance.	Pitt wore a Batman suit.	2
yeah yeah my place you get two weeks when you start and then every every year they give you an extra day until you've got four weeks	Your time never goes above three days.	2
Whatever happened to the military's traditional heartless approach of finding a scapegoat?	There is no evidence of the military using scapegoats in the past.	2
Developing a CIO organization is an ongoing process that demands a clear understanding of the organizationas responsibility for helping meet business needs.	It's very easy to develop a CIO organization.	2
4 Utilitarians claim that we are equal because we feel pleasure and pain.	4 Utilitarians state that we are unequal because we feel pleasure and pain.	2
Clarke mentioned to National Security Advisor Rice at least twice that al Qaeda sleeper cells were likely in the United States.	Clarke never told National Security Advisor Rice that al Qaeda sleeper cells were probably in the United States.	2
Woodward's is the best look we're likely to get at Colin Powell's psyche.	Woodward has never met Colin Powell and has no idea who he is.	2
My intuition, of course, has a very specific basis-you are a person who cares, as demonstrated by your annual stewardship donation to your parish.	I can tell you're a real jerk.	2
The pursuit of contributions from the high-tech community is one of the reasons that some candidates have gone to great lengths to develop a high-tech platform.	The candidates are all high tech	2
The FBI must maintain rigorous security and proficiency standards with respect to its permanent and contract employees.	The FBI doesn't give any thought to their employees.	2
Both of these can be altered without altering the anticodon-codon matching mechanism.	Neither of these can be altered without altering the anticodon-codon matching mechanism.	2
Unfortunately, our view of the importance of philanthropy is not shared by all Americans.	Every American gives 20% of their income to nonprofits.	2
But uh, they lived in a little country town outside of Augusta called Evans, and Evans still exists, and that's where a lot of my relatives still, still are too.	They lived in Atlanta.	2
During the Sixth Crusade (1228- 1229), the Holy Roman Emperor Frederick II managed to secure Jerusalem for the Christians by negotiation.	The emperor traded for Persia.	2
Nor does democratization change the underlying reality of international  geography.	Democratization plays a big role in the shifting of the reality of international geography.	2
I don't know whether he stayed in Augusta after that.	He moved outside of Augusta right away.	2
While his idea of highlighting this area of research holds great merit, operationalization is problematic.	Highlighting the area has no value.	2
It is time for the proverbial LAST CALL!	Keep on drinking, we never close.	2
Oh, you and your witty repartees and bons mots.	Conversations with you are fairly simple and witless.	2
We can aim more precisely and hit the target more often.	we know we'll fail every time.	2
Insofar as the social insurance program applies to Federal employees, the terms and conditions are generally the same as the program for private employees.	Private employees agree to different terms and conditions than Federal employees.	2
I ask you to join me in renewing your pledge of support to the University Libraries at IUPUI, and to consider increasing that contribution.	The IUPUI is not accepting donations anymore.	2
Two days later, Ahmed al Ghamdi and Abdul Aziz al Omari, who had been living in New Jersey with Hazmi and Hanjour, flew to Miami-probably signifying that the four hijacking teams had finally been assigned.	Ahmed al Ghamdi and Abdul Aziz al Omari stayed in New Jersey rather than flying to Miami.	2
If lite/light simply describes a characteristic of the beer (e.g.	Lite and light are only used to describe wines and whiskey.	2
It was probably the first thing I remember from being a little kid about, ah, especially about something that I'd done wrong.	I don't really have any memories of my childhood.	2
So anyhow, I think I spoke to Ramona again.	I have never talked to Ramona.	2
3. The call was placed from a pay phone in Terminal C (between the screening checkpoint and United 175's boarding gate).	Terminal C was entirely deserted at the time.	2
She realized that perhaps she had, herself, provoked his anger.	He was very happy, so she wasn't worried about his anger.	2
Late 1962, uh, I got orders to go to Washington, D.C.	They told me to go to Africa.	2
In Prinsengracht, Otto Frank and his family hid in the attic of their business premises for over two years before being discovered.	Otto Frank got captured on the second day.	2
And if so, are they often near that boundary?	I know they never travel near the boundary.	2
He has also stated that Atta included a nuclear plant in his preliminary target list, but that Bin Ladin decided to drop that idea.	The final list included four different nuclear plants, each hand picked by Bin Ladin.	2
That same day, the supervisor forwarded the lead to an intelligence agent to open an intelligence case-an agent who thus was behind the wall keeping FBI intelligence information from being shared with criminal prosecutors.	The lead was never forwarded and was just forgotten instead.	2
Then, the same representative who made the initial visit revisits the new provider to answer questions and discuss any problems noted in the claims sample.	We never got a visit.	2
agency was first opened to serve Lancaster, York and Reading.	Harrisburg was the only city served by the agency initially.	2
Please do not slide on to our lapsed donor list.	We have too many donors, so please stop donating.	2
He may be right, and he may be wrong.	He is absolutely neither right nor wrong.	2
The Smithsonian Natural History Web (page down two or three times)	The Smithsonian is not digitized in any way.	2
Shakur has been identified by Spanish authorities as Farid Hilali.	Shakur didn't go by any other names, because he wasn't very famous.	2
As it snakes up and down the peaks and ridges, the wall conforms to a challenging topography, one that leaves many tourists gasping for breath.	The wall is on the flat ground.	2
Properly implemented, this approach provides reasonable assurance that a trip occurred.	The approach doesn't tell you anything about if a trip occured.	2
Now, these are not issues that ivory-tower libertarians would ignore.	These issues would not cause ivory-tower libertarians to think twice about them.	2
So I just had to take the totals and try and figure it like that.	I have no clue what to do with just the totals please give me more details to figure out this mess.	2
We didn't know where they were going.	we knew just where they were headed.	2
They imagine a dyadic conception of government'the individual pitted against the state.	Individuals had complete control over all of the state's governmental decisions.	2
Goistering was a curious term for loud feminine laughter; a bad worker was called  his excuse might well be, Old Laurence has got hold of me today!	Goistering refers to a baby's laugh.	2
This collection of European and Puerto Rican art, probably the finest in the Caribbean, would be very much at home in any European capital.	The collection has no European and Puerto Rican art.	2
So anyway, um, he ended up coming in there and he was like, How's it coming along?	He didn't speak to us at all.	2
However, it may also be anticipated that using the ED visit as a teachable moment may be effective for non-injured persons who drink at risk excessively.	People with drinking problems are not permitted to visit the ED.	2
I made my Indianapolis debut as a stage director a month ago with Inherit the Wind, a classic of the American stage, attended by more than 5,500 junior high and high school students.	I've never worked as a stage director.	2
so i want to keep at it because i know that if you don't uh there's there's lots of problems that you can have	There's no point in trying, so I just don't bother.	2
well well not not even lately tell me	It happens every day!	2
The  an inadvertent omission of a hyphen from the computer's mass of coded mathematical ascent guidance instructions.	Mathematical instructions written for computers never contain errors.	2
Before we've run another half-mile we shall be within range.   Wolverstone swore elaborately, then suddenly checked.	Remaining silent, Wolverstone realized that it was impossible for them to get into range.	2
I was the only one that uh, ever run the regulators for the, the test in the miniature altitude chambers.	There were a few of us who ran the regulators for the test.	2
As all hope in moving the Taliban faded, debate revived about giving covert assistance to the regime's opponents.	They refused to give up hope in moving the Taliban and were in agreement about doing it alone.	2
And she was always there for us	She never supported us in anything!	2
And we know that Professor Honey has it right when he writes about	We know that Professor Honey is incorrect according to his writing.	2
Names, such as  Sad Girl	Names, like happy girl	2
Ah, another thing that happened there that I thought was interesting was one of the first memories of my sister, and that was in that very same backyard.	I have no memories of that house.	2
but aside from that i hope it's still warm not too cold maybe maybe maybe well maybe a little snow on Christmas Eve or something would be nice but it doesn't look good	I wish a blizzard would come through.	2
Temporarily suspending legal representation during a client's absence by seeking a continuance is not a viable alternative to formally withdrawing from the case.	It's fine to just stop representing a client.	2
They have to go through a number of altitude chambers, uh, rides before they start even flying U2's or flying with pressure suits.	They just let you fly U2s on the first day.	2
The principal figures on Bush's White House staff would be National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice, who had been a member of the NSC staff in the administration of George H.W.	Condoleezza Rice was a relatively unknown figure on Bush's staff.	2
mine are too but i think it's a real real a real serious situation for a lot of people	I think everyone is doing great and have no worries!	2
Property is an endless succession of bubbles in space, or cyberspace, with different people claiming an endless variety of interests in them.	No one ever really owns property.	2
Um, no, to be honest, I never read any of the books I was supposed to.	I read books every day.	2
Fiscal year 2000 was a tremendous year of accomplishment and achievement for GAO a a year of great service to the Congress and of great benefit to the American taxpayer.	2000 was the worst year ever.	2
Although we readily equate KSM with al Qaeda today, this was not the case before 9/11.	Everyone always equated KSM with al Qaeda.	2
well i don't think he i don't think he wants to do that but he he certainly would be like an elder statesman or whatever	I know he would love to do that!	2
As it happens, of course, there are more distinctive dialects of English in Britain than in North America, and anyone who has spent any time listening to them knows that some are mutually unintelligible.	North American and British dialects are exactly the same, and people can't distinguish any difference between them.	2
The detainee dates the Slahi meeting to October 1999.	The meeting took place in December of 1998.	2
In the case of American 11, the last normal communication from the plane was at 8:13 A.M.	There was never any communication from American 11.	2
is that like match savings	I have nothing that I could compare it too.	2
But in homes in which family members are preoccupied with the computer, especially the Internet, time spent communicating and enjoying joint leisure activities declines.	There is proof that computers and internet enhance communication within a family.	2
oh i see well i like the atmosphere myself	I do not like the negative energy this place gives off.	2
Plans to house parliament here after Independence came to nothing	The Parliament is located here.	2
Heave her to, and signal to them to send a boat.   A silence of astonishment fell upon the ship--of astonishment and suspicion at this sudden yielding.	No one on board the ship was shocked in any way.	2
Therefore, the total estimated time to modify the Title V operating permit is about 17 months, plus the additional time to complete compliance testing.	It is not possible to modify the Title V operating permit.	2
Consequently, adults do not need to  tutor  preschoolers in pretending, as they sometimes do when helping them master puzzles or other similar tasks.	Preschoolers are naturally better at puzzle solving than at playing pretend games.	2
The consequence is that there is a characteristic size distribution of avalanches in the ordered regime and a very dierent distribution in the chaotic regime.	There are no avalanches in the regime.	2
The rights attach to those suspected of crime.	Anyone who is suspected of crime has no rights at all.	2
Sofias, next to the Megaro Mousikis Metro station.	Sofias is inside the Megaro Mousikis Metro station.	2
Once you're off the traffic-squeezed main arteries, you'll find that Albufeira's old town preserves a surprising bit of traditional charm.	Albuferia is bustling and crazy!	2
He eventually added a cloister, a gallery, and a tower.	He never added anything.	2
From May to mid-October, the Boston Harbor Cruise Company (Tel.	Boats aren't allowed in the Boston Harbor.	2
Pitt, at his post beside the helmsman, turned intrepidly to face the excited gunner.	The gunner was feeling grim as Pitt approached him.	2
Ogle,  said he, in a voice cold and sharp as steel,  your station is on the gun-deck.	He told Ogle that his station is always in the galley.	2
We're just trying to figure out what's going on.	We don't care about what is going on and have no desire to figure it out.	2
We have been told that Pickard and Ashcroft did not have a good relationship.	Pickard and Ashcroft were known to be very close friends.	2
You take that tone! You dare to take that tone!  she cried, astounding him by her sudden vehemence.	She had remained silent with her encounter with him.	2
He had found the only way, and repellent though it might be to him, he must take it.	He had a profound desire to take hold of it.	2
And, of course, Androv Gromikov didn't answer anything, but we had all the information from the films the U2 had taken.	We had no footage, so we just had to guess.	2
You'll see videos of Anne's story and of Amsterdam under occupation along with photographs and artifacts of the time.	You will not see photographs.	2
This year's alumni luncheon is scheduled for October 23, 1991, during the AMRA Annual Meeting in Nashville, Tennessee.	The AMRA Annual Meeting was in Texas in 1991.	2
For the necessity of moving from need-to-know to need-to-share, see James Steinberg testimony, Oct. 14, 2003.	James Steinberg was adamant that sharing data was to be avoided at all costs.	2
I am pressed,  she informed him.	She was feeling relaxed, as she relayed to him.	2
throw a Coke ad in there	Do not put any ads up.	2
In the same way, manual typewriters depend on the full force of the fingers to create words, rather than on electric (or electronic) assistance.	Typewriters require electric assistance to form words.	2
Built in a.d. 688-691, it is decorated in thousands of exquisite, predominantly blue and yellow, Persian ceramic tiles, with Koranic scriptures on the lintels.	There is nothing decorative there.	2
no they're still they're still on tour they've been touring since late sixties	They recently ended their tour.	2
My sister keeps telling me, she says, Sometimes you're just like Granny, you treat people wrong for the wrong reasons.	My siter said I was nothing like my granny.	2
Rice and others recalled the President saying, I'm tired of swatting at flies.	Rice had never heard the President say anything.	2
(a) Change each d or t in the target to c.	Each c in the target should be changed into a d.	2
The mandala members of the infinite stack of mandalas dier from one another only in the fundamental amplitudes, hence laws, that apply to each mandala.	Mandala members are immortal.	2
Expressly.   His lordship waited a moment for a reply.	The lordship replied immediately and only figuratively.	2
the design, we were concerned that payment would be authorized before verifying that the travel actually took place.	We knew the payment would take forever.	2
Some names, although they may be objectionable, are not changed.	Due to worries about political correctness, all potentially objectionable names were altered.	2
Caller says,  Thank you for taking my call.	No one answered the caller.	2
The series also included Operation Infinite Resolve, a variety of proposed follow-on strikes on al Qaeda targets in Afghanistan.	There were no plans available to follow up on targets in Afghanistan.	2
I've been affiliated with the IRT for 17 years.	I don't have anything to do with the IRT.	2
But Blood's mind was now made up.	As he tried to think, Blood remained indecisive.	2
24 These features would also be appropriate for GMRA accountability reports.	These features would be totally inappropriate for GMRA accountability reports.	2
Skeat will not in this case ignore this note and repeat the offence at some future time.	Skeat isn't going to pay any attention to the note.	2
i'm looking forward to it	I am really dreading it, to be honest.	2
In sociodramatic play as well, opportunities to act out and coordinate various roles probably help children grasp similarities and differences between people in desires, beliefs, and feelings.	Children can't learn anything.	2
In the case of animals that are not recovered by-their owners, your Humane Society uses a wide variety of - services to aid those animals and give them a chance at a happy life.	All of the animals are recovered by their owners.	2
This statement was issued the day after the financial markets reopened.	The financial markets operate continuously and are never shut down.	2
Speakers who want to impress their audiences know they have to telegraph key points and facts, then announce them, then repeat, dramatize, explain, and embellish.	Speakers who want to impress their audience should speak accurately and not repeat themselves.	2
And she shivered at the memory of it.	She exclaimed with delight at just the thought of it!	2
As all the time I was kneeling with my forehead on the wood in front of me, and was thinking of myself as praying, I was a little ashamed.	I kept my head held high.	2
Colenia de Sant Jordi is lined with hotels and villas, but it seems a rather half-hearted attempt at a resort.	The street has a giant resort.	2
Tung has vowed to crack down on property speculators, but many think his bark will be worse than his bite.	Tung does not care about property speculators.	2
Dominant Mendelian gene, you see, easily selected once the right environmental conditions arose.	The right environmental conditions for the dominant Mendelian gene never arose.	2
Upcoming events you'll not want to miss	There's nothing exciting happening here.	2
Mr. Kaplan's generation has largely died off, and its progeny have become Americanized.	All of Mr Kaplan's generation still lives today.	2
To the east of the gate is the Olympieion, site of the largest temple ever built on Greek soil.	Greece and its people have never figured out how to build temples.	2
Deborah Cameron and Deborah Hills (`Listening in': negotiating relationships between listeners and presenters on radio phone-in programmes ) have studied the output of LBC Radio, London's  all-talk  station, which I have listened to with interest.	I don't own a radio and have no interest in listening to radio programmes.	2
Funds are needed here for use as seed money as we work toward establishing projects that should become self-supporting for the school.	We don't need any more money, just your time.	2
He realized that he might have to retreat in a hurry.	He realized that he had all day to retreat.	2
The chairlift is a great favourite.	No one likes the chairlift.	2
In 1990 the Program established the Elton T. Ridley Distinguished Service Award.	The award didn't start until 2002.	2
How could I in honesty have detained them? It was in the bargain.	I detained them as soon as I saw them.	2
Based on the estimated time periods needed to complete each of the four phases described above, the estimated time period to complete the implementation of SCR on one combustion unit is about 21 months.	The implementation of SCR on a combustion unit takes a few hours.	2
Keeping the integrationist faith are black liberals like Professors Henry Louis Gates and Cornel West. Joining them is black economist Glenn Loury, a conservative who broke ranks to endorse affirmative action as a necessary policy.	Glenn Loury is a street sweeper.	2
An entrance tunnel with a kitchen alcove on one side, and storage alcoves on the other, leads to the main living area.	The living area is up some stairs in the attic.	2
The Liao capital at Beijing, then known as Yanjing, occupied the southeast region of what is the modern capital today, with the Fayuan Temple the only surviving monument.	No trace of the Liao capital at Beijing has survived to modern times.	2
Some Athenians even urged the Assembly to declare war on the Macedonian King.	All the Athenians wanted to stop the war.	2
I don't care how you get it done.	I need to know exactly how you will do this.	2
Children would knock on the doors of their neighbors and	Children would never set foot on their neighbors' property.	2
For the subsequent identification, see CIA cable, follow-up source on KSM, July 11, 2001.	There is nowhere else to look for details on the subsequent identification.	2
A growing body of evidence demonstrates that interventions in the emergency department are effective and that treatment referral can work.	There is nothing an emergency department can do in these cases.	2
Uh, I was still the one and only nine two-two that had ever set the injection on the regulator.	I was never a 922.	2
Their requirements are far more modest in size and complexity.	Their requirements are much more liberal.	2
Aside from scrutinizing various official records, the Czech government also reviewed surveillance photos taken outside the Iraqi embassy.	The Czech government had no surveillance materials.	2
Thus, as the diversity of the objects in the web increases, the diversity of prospective niches for new goods and services increases even more rapidly!	More objects on the web makes it harder to have niche markets.	2
On your way, you'll pass the Palace of Fine Arts, a restored relic of the Panama-Pacific International Exposition.	The Palace of Fine Arts is all original.	2
The pattern repeated itself a century later when the Moors invoked the aid of the Almohads in 1151.	The Moors were independent and did it all alone.	2
how would you do aerobics	Please stop talking about aerobics.	2
It should be noted that the impact of postal density on cost is greater in France than in the	Postal density has no impact on cost.	2
61 Although eventually young people  gure out that effort can compensate for low ability, girls may conclude that mastering complex math is not worth the cost'extremely high effort.	Girls think math is easy.	2
In some variants a young girl specifically transgresses religious beliefs by insisting on going to a dance on Good Friday, a religious holy day, and a revered day of prayer in Chicano Catholic households.	The girl knew she couldn't do anything but go to church.	2
Indeed, Bios Group is involved in inventing and making them.	Bios Group is not allocating any resources into them.	2
Under the altar, a silver disc surrounds a hole marking the place where, tradition says, Jesus's cross was raised alongside those of the two thieves on either side.	The men next to Jesus were innocent.	2
Please understand that Federal Regulations prohibit FAA personnel, XXXX Airlines, and all other air carriers from sharing specific information regarding this program with the public.	The FAA can say whatever they want.	2
Successful economies rely on vibrant private sectors, which have an interest in curbing indiscriminate government power.	Totalitarian governments usually rely on the support of competitive private sector companies for support.	2
yeah people who who could be at work at any time or whose decisions could be clouded if they had to make a decision	Yeah, people whose decision faculties are never impaired.	2
Jane,Dave, and an FBI analyst who was on detail to the CIA's Bin Ladin unit went to New York on June 11 to meet with the agents about the Cole case.	The FBI analyst never spoke about the case because it was too upsetting.	2
The time needed to complete this phase of an implementation project is about 17 months for SCR.	It takes 4 months from start to finish.	2
The pachuco speech, a combination of English and Spanish, also called cale, was a fascinating fusion drawing from many linguistic sources.	The pachuco speech is a fusion of German and Spanish.	2
Descriptions of the wetback experience have been chronicled and narrated in corridos (ballads) and novels.	There hasn't been any writing that involves descriptions of the wetback experience.	2
We assume a direct linear relationship between volume per capita and pieces per possible	We know there's no connection between volume per capita and pieces per possible.	2
It is operated by simply lifting two planks of wood by hand	It lists 10 planks of wood.	2
This is not to say that the Western tradition has a monopoly on Niceness.	Western tradition has a monopoly on ugliness.	2
This is not to say that for the purpose of administrative efficiency, it would not make sense to divide functions between the federal and state governments.	Only federal governments can have functions.	2
uh you know they'll be gone and and uh there won't be as many activities do you uh	They'll stay and things will be just like they always have been	2
One difference is that other groups need to do so because in order to function they must either attach new meanings to existing words and phrases or coin new words and pharases.	The groups can't make up new words.	2
In appreciation for your contribution $100 or more to the campaign, you and a guest are invited to attend a special reception on Thursday, March 23,2000 from 5:30- 8:00 PM in Herron Hall.	You must donate at least $10,000 to be invited to attend the reception.	2
On KSM's assistance to al Qaeda, see Intelligence reports, interrogations of KSM, July 12, 2003 (two reports).	There are no documents containing information about the KSM.	2
yeah i i just um heard of him this year my boyfriend um he uh likes some types of country music and he was listening to that and it	My boyfriend is deaf so he can't listen to music.	2
But anyway, the animals would get loose all the time, especially the goats.	The goats were kept safe and secure.	2
I'll be getting my hat and cane and sword, and go ashore in the cock-boat.	I am going to stay here and not go ashore.	2
Notice how the trompe l'oeil painting on the low arched ceiling aspires to turn the little church into a lofty Gothic cathedral.	The painting would turn the church into a harem.	2
there, click Actress. You should find yourself...	You are a man.	2
The deleteriously loaded term elaborate scheme popped into the hearings with Representative Jack Brooks' words,  ..	Jack Brooks is a plumber.	2
It was not a bicultural or binational position, but rather a position between cultures, a  hanging in space  position.	It is public knowledge that there was only one culture.	2
I believe that it was nothing but the hope of taking and hanging Captain Blood that made my uncle leave his Barbados plantations to accept the deputy-governorship of Jamaica.	My uncle used to love Captain Blood and he never left his plantations in Barbados.	2
For example, a program chairman prepared in longhand a few laudatory introductory remarks about a   ..	Nobody prepared any introductory remarks.	2
That Swede church  isn't quite the same as  That Swedish church.	THe Swede Church and the Swedish church are the same.	2
The flow of saving is essential to accumulating a stock of wealth-as a general rule someone who never saves will have no wealth.	You usually end up with money no matter what.	2
If you would like additional information about the IU School of Medicine campaign or Dr. Field's research, please call 274-3270.	Dr. Field works as a dentist at University of Florida.	2
It isn't that.   But they were fated to misunderstand each other.	They never misunderstood each other.	2
The country is all, sir; the sovereign naught.	The country is merely a part of the whole, sir.	2
And I was like, I'm almost done.	I told him I'd never finish.	2
20 Conversely, dissaving-spending more than current income-reduces the stock of wealth because amounts saved in the past must be drawn down, existing assets sold, or borrowing increased.	Dissaving means you save a ton of money.	2
That is also true of famous Hoosiers such as James Whitcomb Riley, Eugene V. Debs and Madam C.J.	Eugene Debs never left California.	2
A specific cloud, like our biosphere, presumably becomes kinetically trapped into a very special set of complex molecular species that happen to have formed as the cloud evolves.	Molecular species never form, they jsut have always been.	2
huh-uh uh not downhill we do have cross country skies and	We dont like skiing, so we just buy bowling materials.	2
And for what had he placed himself in this position? For the sake of a girl who avoided him so persistently and intentionally that he must assume that she still regarded him with aversion.	He put himself in his current position for a girl that was obsessed with him.	2
And they moved to Mallard Creek in Charlotte.	They never moved to Charlotte.	2
00 Under 6 yr - Free Tour and Military Rate $3.	Unfortunately at this time there is no rate for our military members.	2
She left him, and thereafter with Wolverstone, leaning upon the rail, he watched the approach of that boat, manned by a dozen sailors, and commanded by a scarlet figure seated stiffly in the stern sheets.	The boat that was approaching was a tiny one, containing only 3 people.	2
The confusion created by a such a requirement would be significant.	These requirements will not cause any confusion.	2
Thus, the demographic data for the same 5-Digit ZIP Code could be averaged into the totals for two different quartiles.	The demographic data helped the schools.	2
Thus, when PP is in high concentration, it tends to inhibit its own resynthesis.	When PP has a high concentration, it speeds up resynthesis.	2
well it seems to me that that i'm paying anyway because when i go or my insurance carrier anyway when i pay something the bills seem inordinately high	My health care is always free!	2
The time from placing the order to completion of commissioning activities is 46 weeks for both units.	It takes both units no more that a week to complete each order.	2
The remaining dimensions are imagined as curled up on the Planck length scale in what are called  Calabi-Yau  spaces, or more generally, compactified moduli.	Calabi-Yau spaces are spread out a ton.	2
To do otherwise would send a troubling message to GAO's employees, the press, and the public.	It doesn't matter what you do, the workers will hear what they want to hear.	2
One of the great interiors of this period is the main living space of the Tugendhat House, designed by Mies Van der Rohe in 1928.	The main living space of the Tugendhat House is considered an abomination.	2
Indeed, your history of support of the Lowell Nussbaum Society pays much more than your rent.	Since you have never supported the Lowell Nussbaum Society, we encourage you to do so now.	2
yeah exactly i mean by the time you get through outfitting yourself and then having to go sweat doing it uh you could you could go on a Club med uh  everything inclusive vacati on	It's really cheap to get outfitted.	2
This was the temper of the times.	This wasn't the temper of the times.	2
Pei tower a winding path leads up to Hong Kong Park.	There are no paths that go to Hong Kong Park.	2
Among the 27 hiking trails the best are the Glasgow Lakes trail to John Deer Lake and the trail around Beulach Ban Falls and French Mountain.	Glasgow Lakes trail is considered to be one of the worst trails.	2
The rabbis were not impressed by these signs.	The rabbis were not aware of the signs.	2
For aids to the September 11 evacuation, see, e.g., Civilian interview 14 (Apr.	There are no aids available with regards to the September 11 evacuation.	2
I must return to Colonel Bishop for my orders,  he informed them.	He said that he didn't have to go to Colonel Bishop to get orders.	2
For the IUPUI University Libraries to have collections, access, and services which meet your expectations requires friends and partners both inside the University and throughout the community, state and nation.	The IUPUI doesn't have any volunteer funding or help.	2
themselves and i like some of their songs but as as i agree as a general rule i i wouldn't choose rap either	I love rap but their songs are horrible.	2
The information security group conducts between 8 and 12 sessions a month.	The security group conducts a session every single day of the month.	2
Let me close by answering in advance the question that I know I'll be asked in e-mail, namely, Are you really serious?	I know that I have answered each and every question, and there are no more questions to answer.	2
We have a long way to go before we reach our goal of $365,000 from friends and subscribers such as yourself.	We don't have any benchmarks in regards to money.	2
Some of these concepts have demonstrated their success at an experimental level and are ripe for expansion.	None of them have succeeded.	2
My hero, though, is Richard Heseltine, the chairman of the Overseas Investment Trust, who resigned earlier this month in opposition to the business plan forced on him by his superiors.	Heseltine has no plans to retire.	2
Looking for the Key to Keeping Safe (Sorry for the bad pun.)	I don't see anything funny about what i just said.	2
In the context of Mexican folk music la cancien ranchera is a love song, sung by the common folk, the peasants of the rural countryside.	La cancien rancheras are songs that only deal with cockroach infestations.	2
They sat at a computer terminals and would key in some kind of alphanumeric code that evoked many names.	They only typed in punctuation.	2
Freshwater anglers must have a permit ask at the nearest tourist office for information on how to obtain one.	You can just catch whatever you want, whenever you want.	2
The Stampede was originally conceived to show all the techniques and excitement of rounding up cattle on the prairies.	The Stampede had nothing to do with cattle.	2
The pachuco was disdained in the U.S. by both the Mexican American and Anglo communities, and likewise in Mexico by the media and the intellectuals.	Pachuco was embraced in the US by Mexican Americans.	2
On returning to the United States, Hage was met at the airport by FBI agents, interrogated, and called the next day before the federal grand jury then investigating Bin Ladin.	Hage was never interrogated by FBI agents.	2
Hark to the gentleman!  he mocked.	The gentleman was never mocked before.	2
Mihdhar received a new U.S. visa two days after the CIA-FBI meeting in New York.	Mihdhar never got a visa, so he never came to the us.	2
Mr. Nields replied,  I'm perfectly happy to use the expression `lengthy statements.	Mr. Nields hated saying that!	2
By the same token, the overall risk associated with fickle consumers, numerous selling seasons, and segmented markets'along with fierce overseas competition'has currently made this a tough arena for American retailers and manufacturers.	American retailers are all thriving right now.	2
Without your help we will lose some of this grant money.	We don't need your help, we have everything we need.	2
Her sister could pass for white, and in fact did pass for white.	Sher sister was very dark.	2
It was an amazing mood swing.	Her mood stayed completely consistent.	2
So I heard,  she admitted in a small voice.	Her voice was loud and booming.	2
The lake itself lies in the shadow of several high mountains, including Scafell Pike, the highest in England at 977 m (3,205 ft).	A few mountains, including the Scafell Pike, are fully submerged in the lake.	2
By taking advantage of them all, we need not depend on any one point in the system to do the whole job.	We must rely on only one piece of the system .	2
I want to say that the autonomous agents comprising that community had, individually and collectively, the embodied know-how to get on with making a living in the natural games that constituted their world.	The agents weren't able to be paid.	2
..one you would be proud to be part of and support?	One that you would loathe to be a part of.	2
Since Title 7 requires the validity of travel claims to be established prior to certification for payment, we believe that listing all expenses individually on the travel voucher helps satisfy this requirement.	Title 7 is about cookies.	2
and uh but it suddenly comes from somewhere i don't know where it comes from but	It comes like molasses and I know exactly when it will be coming.	2
The explosion killed six people, injured about 1,000 more, and exposed vulnerabilities in the World Trade Center's and the city's emergency preparedness.	The explosion caused almost no damage.	2
Your membership will provide you with admittance to our members only activities as well as full credentials to all official Convention sessions.	You will still have to pay to get into all the events.	2
The landmark acquisition in December of 75 rare and important hanging scrolls and folding screens is evidence of the commitment to build the IMA's permanent collection of world art.	They didn't acquire anything new, so the museum closed.	2
The poor overworked noun was even used where neither it nor any alternate was needed.	The noun should be used more.	2
Guns and other forms of weaponry fall into this category.	Guns are not in a category.	2
If you're feeling up to it, push on along the Mist Trail, past Emerald Pool, to Nevada Fall, and you'll begin to lose the crowds.	Nevada Fall is a crowded area.	2
South Carolina's collaborative efforts produced another success the following year.	No one in South Carolina worked together.	2
Your motives were no doubt worthy... your gratitude to him for delivering you from the Spaniards.	You hate him for delivering you from the Spaniards.	2
They stressed that constant vigilance was needed to ensure that controls remained appropriate--addressing current risks and not unnecessarily hindering operations--and that individuals who used and maintained information systems complied with organizational policies.	It didn't matter if they all slacked off.	2
Her sister's husband was light-skinned too.	her sister wasn't married.	2
Due to the generosity of Indiana tax law, a contribution to the University of any amount up to $200 will only cost you half that amount--less the deduction you claim on your federal tax return.	Lucky for us, Indiana does not have any tax laws.	2
She was very white, and she kept her eyes upon her folded hands.	She was blue and she kept her eyes closed all the time.	2
PDBs were not routinely briefed to congressional leaders, though this item could have been in some other intelligence briefing.	It is certain that everyone in congress had been informed of the PDBs.	2
Many of your suggestions involved actions that, while amusing and cruel, are not illegal but merely unlikely (Most men would be too scared to lift it while the monkey was in the room.)	Your actions are outright illegal.	2
The Poble Espanyol (Spanish Village), on Montjuac's northeastern flank, is an attraction for which the cliche  fun for the whole family  might have been invented.	The Pble Espanyol is only for adults.	2
This letter is to let you know that we still need your help to continue our record of strong fiscal management, vibrant theatrical productions and outstanding educational programs.	We don't need any more funds for our programs.	2
Then I was spinning my wheel for about, I don't know, it seemed like all day that day.	I hurried and got it over with quickly.	2
Wittgenstein's point is that one cannot, in general, reduce statements at a higher level to a finitely specified set of necessary and suYcient statements at a lower level.	Wittgenstein rarely spoke more than one or two words, as he believed this was all that was required to communicate.	2
I was coming out on the Royal Mary....	The Royal Mary suffered failures before my trip, so I had to arrive on the Blue Teacup instead.	2
Should you switch to Linux?	Should you keep using Linux?	2
One rares back and uses this phrase when one finds himself in surroundings of unaccustomed elegance, such as sipping an aperitif in an elegant restaurant with a bevy of tuxedoed waiters dancing attendance.	This phrase is used in the roughest and most casual of situations.	2
To better help us assist you, write, fax or E-mail and tell us more about yourself.	We don't need to know anything about you.	2
Time foresees trouble for the SAT.	The SAT is timeless and there will be no trouble in the future.	2
Present your basis for assessing the reliability of the data as undetermined.	The data was assessed to be entirely reliable.	2
Our pediatric physicians are studying birth defects, childhood cancers, blood disorders, and bone marrow Transplant techniques, and our medical and molecular genetics research continues to unravel genetic mysteries.	We fired our pediatricians last year, due to their laziness.	2
Indeed, this spreading is the first time step of the spreading of a purple avalanche of damage.	This is the last part of damage.	2
. running up and down.	Walking up and down.	2
In you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to call our Membership Services Coordinator, Chris Young, at (800) 877-6773.	If you have any additional questions, don't call Chris Young, because he's deaf and mute.	2
Retirement fund, consists of exchange revenue and other financing sources.	The retirement fund has no funding sources.	2
But many could not resolve one way or the other until they were satisfied upon several questions, and chiefly upon one which was voiced by Ogle.	All the questions were quickly decided on and a resolution was quickly created.	2
61--Federal employees may be covered by social insurance programs such as Social Security62 and Medicare under the same terms and conditions as the rest of the covered population.	The terms and conditions are different for Federal employees.	2
Banquet is not nearly parquet,	Banquets and parquet mean the same thing.	2
On the other hand, there are responsibilities such as IT planning and oversight that must remain in-house.	There is not IT planning.	2
Ultimately, the CEO controls the assignment of information technology and management functions to the CIO, the CIO organization, and other organizational units.	The CIO works to get information out to people.	2
At this point the priest places his hand on the missal and vanishes.	The priest takes the book and throws it into the fire to burn for warmth.	2
Your station is on the gun-deck.	You are not assigned to the gun deck.	2
Nobody knew where they went.	Everyone knew exactly where they were going.	2
With that leap, a regular crystal cannot encode much  information.	Regular crystals are a very high density information storage medium.	2
23Financial  Continued Momentum Essential to Achieve CFO Act Goals	23Financial has lost momentum in achieving their executive goals.	2
They concluded that none of the passengers was connected to the 9/11 attacks and have since found no evidence to change that conclusion.	They are certain that several of the passengers were involved in the attacks.	2
Her name is Amali which means hope - and she is certainly a wonderful representative of the hope that IZS has to further conservation efforts for African elephants in Zoos and in the wild.	IZS focuses on zebra help.	2
I hope to live to the year 2000 to help with the Yiddish Guide .  I am sure that Yiddish will still be around, surviving its detractors, as it has for a thousand years.	I'm sure the Yiddish culture will unfortunately be lost by the year 2000.	2
Everybody gets champagne and some people don't drink it so what's left the kids drink so we were going around drinking all this champagne.	The whole party was dry and no alcohol was served.	2
Nothing stands out about any of them with respect to the only security layer that was relevant to the actual  checkpoint screening.	Alarming evidence was discovered during the checkpoint screening.	2
Even the location of the building is a technological marvel.	The building is very old and basic.	2
so if we have the opportunity just because it's quieter	It's so loud that we just won't have the chance to talk.	2
This letter is to let you know that, while we've experienced some success this season, we still need your help to continue our record of strong fiscal management and vibrant theatrical productions.	We have all the help we need!	2
This was the island bought by Errol Flynn when he settled in Port Antonio in 1946	Errol Flynn did not buy an island.	2
And I sympathize with your remark on page 19: Brunner's First Law of Authorship   In any given body of text there is at least one error that its writer has read straight past three times.	Writers are very meticulous; not a single error passes unnoticed under their eyes.	2
That is not in the bargain.	Everything is included in the bargain.	2
23, 2004 (nearly two-thirds of the known leaders of al Qaeda had been killed or captured).	By 2004 the US had still not killed or captured a single al Qaeda leader.	2
At the center of the resort, in the sheltered waters of the inner lagoon, there is a  Swim with the Dolphins  program.	They've banned all dolphins at the resort.	2
We observed subtly dierent shades of brown grass, trees, dirt, dust, hawks, mice, and agreed.)	We thought it was terrible that there were so many different colors.	2
For affected EGUs for 2010 and each year thereafter, the Administrator shall allocate mercury allowances under section 474, and conduct auctions of mercury allowances under section 409, in the amounts in Table A.	There is no limit for mercury, because it's harmless.	2
You are making too much of this.	You aren't making enough.	2
And what should be happening to me, Jeremy? Sure, now, I'll be back for dinner, so I will.   Blood climbed down into the waiting boat.	Blood got into a bathtub and sailed away.	2
And a couple of miles this side of it, bearing after them, came speeding three great white ships.	No ships were visible anywhere.	2
[XVIII,4] refers to huevos in its slang sense, `balls,' not its literal sense, `eggs.	Huevos does not mean balls.	2
Vanilla , extracted from the seedpods of a tropical plant, was borrowed from Spanish vainilla , which denoted the flower, the pod, or the flavoring.	Vanilla is named after a Dutch word.	2
And if ye' weren't a fool, Ogle, you wouldn't need me to tell you this.	One said that Ogle was certainly the smartest man he had ever met.	2
It would take at least many times the current lifetime of the universe for the universe to manage to make all possible proteins of length at least once.	It would only take a couple years to make all the proteins.	2
Today the old building hosts the Edinburgh Experience, a 20-minute, 3-D slide show charting the history of the city and bringing to life the Edinburgh of today (April-October only).	The building does not have a slide show.	2
Bandar al Hazmi continued his training at Arizona Aviation with intermittent trips home to Saudi Arabia, before departing the United States for the last time in January 2000.	Bandar al Hazmi never traveled to the US.	2
For the truth is that a building'no matter how useful or well built or beautiful'that is not sympathetic to the way that people dress risks looking not merely anachronistic, but downright silly.	A building can be beautiful but worthless.	2
Well it got to where there's two or three aircraft arrive in a week and I didn't know where they're flying to.	There are never any aircraft arriving.	2
I was as fast as--as lightning, you know.	The event took ages to come to an end, you know.	2
Commission analysis of FAA air traffic control data.	The FAA air traffic control data was never examined.	2
She should be able to do the assignment, just like everyone else!	She dropped out of the class last week.	2
Nothing underscores the subtle complexities of language more strikingly than the miscommunications that occur among pilots, crew members, and air traffic controllers.	Pilots are always perfect communicators.	2
and given given that knowledge and stuff with it and he seems to enjoy it	By all accounts, he hates it.	2
Finally, postal density appears to be a more important driver of unit street delivery costs than volume over the actual ranges in France and the U.S.	Postal density doesn't influence costs at all.	2
On a platform above the columns is a carved figure of Chaac-Mool in reclining position, its belly hollowed into a bowl to receive offerings some experts think these included human hearts fresh from the body.	Chaac-Mool gave offerings to the towns people.	2
But if she resented his tone and his words, she stifled her resentment.	She loved the words in which he spoke to her.	2
The reforms that have been adopted so far have profound implications for what government does, how it is organized, and how it performs its services to the country and its citizens.	The reforms have no impact on the government.	2
On-duty ladder companies consisted of a captain or lieutenant and five firefighters	Ladder companies were always commanded by a captain.	2
Well, somehow I suspect that the residents of Madrid and Atlanta, while they may regret some loss of tradition, prefer modernity.	I am quite certain that the residents are strongly against anything that would bring them into the modern world.	2
But he would indeed be feigning naavete to claim that generic man is now understood to include woman.	Men only refers to males.	2
did you go to museums in Europe	Did you visit any museums in Canada?	2
it was um from uh um Wills Point i don't know if you're familiar with	It's from Cambridge.	2
But this ain't England, damme.   Came the roar of a second gun, and a round shot splashed the water less than half a cable's-length astern.	Our boat sailed peacefully near England's shores.	2
The dictionaries I have checked are silent--improperly so, I think--on these senses.	Dictionaries usually expound on these subjects at great length.	2
His hand closed over the butt of one of the pistols slung before him.	He had lost his gun and did not have it on his person.	2
I started immediately, uh, uh, training into that from the other two guys that was at the location.	I never got training so I just figured it out as i went along.	2
yeah i have two two boys twelve and sixteen	I have two boys that are both in their twenties.	2
The real cause for concern is that HMOs may fail to control costs in the long term.	Everyone appreciates that HMOs will be able to control costs in the long term.	2
the the extra nickel or what is it extra thirty cents for a for a for six bottles everybody everybody comes across the border  to buy the cheaper the the cheaper drinks	The bottles are more expensive on the other side of the border.	2
Ogle wrenched it free, with an oath.	Ogle just kept staring at it, without moving.	2
With reinforcements, the Spaniards managed to establish a beachhead.	The Spanish people had no help.	2
This is the way we live today, Gehry seems to be saying, why not enjoy it?	Gehry does not care about happiness.	2
And um, it's different, like under each client, is all their files.	They don't have any of the files.	2
Such a composition would no doubt leave the impression that the string section had suddenly caught fire.	The string section was the only thing that remained after the fire, so obviously the fire started in another section.	2
Blood leaned over the rail to speak to the fair young man immediately below him by the helmsman at the whipstaff.	Blood had walked right past the helmsman, ignoring him entirely.	2
A recent Lou Harris poll indicates that over 66% of today's female business leaders have Girl Scout backgrounds.	Only 10% of female business leaders have been in Scouts.	2
it's um about twenty minutes	It is exactly ten minutes long.	2
In an economy with reinvestment, what happens if we can take our advantages of trade and reinvest any excess so that we can create more apples and pears than we had to start with?	We can't trade with anyone around us.	2
Based on this risk assessment, Centrelink developed a range of specific prevention strategies aimed at educating beneficiaries and employers on income reporting requirements.	Centrelink didn't how how to address the problem.	2
If it was off one iota, you had to do some adjusting to the regulator itself.	The regulator was worthless.	2
Note that a very simple, compact description has captured these features of the nonequilibrium system, and work can be extracted as the gas system flows to equilibrium.	It's all very complicated to explain.	2
The profile was derived from information on the Passenger Name Record and did not include factors such as race, creed, color, or national origin.	Passenger profiles were derived almost entirely based on passenger skin color.	2
The Saronic islands have a longer season stretching from April to October.	The Saronic Islands don't have a season.	2
okay well so let me make sure so so you think that uh maybe a five day waiting period for handguns or that stuff would be legitimate	What about having them just wait five minutes outside before being handed a permit?	2
oh i see oh the state doesn't require it well that's kind of that's rather that's rather unusual isn't it	That makes sense that the state requires it.	2
I'll not be detaining you any longer, ma'am.	You will be detained for the rest of your life, ma'am.	2
For further details, see //www.healtheffects.org/Pubs/NMMAPSletter.pdf.	These are all the details available.	2
And she said then her mama, her mama leaned forward, and she looked and she said, Walks like him.	She said her mom is paralyzed and can't walk.	2
One of the devastating consequences of heart disease is the irreparable damage it does to the heart muscle.	The damage done to the heart muscle by heart disease is easily repaired.	2
An associate of a senior Hezbollah operative was on the same flight that took the future hijackers to Iran.	No Hozbollah operative is known to have ever flown to Iran.	2
schlock `shoddy, cheaply produced merchandise.	Well made and original merchandise.	2
I went to my sister's that lived there . Her husband was in the service and worked with Intelligence, and I went to their house.	My brother never enlisted.	2
So her sister's husband was light-skinned too?	Her sister is single.	2
so that's that is a problem what kind of criteria do you look for when you are shopping around	There is no problem.	2
A drinker of blood, he is.	He has never consumed blood.	2
You are invited to become a part of this important new venture to strengthen this growing partnership of two great state universities in Indianapolis.	There are no state schools in Indianapolis.	2
This question is about the etiquette of having a love affair with a macroeconomist.	The question is related to driving a truck.	2
Treasure Beach is the only resort area to speak of, with just a handful of hotels stretching across three sandy bays.	Treasure Beach is one of the many resorts in the area.	2
But being equal is not equivalent to being the same, identical, or similar.	Equal people are identical to one another.	2
He's chivalrous to the point of idiocy.	He needs to learn to be a little more chivalrous.	2
Sonja the  child  began to mimic her daughter's tantrums.	Nobody was having a tantrum.	2
You'll be able to play alongside the  high rollers  at the roulette or craps tables or put a few coins in the slot machines.	You aren't allowed to play where the high rollers play.	2
This is most apparent in colonnades, which Vincent Scully has likened to hoplites massed in a phalanx.	This is least apparent in colonnades.	2
So I'm like, Oh my gosh, and Ramona was standing there.	Ramona was on the floor curled up in a fetal position.	2
Case files may need to be translated for those clients who read a language other than English.	Case files are only allowed to be in English.	2
The use of new technologies for individualizing brief intervention materials and feedback may help to fill gaps in the system of care for patients with at-risk and problem drinking patterns.	There is no treatment for people with drinking problems.	2
it's real real dangerous i i would think but with all the accidents	It's very safe and therea re no problems.	2
These things are outside of man, while style is man himself.	A person's true self is revealed by concrete facts.	2
There's so much you could talk about on that I'll just skip that.	I want to tell you everything I know about that!	2
One thing M. Tesniares hasn't reckoned with, though, is the Anglo-Saxon input.	M. Tesniares performs Anglo-Saxon input.	2
yeah i'll probably try to go see	There is no way I'm going!	2
Will anyone remember the World Trade Organization in half a century?	The longevity of the World Trade Organization is secure for the next century.	2
The conventional wisdom about the musical Ragtime continues to fluctuate.	The conventional wisdom about the musical Ragtime continues to rise.	2
The next week, my nephew asked for an acoustic guitar for his birthday.	What my nephew really wanted for his birthday was a banjo.	2
Finally, if the data you assessed are not sufficiently reliable, you should include this finding in the report and recommend that the audited entity take corrective action.	Unreliable data should only be reported to law enforcement officials.	2
yeah that's true but  but uh i think i mean even more than that even i mean if you drop out in high school	No, that is not true at all.	2
That sits in shadow of Apollo's tree.	It sits in broad daylight under the sun.	2
gun control means using two hands	The best way forward for gun control is to use both feet.	2
The sounds disturbed Captain Blood from his disgruntled musings.	Captain Blood was able to think his disgruntled thoughts without interruption.	2
In the interests of promoting candor and protecting privacy, we agreed not to identify most individuals we interviewed.	Full biographical information for each interview subject will be made available on request.	2
And that's the wonderful tool of the IRT Education Programs--it lets children witness stories that teach them tools for everyday living and surviving.	The IRT Education Programs help elderly people.	2
Taliban rule has not been popular with non-Pashtun communities or the more sophisticated, liberal-minded residents of the major cities, especially Kabul.	The liberal-minded residents of the major cities are in full support of Taliban rule.	2
and uh so it's a giant plastics plant i think they have a seventy like a seventy five percent market share or something	They are just breaking into the market right now.	2
But they were divided about like who were the field hands and who were the house kids, it was kind of--	They all agreed that they'd all work in the fields.	2
Talk-show guests these days often have had formal training in how to avoid answering questions, and every 3-year-old knows how to deliver a prepackaged sound bite.	Talk-show guests don't know how to avoid answering questions.	2
As a child growing up in the 5O's, one of my happiest memories was attending Civic Theatre productions.	I hated going to theater shows as a kid, so that's why I became a scientist.	2
Some 1,400 years before the Palace of Estei was erected, Milreu was also the large country house of an eminent person.	Milreu was right in the heart of the city.	2
men um free of the charge one guy went in stabbed his ex-wife to death because she was sleeping with another guy i mean ex-wife you know we're talking and	The wife made sure her ex was locked away for lifetime.	2
Several witnesses testified about terminating representation once the alien left the country.	The witnesses would not testify.	2
The least cited reason was to maintain inhouse core	Maintain inhouse core was the most cited reason.	2
You cannot remove these.dll files while Windows is running (which is part of Microsoft's point).	The .dll files have no impact on the Windows operating system and can be deleted whenever you want.	2
Good-morning to you,  he said, and added  I've blundered badly, so I have.	Good-evening to you, he mentioned to him.	2
The DOT had to buy the property and stuff.	The DOT was able to find a different property that they could rent instead.	2
When no threshold is assumed, as is often the case in epidemiological studies, any exposure level is assumed to pose a non-zero risk of response to at least one segment of the population.	Even if there is no threshold, there is a ton of risk from exposure.	2
The major Italian guidebook to Rome soberly claims that this building has been nicknamed Il Colosseo Quadrato , `The Square Colosseum.	The building does not have a nickname.	2
During the Depression, it was the country's poorest province, close to starvation.	The province was known for being home to some of the wealthiest families in the region.	2
I had not been on the Continent long when I wanted to buy some nylons for a girl friend.	I had lived my whole life on the Continent.	2
You know, Peter, that it is Lord Julian alone has stood between Bishop and his hate of you.	The Bishop and Peter are lovers.	2
and that's a lot of it is due to the fact that the mothers are on drugs	The mothers aren't on any prescriptions or drugs.	2
The buses stop either at the station on Isidoro Macabich, or in the case of the small blue buses opposite the Delegacien del Gobierno building on the same avenue.	The buses always stop at Isidoro Macabich.	2
