Dew was no gelding--he had all the equipment .	Dew was a gelding .	2
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT -Federal investment in research and development refers to those expenses incurred in support of the search for new or refined knowledge and ideas and for the application or use of such knowledge and ideas for the development of new or improved products and processes with the expectation of maintaining or increasing national economic productive capacity or yielding other future benefits .	Federal government doesn 't conduct research .	2
Jerusalem has been a Holy Citelonger than any other place on earth .	Jerusalem is the oldest city in the world .	1
That is not a Salamonca , said Jon .	Jon knew Salamonca .	1
Unless , of course , when it comes to Internet shares there is no sensible middle .	Internet shares are extreme .	0
As table 4.1 indicates , there are six general features of data analysis .	There are a few features of data analysis .	0
The man roared out and cleaved off the demon 's other arm .	The man struck the demon 's leg .	2
and so the thing is you know is like i asked a guy you know why why do you wear that he goes well it costs me the same amount which is true because some dress pants you know cost me twenty five dollars which is the same as jeans	I asked a guy before , who told me that it cost the same amount .	0
The cover story maps a political agenda to engage the apathetic Generation fiscal restraint , investment in education and training , and class-based affirmative action .	People are very excited about increasing education investments .	2
Lesvos is the third-largest Aegean island ( after Cete and Evia ) , and it has a long and independent cultural tradition .	The third largest island is Lesvos , with a lengthy cultural tradition .	0
On the other hand , the ability to understand human behavior has clear payoffs for a social animal like Homo sapiens . So it 's not too much to hope that we could work out a detailed and convincing theory of refrigerator locks .	The ability to understand human behavior is helpful for canines .	2
Try to visit early or late in the season to avoid the crowds and their worst excesses .	The best time to visit to avoid crowds is early or late in the season .	0
um-hum um oh i thought it was awful	I loved it .	2
yeah well lessons are are okay if you do it right i think i did i took some lessons uh a couple of years back but to tell you the truth that for a while hurt more than it helped because i it turned out that i couldn 't do anything right after that	I never took any lessons , how are they ?	2
Gilded angels hold lamps illuminating the terse Latin inscriptions .	The latin inscriptions are lit up by lamps .	0
The elegance and grace of this building have something to do with its human dimensions , for although it stands 114 m ( 375 ft ) high and 61 m ( 200 ft ) wide , its height does not in the least overwhelm .	The building was deliberately constructed to have human dimensions .	1
EPA performed a cost-benefit analysis which is summarized in the preamble to the final rule .	The preamble of the final rule had a cost-benefit analysis done by the EPA .	0
well here 's the poor United States they helped us get on our feet so let 's help them	They never helped us so the United States isn 't going to do anything .	2
On the last day of sixth grade in June of 1958 , Miss Barnett ( one of the greatest teachers the world has seen ) let us have a party .	Barnett was kind .	1
It 's only the sincere consideration of a job doing something you truly believe in that can wreck your career in journalism .	All journalists struggle with their careers if they truly believe in their jobs .	1
CMS contracts with over 50 insurance companies to process fee-for-service claims ; however , CMS is responsible for overseeing these contractors and for ensuring that claims are paid accurately and efficiently .	Cms doesn 't have any contracts with agencies .	2
oh there 's parts in it that don 't move yeah	There are certain motionless components in it yes	0
Founded by princess Juana de Austria , the daughter of Holy Roman Emperor Carlos V , in 1566 , the palace was transformed into a convent by the architect responsible for El Escorial .	Princess Juana de Austria was a daughter of a Holy Roman Emperor .	0
i just don 't think it 's important to to some people and maybe thing you know circumstances may change and	I don 't think it 's important to a lot of people .	0
Nothing to see here . ' 	There had been a crime .	1
yeah that 's right why i asked if she was elected or if it if it was something that was passed passed down to her through through the ways that the laws work	I 'm not sure what the selection process is .	1
yeah i don 't think she checks things out very well	She should be more careful and check things out .	1
They attended church services and neighborhood social events because small banks , schools , and other community institutions were run by a local elite that enforced a certain kind of conformity .	The elite not only had control over the financial , educational and community institutions , but also of the residents .	1
The previously ominous music is replaced with an uplifting theme .	The change in music was tied to a change in the scene .	1
The town was a quiet spa and beach resort ( its name means drinking fountain ) until the motorway 's arrival brought it within comfortable commuting distance of the city ; now it is set to become a bustling seaside suburb of Izmir , and a terminal for international ferries from Italy and Greece .	With the arrival of the new spa , the town became a quiet , relaxing place to live .	2
And I met Christina Paqualerra during the tournament there .	I did not meet Christina Paqualerra at a tournament .	2
In general , an X % own-price increase in a product with an own-price elasticity of , increases revenues by X ( 1 + , ) % .	There is no equation for price increase .	2
yes i remember that i had to do some of my husband 's papers because i had access to one but you know he his was more for scientific stuff than for word processing you know so	My husband took care of that all .	2
Homeland Security Homeland New Department Could Improve Coordination but	Homeland security was an old department .	2
Surely there will be an egg ! " She was gone and Drew began covertly to study the other men in the room .	There will be an Egg . She left so drew looked at the men in the room .	0
In October 2000 , the Office of Personnel Management amended regulations to require agencies to link senior executive performance with organizational goals ; to appraise executive performance by balancing organizational results with customer satisfaction , employee perspective , and other areas ; and to use performance results as a basis for pay , awards , and other personnel decisions .	Performance results are not a good basis for deciding on pay and other personnel decisions .	1
A relatively new risk area receiving particular attention in organizational policies was user behavior .	One avenue getting more notice is user behavior .	0
And then Clint Eastwood 's guys blast the hell out of the menswear department .	Clint Eastwood trumped the menswear department .	0
It takes many years to build a reputation which can be lost very quickly if you breach the trust that others hold in you .	It can take moments to build up a reputation , but it takes years to lose that reputation once you 've breached someone 's trust .	2
The living history of Melaka is to be found among the Baba Nyonya community , the descendants of the original Chinese pioneers and entrepreneurs who married local Malay women in the old Straits Settlements Melaka , Penang , and Singapore .	The Baba Nyonya are descended from the original Chinese pioneers .	0
yeah compared to some of the other ones and you don 't have an annual fee there and that helps	They charge you an annual fee of twenty dollars .	2
Less than the cost of a small caliber bullet !	The lipstick is less expensive than a small caliber bullet .	1
But isn 't this ubiquitous propagandizing what we mocked and derided when the Soviets did it ?	When the Soviets participated in propagandizing , we mocked it .	0
One way to prevent this type of color loss is to wash clothes in colder water , but all detergents work poorly in cold water , and many bleaching agents are completely ineffective in cold temperatures .	Most detergents work well in cold water .	2
if they give them all the information i don 't know when it comes to sentencing phase i guess they tell them if a guy if the person has a previous record and stuff	I have a thorough understanding of the sentencing process .	2
In seconds , more than half of those who had waited were screaming upwards toward the hole in the sky .	Many were screaming up towards the sky in a matter of moments .	0
Of course he wasn 't under oath , so that 's OK .	It was clear that he wasn 't under oath , so that 's all right .	0
I think with your name I could get my hands on your hearts , even if you did your worst .	the speaker can use the name to cast magic .	0
A splash of black blood streaked one cheek .	Demon blood streaked one cheek .	1
The sight of me calmed Poirot almost immediately .	Poirot got upset when he saw me .	2
The harem 's principal residence is Jodh Bai 's Palace built for Akbar 's Hindu wife , the first royal spouse not required to convert to her husband 's Islamic faith and was Akbar 's favorite residence at Fatehpur .	The spouse did not need to convert her faith .	0
I told one guy from Night Scene in Biloxi , Miss .	In Biloxi , I told a man from Night Scene .	0
The exhibition is tremendously popular , so be prepared for some long lines at the entrance .	Due to the lack of interest in the exhibition , the lines to get into it are always very short .	2
The Standard rejects the line that Treasury Secretary-designate Larry Summers is a Robert Rubin clone .	The Standard says Summers is just like Rubin and will destroy the Treasury .	1
Her domed Sitting Room is panelled with 17th-century Ketahya tiles , and decor ? Ρted with scenic views .	There are 17th-century tiles in the domed Sitting Room .	0
Her blade caught the inside of his knee and a trail of blood followed .	His leg escaped injury .	2
um-hum and and you can and you still do that	You can paint the walls in here .	1
In a town where spending time in traffic is to be avoided at all costs , one-stop shopping is essential .	The traffic should always be avoided because you will get stopped for hours .	1
yeah it 's it 's we can see it work with her it 's she 's frustrated	that 's new , she looks very relaxed	2
Today China 's economy is more vulnerable to coordinated sanctions that would cut off its exports to industrial countries than ever before , yet it seems less open to democracy than ever before .	The vulnerability associated with China has increased because of a number of people getting richer .	1
big dogs well our first at first they were our child substitutes before we had our children	We never thought of our dogs as family .	2
--providing for waivers for small rural carriers ,	Waivers are provided for small rural carriers .	0
The Postal Reorganization Act of 1970 clearly mandates that the Postal Service innovate by developing effective and efficient postal services adapted to the needs of the Nation 's mail users .	There was an act made in 1970 called The Postal Reorganization Act .	0
The countryside is undistinguished , until suddenly you look down on the emerald-green waters of the Amadorio Dam , a favourite haunt of fishermen and discerning picnickers .	The Amadorio Dam is 10 miles from the main road that winds through the countryside .	1
Legend has it that as Vishnu floated partly submerged in the primeval ocean , a lotus grew out of his navel , issuing Brahma , whose sole task was to create the world .	According to the legend , Vishnu has never been near water .	2
no mine doesn 't either but with specific yeah but with specific cases people but you know the names aren 't familiar anymore and	It is hard to recognize the names these days .	0
kids have to have so much i mean i even get caught up in it with our kids even though i buy most of the things at garage sales for their Christmas i mean	Kids these days have a lot of material things .	0
The countenances of Cynthia and Nibs were suddenly petrified into a stern and forbidding expression .	Cynthia and Nibs were good friends	2
I 'm certain Dr. Bauerstein suspects it .	I don 't think Dr. Baeuerstein suspected .	2
As a matter of fact , instead of focusing on polling 's farcical contributions to an enlightened society , he conveys the notion that polling is / would be credible without the manipulations ( subtle or otherwise ) .	He implies that the polling 's credibility would be better if there were no manipulations .	0
Finally , we can try to remove temptation , by avoiding policy initiatives that make it easy for politicians to play favorites .	Politicians will try for more temptation .	1
Third , some economists believe that government saving has some effect on households ' expectations about future tax rates even across generations .	Most economists over forty believe that government savings has an effect on households ' expectations about future tax rates .	1
did you teach in all subjects or in all grade levels or	You were not a teacher , were you ?	2
Ile Saint-Louis	The Saint-Louis Islands	0
pick up my daughter but anyway it was uh it the it it 's interesting though the the the difficulty with with Dancing with Wolves is that when you make a movie like that and you produce it and then you star in it uh the question is did he did he really know it was gonna be good or did he just do it	Have you seen Dancing with Wolves ?	2
EPA has submitted an Information Collection Request ( ICR ) document to the Office of Management and Budget for approval .	An ICR document has been submitted by EPA to the Office of Management and Budget for approval , said the director .	1
They attended church services and neighborhood social events because small banks , schools , and other community institutions were run by a local elite that enforced a certain kind of conformity .	Everywhere they went and everything they did was on their on accord , without external influences or pressure .	2
but don 't tell the NRA i said that	Make sure the NRA knows I said that .	2
Art Salesmanship	Art isn 't selling .	2
compared the text Witztum and Rips used to other Torah texts--some of which are probably more historically reliable--the Witztum and Rips text produced the strongest results .	The text used by Witztum and Rips produced the strongest results .	0
They squabble over the details of late-term abortions .	They squabble over education details .	2
We know , for example , that Roadway Package Service , at least initially , did not solicit mail for residences and that UPS charges extra for addresses designated as residential .	Roadway Package Service has begun to solicit mail for residences that UPS charges an extra fee .	1
The Kal saw his war club cave in Adrin 's skull .	Adrin 's was killed by the Kal 's warclub .	1
( George W. Bush kills Gore in poll questions about leadership .	George W. Bush goes against Gore in a debate .	0
Figure 2 : Knowledge-based Process for Applying Best Practices to the Development of New Products	No knowledge is put into applying the best practices	2
Don 't be superstitious--hypnotism is silly .	He found hypnotism to be smart .	2
When it was over , our world was as it has been for thousands of centuries .	It was expected that the disaster would continue much longer .	1
And yet , toward the end of this book , just when I was about to file Huntington in the Pat Buchanan section of my brain , he underwent a miraculous transformation .	Huffington has never changed and belongs in the Pat Buchanan camp .	2
Then , a few days ago , another girl gave birth in the bathroom at her high-school prom and dumped the baby in the trash , where it would later be found dead .	Yet another girl abandoned her newborn in the trash of her high-school , where it was eventually found dead .	0
you know i think it 's really catching on you know i i think that	it 's never gonna become popular	2
This skewness results from mail volume being highly correlated with income and U.S. income distribution being much more skewed than Italian income distribution .	U.S. income distribution is more heavily skewed than that of Italy .	0
Thorn was gone into the night .	Thorn left into the night .	0
Menorca , Ciutadella , and Alaior are known for their leather goods .	Menorca , Ciutadella , and Alaior are popular for the leather goods they produce .	0
yeah we actually don 't have we have we 're having some problems of own up here with teachers	We have no problems with teachers here .	2
But Robert Pinsky--also poetry editor of	Robert Pinsky is a poetry editor too .	0
have a nice one Victoria and good luck in your future bye bye	Hope we can meet each other again soon .	1
uh for convenience sakes but i usually just pay them off at the end of the month	I pay them before the first of the next month .	0
95 a month .	between 60 and 75 a month	1
Upstairs is an excellent Walter-Guillaume collection of works by C ? ? zanne , Renoir , Utrillo , Henri Rousseau , and Picasso .	Walter-Guillaume 's collection of works by world-renowned artists can be found and bought upstairs .	1
The warm , sulphurous waters ( around 35 50 ? ? C / 95 122 ? ? F ) are said to be good for treating rheumatism and respiratory complaints .	The sulphur helps with breathing issues because our body doesn 't naturally obtain it .	1
This is worrisome , because Taiwan is by far the hottest issue between the United States and China .	Taiwan is the most significant issue among several diplomatic arguments between United States and China .	0
Now , what reasons are there against Miss Howard 's having deliberately poisoned Mrs. Inglethorp ? "	Mrs. Inglethorp was poisoned by Miss Howard .	0
He stood , put on his hat and tipped it at Susan .	Since he was a gentleman , he tipped his hat at Susan .	1
Jon , Adrin , and San 'doro said nothing .	They were all talking a lot .	2
But if you want to create our very own Quebec , go ahead and pass an official English law .	They were told to never step foot in Quebec .	2
oh yeah i agree because it 's not fair to those of us that that deserve a safe you know life to have to	It is not fair to people who deserve to have a safe life .	0
Power comes in many forms , including the U.S.	The U.S is a form of power .	0
The jungles , especially in the Cameron Highlands , were once the strongholds for rebels during the Emergency , so some caution is required when venturing into undeveloped areas ; good maps are a must , and on occasions a guide would be recommended .	No caution is required when venturing into undeveloped areas .	2
hum um-hum oh yeah they as far as they 're concerned they 've come to the promised land you know they 've got it made already	They don 't think that they have made it .	2
Schiele is one of modernism 's more exotic honorable mentions , says the New York Times ' Holland Cotter .	Schiele gets 3rd place .	2
AMS received more than 275,000 comments on the rule , which were assigned key words to facilitate subsequent analysis .	There were over 275,000 comments received by AMS about the rule .	0
Cervantes added that undocumented laborers have the same rights as anyone else in the workplace , except they can 't file for unemployment benefits if fired .	Cervantes said that undocumented workers have very few of the same rights as others in the workplace .	2
Even Applied can 't say for certain that we invented them , although it 's possible .	Applied can be certain that they have been invented .	2
Vend ? ? me Opera Madeleine	Opera Madeleine .	0
and cooking dinner my husband 's in the kitchen cooking dinner saying right on right on	Cooking dinner is something my husband never does .	2
The boots worn by the conductores who push the Monte toboggans are available ( as are the straw hats , old-style boaters , that they wear ) .	The people that push the toboggans wear slippers .	2
It 's surely true that it would be suicidal for a party to demand agreement on all issues from either its candidates or its voters .	It would be dangerous to require all from the party to completely agree	0
Half a million civilians died in the Galilee and Judea as a result of this first revolt against Rome , a number unequaled in ancient warfare .	During the revolt against Rome , over 500,000 civilians died .	0
okay it says what kind of car would you buy next what kind of car would you buy next	What kind of airplane would you sell ?	2
, the AMS organic standards rule site within USDA 's site ) .	Ams organic standards have their rules on the usda 's website .	0
Netscape didn 't merely point out a two page discussion in his book of a single case that pointed the other way .	Netscape pointed out a discussion about the case .	0
Still , it has authentic 16th-century furnishings and a tranquil garden that at the least replicate the look and feel of a Toledan house of the era .	The tourist destination is a replica of a Toledan house .	1
Rulers began to grow more powerful and looked for some way to prove their might both in life and in death .	Rulers got more powerful as they got more followers .	1
yeah well i guess that 's about five minutes appreciate talking to you	The time we spent talking was enjoyable .	1
They broke my arm slowly in the spokes of a cart wheel .	My arm was broken in five places .	1
with the situation we 've got with prison overcrowding and everything a man gets a fifteen year sentence they 're averaging serving one month for every year assessed	Prisons are overcrowded .	0
As the name chosen for the Clear Skies Act implies , one of the direct consequences of the reductions in fine particles that accompany implementation of the SO2 and NOx emissions caps is an improvement in atmospheric clarity and visibility .	The Clear Skies Act is scheduled to be amended .	1
For the organizations that strictly controlled their membership or the number of members , developing and maintaining their membership base was a formidable challenge .	Organizations that strictly controlled their membership were very corrupt	1
The six types are illustrative , critical instance , exploratory , program implementation , program effects , and cumulative .	There are only two important types out of the six .	1
oh yes you need to try them oh they 're wonderful	They are so wonderful that they are my favorite .	1
Ask about license restrictions at the local tourist office .	Ask about the license restrictions so you don 't end up breaking the law .	1
Then they discover , in their 30s or 40s , that money is important to them after all .	This love of money is almost always discovered too late .	1
Crowell and Moring may take on an Employment Law page .	Th employment law page is useful to Crowell and Moring .	0
France is a large country of infinite variety , so a great many factors come into play as you decide which parts to visit .	There are so many choices of places to visit in France .	0
and then and then they could call the shots for the next you know period of time until the next strong man came up and you know and	One strong man could call the shots until the next strong man came up .	0
Dinner only , morning until night .	Breakfast all the time !	2
Programs have already moved to carry out some of the Plan 's recommendations .	Programs are trying to do what the plan recommended .	0
The decision was made to import a work force from West Africa , resulting in some 600,000 slaves being transported to Jamaica over the next few decades .	Lots of slaves were brought from Africa .	0
Who ? asked Ca 'daan .	Where ? asked Ca 'daan .	2
After the pogrom , the old structure served a bizarre variety of purposes as a Catholic chapel , a convent for fallen women , army barracks , and quartermaster 's depot .	The old structure was once used as an army barracks .	0
A team of Canadian psychologists believes that Tourette 's syndrome--the condition that leads patients to suffer muscular spasms and to blurt out obscenities--may be a psychological rather than a physical disorder .	Patients with Tourette 's syndrome can suffer muscle spasms .	0
development programs , and pay and promotion standards to organizational mission , vision , and culture .	They had no clear cut standards when it came to pay .	2
For a moment Red might have been turned to stone .	No part of Red moved , not an eyelash or a finger .	1
By all means , stop to enjoy them , or leave the car in the village and walk around .	It is possible to leave a car at the village and walk .	0
This is a case instance .	This is a very specific case in which this occurs .	1
An exhibition of the foppish pop artist 's ephemera--his clothes , souvenirs , and photos--is panned as unexpectedly boring and blindly reverential of Warhol .	The star was trying too hard to be artistic and relevant .	1
There 's one other Sinatra phenomenon that keeps repeating dirt .	There is another but it keeps doing the same thing .	0
you know you go in there with a wrench and you know oh golly it 's not a metric it 's a standard	All wrenches work no matter the system they 're in .	2
They spent the morning discussing the mechanism , loading , cleaning , and use of the two pistols .	They spent the morning discussing the two swords .	2
golly that is terrible but i mean that makes sense because uh that 's where all the uh the kids are you know you have the easy access to them and uh you know uh that 'd make you know that would be a logical	Sometimes you got to be horrible to make sense .	1
because it 's yeah and it 's so it 's supposed to pull itself along and my husband it doesn 't bother him and he i 'm got out and mowed for him one day just to be nice so he wouldn 't have to do it when he got home and i said what is with this mower i can 't even push it around the yard	I don 't think the mower was hard to use .	2
Down on the right is Maxim 's restaurant , which began as an ice cream parlor and is now a monument more venerable than the Madeleine .	Maxim 's restaurant was originally an ice cream parlor .	0
how will we both get jobs in the same place ?	It might be difficult for us to get jobs in the same place .	0
Because both GNP and national saving include these income receipts , net of payments , the Bureau of Economic Analysis ( BEA ) presents national saving as a share of GNP .	National savings is presented as part of GNP by the Bureau of Economic Analysis .	0
uh-huh i was very glad my husband retired and got away from that kind of thing so we 've we have a little problem with our gas card we 're uh we 've always used a Mobile card because he was affiliated with Mobile Oil and uh	The Mobile gas card was provided by Texaco .	2
Past the square on the left is the entrance to icek Pasaje ( Flower Alley ) , a high , glass-roofed arcade lined with bars and restaurants .	Past the square on the left is the entrance to Club Penguin , an exclusive , fancy club .	2
The resort sits on the east side of the wide bay , with the cruise port on the west .	The resort is positioned on the eastern area of the broad bay .	0
The rest of Pigalle plumbs the lower depths with a certain fascinating glee .	The lower reaches are plumbed by the rest of Pigalle .	0
but we have just a little deli downstairs but in the mornings they make these really good muffins	We have a deli downstairs that has great muffins in the morning and they are low-fat .	1
In Byzantine times a huge chain could be slung between here and Saray Burnu to close the mouth of the Bosphorus .	The huge chain is made out of high quality iron to withstand the elements .	1
In the meantime , Albright had promoted the United Nations ' disastrous Safe Havens policy , which placed masses of unarmed Bosnian civilians under the protection of minuscule numbers of U.N. ( but no U.S. ) troops--that is , left them at the mercy of Serb paramilitaries , who systematically set about driving them from their homes and killing them .	The UN could not afford to send more troops to protect the Bosnians .	1
Visit the state museum , and in the grounds opposite is the Kampung Ampang Tinggi , built entirely of wood , a Malay prince 's residence .	The Kampung Ampang Tinggi is built entirely of glass .	2
The grounds offer a welcome rest before and after a visit to the rich and handsomely re-hung collection of Italian and European paintings .	You cannot visit the grounds until you have viewed all the artwork .	2
The Enquirer also reports that she is going to court to stop distribution of a home video of her having sex with Tommy Lee , and another one of her having sex with an ex-boyfriend .	These tapes are not the only ones to show her having sex .	1
A basic tenet of biology used to be that the energy requirements of all living things are met ultimately by the sun--mainly through plants converting sunlight into more easily digestible forms of energy .	No living things receive their energy from eating things that are fed by the sun .	2
'Shut up . ' 	Be louder !	2
Yes , it was a clever idea !	What a smart idea !	0
They shook hands in the Dim style , fingers interlocked into a pair of cooperating fists .	The men had used the secret handshake for years .	1
These attract bigger audiences than do current local offerings , which seem tawdry and unoriginal after the towering creativity of giants like Kurosea and Oshima .	Kurosea and Oshima did not have any amount of creativity .	2
well actually if your check bounces i guess they could legally take it off your credit card if that 's why they 're taking it i mean i don 't know how fair that is	They can 't legally take it off your credit card .	2
and you put a little bit of that over it now if you use the dried kind	The dried kind take a little longer to do , so you have to put it over now .	1
Many Indians remained and established small farms in the FWI , their descendants becoming an important and colorful segment of the population ( see box , page 42 ) .	Indians never felt the need to leave FWI as they have already raised a family there .	1
Text box 4.3 describes two federal initiatives allowing governmentsubsidized saving accounts for low-income families .	Text box 4.4 describes two federal police officers posing naked .	1
In Thorn 's vision Jon saw Vrenna beginning her dance , parrying at her opponent 's wrist instead of crossing blades .	Vrenna is extremely violent in her battle tactics .	2
The cafe enjoys a splendid view down the Golden Horn to the distant and distinct domes and minarets of Stamboul .	The Golden Horn is a piece of architectural genius , famous worldwide .	1
Other visitors kick back in luxury hotels crowding the city 's western seafront .	There are no luxury hotels in the city .	2
Degas , according to Daniel Halevy , carried his camera as proudly as a child carrying a rifle .	Daniel Havey has worked closely with Degas for many years .	1
These were erected by Nectaneboduringthefourth century b.c.	These were built by Nectanebo during the fourth century B.C.	0
An ' that was back-breakin ' work we was feelin ' as beat as when we run out of Tennessee after Franklin .	After Franklin , they had to leave Tennessee because they were treated badly there .	1
The magazine reports that Ouija boards are passe	According to the magazine , Ouja boards are passe	0
Why don 't we find out .	We should find out .	0
And with those four stigmatic words , the music business was born .	" Give them less money " gave birth to the music business .	1
The sailors ' first landfall was on the little offshore island of Tanegashima , which has progressed from matchlocks and muskets to being Japan 's principal rocket-launching center .	The island of Tanegashima is mostly matchlocks and muskets .	2
Third , we need to cut the president some slack .	The leader needed to be closely monitored .	2
Sam Johnson , R-Texas , has suggested that Clinton be court-martialed for his treatment of Paula Jones .	Clinton was wrongfully accused of harassing Paula Jones .	1
all right when i was uh in my early twenty twenty one twenty two years old i was working for a a guy in a gas station	I worked at a gas station .	0
Visitors come not only to view the mountains and the lakes but also to hear the words of poets who lived here and to learn about their lives .	Visitors don 't bother visiting the area because the mountains make it too hard .	2
But what about you ?	But what happens to you after this ?	1
She still looked agitated , and during the meal there was a somewhat constrained silence .	There was a silence that made everyone uneasy at the meal .	1
For larger movements , a somewhat different approach is taken , beginning in the next section .	A somewhat different approach is taken when the movement is larger than 400 feet .	1
" Anse , " he asked , " why would anyone hide a trunk in a cave ? " " Might depend on what was in it , " the Texan replied promptly .	The Texan slowly responded .	2
From inside the vast atrium you can view the whole structure as well as the mechanical workings of the building .	Visitors can actually reach out and touch the gears in the building .	1
7 and 8.1 percent , respectively ( again , compared to the CEF 2010 reference case ) .	The CEF case is used for reference .	0
If you 're traveling at the height of the tourist season , this is a place where it is vital to make a really early start .	It is hard to get around at the height of the tourist season .	0
so uh uh she wanted to go to a small school so uh UT like a place like UT was out of the question because she needed to be in a more of a small smaller school environment so uh we went down one uh uh i took a day off from work and	Small schools are better for some .	1
Inside the cathedral , the Capilla de los Velez ( Chapel of the Velez ) is remarkable for its Plateresque decoration .	Nothing makes the Chapel of the Velez interesting or remarkable .	2
At the other end of the fortifications , the terrace of the Logis Royal ( Royal Lodge ) affords a delightful view over the village and the Indre Valley .	The terrace of the Logis Royal has the best views of the village and Indre Valley .	1
Therefore , 21 months appears to be somewhat conservative .	21 months is a lofty guess .	2
The northernmost Kitchener Island was given as a gift to the British general of the same name after his victories in the Sudan in the late 19th century .	The Kitchener Island at the farthest north was a gift to Kitchener after his heavy losses in the Sudan .	2
The Congress also recognized a need for better financial information and controls over costs .	There was a need for greater cost control recognized by Congress here .	0
The Chinese community is prominent in the modern business world .	The Chinese are very weak in the modern business world and aren 't prominent at all .	2
and we ended up with these these like things on the cantaloupe vines that i mean were looked like round big huge round cucumbers	We ended up with huge round cucumbers on the cantaloupe vines .	0
Were you wrong when you went that way as a New Jersey senator ?	There is no question on how you proceeded as a New Jersey senator .	2
they 'll um you 'll have a bud the evening before and then the next morning as soon as the sun hits it it opens it starts opening up and then when it gets dark it closes and that 's it it only blooms for one day	The buds open when they feel the sun .	0
that 's the best way to shop i mean i always thought my mom was being mean to me but i look back at it now and my child is going to i mean i 'm going to raise mine the same way	I 'll teach my child to shop that way too .	0
Fifth month : Promoted one floor up to duties of wardmaid with mop and pail .	In the fifth month , I was promoted to wardmaid and given a mop and pail .	0
an awful lot higher we 're talking fifty percent something like that	It is much lower than that .	2
Mysteriously , the Anasazi vanished from the valley around a.d. 1150 , leaving it to be repopulated by the Southern Paiutes , another hunter-gatherer tribe .	The Anasazi returned approximately 1 century later .	1
That is not going to be proven true .	It is impossible to prove that .	1
This difference , of course , is required by the same ethical canons that the Court elsewhere does not wish to distort .	Ethical canons are the groundwork for legal practice that is hard to change .	1
Don 't forget to explore the hilly , narrow streets of the arm of land called Sa Penya occupied by many Ibizan fishermen and their families .	The arm of the land called Sa Penya is occupied by many Ibizan fishermen and their families .	0
Grizzleslope , and that he will begin hearings of his own on the matter next week .	He will conduct hearings on the matter next week .	0
This was where the monarch met advisers and diplomats .	The monarch actually met advisers and diplomats .	0
It includes preventive maintenance , normal repairs , replacement of parts and structural components , and other activities needed to preserve the asset so that it continues to provide acceptable services and achieves its expected life .	The asset needs to be revolutionized to continue with good service .	2
We have made subtle hints and mentioned that they need to start looking for their own place .	We have passive aggressively suggested things for weeks and they ignored us .	1
i 'm in computer science actually i 'm uh today i had uh i 'm in a Masters program	I 'm not in grad school .	2
Nothing strident , nothing to disapprove of .	There was nothing harsh and nothing to not approve of .	0
He moved the control delicately by hand , and the little sun followed dutifully .	He moved the control crudely by hand	2
She has too much pride to surrender in the middle of the battle .	She will surrender only if she is captured .	1
uh i try to take out just so much cash for me and my uh give so much cash to my wife	I attempt to withdraw copious amounts of money for my wife .	0
In addition , if the user was later involved in a security violation , the statement served as evidence that he or she had been informed of organizational policies .	The user had never been informed of policies of the organization .	2
He grinned his half-iron grin .	He smiled at them .	0
Before heading for the open road , try the excellent local cuisine , including both Spanish-style fish stews and Genoese pasta dishes .	Keep driving , since the local food is gross .	2
but and i was working actually in the savings and loan program so that was quite specialized although i was living in the slums i was really working with the middle class	The slums were great , you could hear music playing on boomboxes on every street .	1
Thank you , sir .	Thank you .	0
" Better get Doc Matthews .	Whatever you do , do not go get Doc Mathews .	2
Easter and the Totem ( 1953 ) collapses back to Totem Lesson 1 ( 1944 ) .	Easter and the Totem traces back to Totem Lesson 1 of 10 years before , said the critics .	1
Most Puerto Ricans were tied to the large agricultural companies they lived in company houses and were paid in tokens that could only be spent at company stores .	Only small farming operations could ever gain a foothold in Puerto Rico .	2
yes oh no no no there 's there is not a whole lot of choice so they 've they 've moved through three different towns now	They did not have much options , so they chose the first place they saw .	2
To oversee this mass conversion , Ashoka turned the Brahmanic concept of dharma ( righteousness ) into an instrument of public policy , enforced by the Officers of Righteousness he had appointed for this purpose .	Ashoka intended to use this power to control people .	1
Chatterbox leans toward this latter interpretation , because he can 't recall ever seeing any true southerner smirk , not even Molly Ivins ; hers is a different kind of smile altogether .	The reason Chatterbox has never seen a southern woman smirk is because he 's never met one .	1
Adrin had described it as cascading images of a battle between the Kal and him .	Adrin explained how he beat the Kal .	1
In the full light of day he looked younger .	He looked older in the day and younger in the night .	2
Some mailers , however , will convert flats into letters .	Some mailers are for flats and cost $ 3 .	1
The square is the site of the Ayuntamiento ( Town Hall ) , with a beautiful Baroque faaade designed in the 18th century by Lorenzo Chapuli , a local architect .	Lorenzo Chapuli designed the local church in the Gothic style .	2
oh okay well first they always say get to know your country first before you leave i mean i i lived in places like when i lived in Washington uh Washington DC i never went to the Washington Memorial and then when i went back to visit i went to the Washington Memorial	Up till today , I have yet to visit the Washington Memorial .	2
The scoops are mostly recycled articles by Ruddy and Evans-Pritchard .	The news stories being reported are recycled by Ruddy and Evans-Pritchard .	0
( Nine-tenths of a second , unfortunately , was how long his name remained in my memory . )	His name was remembered for less than a second .	0
St. Patrick first came to Ireland as a prisoner , captured in an Irish raid on a Roman settlement in Britain .	He was in prison for two months in Ireland .	1
Ponce de Leen 's successors imagined that the island was one big gold mine and set the Indians to work mining and panning .	Indians were forced to mine and pan for gold .	0
STATIC NON-RENEWAL TESTS	There are no tests that are non-renewable .	2
Fine hotels catered to the visitors ' every need , and the town reveled in the money brought in from abroad .	The hotels were so busy that they were booked solid for years .	1
Users are much more likely to support and comply with policies if they clearly understand the purpose for the policies and their responsibilities in regard to the policies .	Users are more likely to follow policies if they understand why they are in place	0
NSAs are , for all intents and purposes , not very different from narrowly drawn classification proposals ; a number of which the Commission has received and approved over the past few years .	The very idea that the NSA can spy on us is very scary .	1
yes yes that is that one that you were talking about	You were talking about gun control .	1
yeah that would be gosh	It won 't be .	2
and then takes it out before i get home for the weekend because pizza 's probably one of my favorite most favorite food yeah and she 'll make that for the weekend and she 'll make you know we 'll have two pizzas mine will be regular tomatoes and um	She 's know how I love pizza so she makes one at the weekend for me .	0
I think it is ... an enjoyable activity . ' 	I find the activity of horseback riding enjoyable .	1
We will always be a small town .	We will always be a big town .	2
To the right of the entrance to the choir there is a lovely statue of the Virgin and Child .	Michelangelo created the Virgin and Child statue .	1
In a survey last year , Legal Services determined that more than one-third of New Jersey 's poor adults -- more than 400,000 people -- have at least one civil legal problem a year .	Most people with civil legal problems in New Jersey solved those problems .	1
and uh it 's just human nature to walk through an open door so and i would be glad to see that i hope i don 't see a lot more single moms but i it seems in my experience i 'm running across single women all the time	I would like to see a lot of more single moms around .	2
Table 1 USPS Operational Costs by Major Function	Table 1 USPS Operational Expenses by Major Function .	0
you have to like get up at six o 'clock in the morning if you 're going to mow the yard and not faint while your doing it	Mowing the yard at six in the morning is great for waking up the neighbours	1
well i 'll i 'll say something i said in the last conversation i hope i 'm never in that position where i have to be put in one uh from all i 've heard about it just not and i 've heard	I hope I 'm never in the position to be put in a nursing home .	0
Free for the blind mail would continue to be available only if the Government continued to provide a subsidy to support it .	The Government provides a subsidy for blind mail .	0
and uh it it 's pretty much headline news	It was buried on page five ; no one cares about it .	2
As noted above , we apply one adjustment by discounting lagged mortality incidence effects .	Lagged mortality incident effects are discounted to apply one adjustment .	0
Cabaret entertainment can be found at the Cinegrille in the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel .	The Cinegrille offers mime shows .	2
yeah that 's yeah right common sense has to has to set in some place it 's just like uh uh organized crime now they know all these people they know that the the leaders of organized crime and all that sort of stuff why can 't they do something about it because they can 't if they if they tape something they can 't they can 't bring it into the court as as evidence and they know they just had this uh i don 't know if it 's been in your newspapers but um the guy that got out of prison here to go to a mafia um swearing in ceremony and they got uh uh somebody and i 'm not sure who who it was what organization what law enforcement agency they got a movable bug a a a court order for a movable bug which means that you can take it any place and put it any where	They know 10 of the organized crime leaders so why don 't they stop them ?	1
they they cost you practically nothing from one to five and then slowly but surely starts to creep up when they start to take lessons but uh it 's well worth it and everything	They are most expensive between one and five .	2
How come you give George a pass ?	Why are you always punishing George for the crimes of others ?	2
The technician , wanting to escape into tomorrow , regained consciousness and jumped on his feet , which were not all that stable .	The technician jumped up when his alarm went off .	1
What all the hockey-playing Jewish kids in America are not doing , during their hundreds of hours hustling to , on , and from the ice rink , is studying .	In addition to the hundreds of hours of hockey practice , Jewish kids in America are hitting the books hard .	2
Clinton 's sex scandal dips to Issue 3 . Like Paula Jones ' lawyers , most pundits are outraged that the White House produced 16 Willey-related letters lickety-split in the wake of her 60 Minutes interview but released only two in response to an earlier subpoena .	While the White House can produce numerous letters in a timely manner , they usually supply less .	1
14 It should be noted , however , that some recent contracts have been signed to install scrubbers between now and 2005 that would be installed in less than 36 months .	The scrubbers would take more than 48 months to install .	2
It makes you very predictable . ' 	It doesn 't make you unpredictable .	0
Purdue i have a brother that lives in uh uh Southbend Indiana	My brother lives in California .	2
That was yesterday .	The battle occurred yesterday .	1
He could not explain his own feeling the illogical idea that the K.C. ' s presence would somehow have averted the catastrophe .	He couldn 't wrap his head around the fact that if K.C. was around the catastrophe would have been avoided .	0
Thank you , ma 'am . Tuppence withdrew .	Tuppence thanked her as she left .	0
You should have received the letter this morning . "	The letter should have arrived this morning .	0
Defenders argue that the piece brings a wider audience to classical music , proving it isn 't something to be feared ( Barrymore Laurence Scherer , the Wall Street Journal ) .	Classical music has nothing to gain from new compositions .	2
I don 't quite know , said Tuppence meditatively .	I know , said Tuppence	2
and two of her books have been on three of them 's been on TV	And some of her books have appeared on TV .	0
And for stark contrasts ' of climate , countryside , cuisine , and temperament ' combine the capital with Provence or Corsica .	Don 't compare Provence , Corsica or the capital with anything since there 's no point .	2
These predicted concentrations are then used as inputs to the human health effect estimation model discussed in the next section .	No prediction of health effect	2
Some of these effects are acute in nature , and some are longer-term and could take many years to manifest .	Some of the effects are acute and some are long-term .	0
So it 's the shadow thing ?	The shadow thing is always seen there .	1
absolutely i 'm ready for it they 're predicting some more snow for our direction	I have some tools for the snow .	1
For example , building on reform efforts in the United Kingdom and other countries , the Administration has proposed creating Performance-Based Organizations ( PBOs ) in which selected agencies that deliver measurable services receive greater organizational autonomy in exchange for heightened accountability for results on the part of top and senior leadership .	There are many plans for more accountability for results on the part of top and senior leadership	1
See also Full Cost .	See the full cost	0
employees that there are and yet they 're so important	They are not important at all .	2
Neither gets in the other 's way .	Nobody of the two sisters gets in the other 's way .	1
Next door on the busy pedestrian street of Corso Vannucci is the Collegio del Cambio , 15th-century hall and chapel of the bankers ' guild .	The 15-century hall and chapel is open for tours to the public .	1
The happy result is a combination of the expected and the unexpected .	A marriage of the expected and unexpected makes for a joyful result .	0
A thorough cleaning followed to remove the mold .	The mold stayed on the item .	2
well uh well uh we 're we 're some of the older ones in the family so the ones with small kids usually have ball games and kick ball things like that	The ones with small kids play sports weekly .	1
Continuing on , you 'll reach the much-admired surfing beach at Grande Anse , where fine brown sand slopes away from palm trees to green-blue water .	Some people go the the Grande Anse beach to surf .	0
Obuchi should remember that while the Japanese public has an intense desire to see an economic upturn , it is not waiting for easy-to-swallow solutions , the paper said in an editorial .	The solutions can be difficult .	0
Key contributors were Tamra Goldstein , Sondra F. McCauley , and Tomas Ramirez .	The three of them did the most .	0
This one could be designed to handle only one set of factors .	The design could limit it to one set of factors .	0
According to the Office of the Actuary at the Health Care Financing Administration , the estimated net present value of future additional resources needed to fund HI benefits alone over the 75 years is $ 4 .	The net present value of future additional resources for funding HI benefits was $ 24 .	2
Forfeitures .	Equity gains	2
'A lot of people I went to law school with were fired up about public practice , but they had more debt than I did , ' she said .	According to her , a large amount of people in law school were excited about public practice .	0
The first priority of the Commission was resource development and the Commission led a sustained effort in the California legislature to obtain state funds to support the provision of civil legal services to lowincome persons .	The California legislature would need millions of dollars to provide helpful legal services .	1
The mines were the key to this growth but the mines are a rough trade .	The mines are hard because the workers get sick .	1
In all discussion of metaphor , writes H. W. Fowler in Modern English Usage , it must be borne in mind that some metaphors are living , i.e. , are offered and accepted with a consciousness of their nature as substitutes for their literal equivalents , while others are dead , i.e. , have been so often used that speaker and hearer have ceased to be aware that the words used are not literal .	All metaphors are dead and are literal .	2
, premature mortality , emergency room visits ) through the use of concentration-response functions .	The functions suggest a lot of health problems .	1
It is not a reward for the criminal but a punishment for the prosecutor .	It 's a massive reward for the criminal .	2
Your friend , the groom , is way out of line .	You need to tell your friend to take it easy .	1
yeah so you have a break too	We are both getting a break .	0
She laid a cool hand on his forehead .	She but a warm hand to his face .	2
You 're such young things , both of you .	You 're both minors .	1
Accordingly , IRD has adopted a code of conduct applicable to all employees that explains the standards of integrity and behavior expected .	IRD has no code of conduct for everyone that works there .	2
Ponce de Leen had received permission to found a Spanish colony on the island in 1508 .	Most islands did not have permission for colonies .	1
'I 've arranged a series of events constituting a tour of America Large . ' 	I completely forgot about the tour I wanted to set up across America !	2
Had he come back for revenge ?	Had he come back for thanks ?	2
Fifteen passed and the rest , feeling the confidence of unmatched hostilities , rushed forward .	The group was nervous and moved slowly .	2
Nitrogen saturation of watersheds contributes to environmental problems such as reduced drinking water quality , nitrateinduced toxic effects on freshwater organisms , increased soil acidification and aluminum mobility , increased emissions from soil of nitrogenous greenhouse trace gases , reduction of methane consumption in soil , and forest decline and reduced productivity .	Nitrogen cannot be saturated through natural or man made forces .	2
The Gothic cathedral , begun in the early 14th century , with spiral rib vaulting and ornamental grille-work , is considered one of the region 's finest .	The 14th century Gothic cathedral , which features spiral rib vaulting and ornamental grille-work , is one of the best in the region .	0
He retaliated by filing one against her .	He let her off the hook .	2
Moreover , the U.S. market for catalyst is currently larger than all of the other national markets combined .	China , as expected , comes in a close second in the rankings .	1
After contacting attorneys about Take 2 , Wagonheim is beginning to revise his projections .	They did not need to alter the projections .	2
well i i i 'm ready to convert i i we probably all thought it was strange you know again five years ago but i don 't think there 's that many people with reservations anymore i don 't know if uh	I 'm not ready for it .	2
Vall ? ? e du Serein	This is not in english .	0
they don 't have kitchens or anything but they have little it 's like uh	They don 't have kitchens or anything	0
yeah i think uh someone that really wanted it or i really don 't understand or i guess i do understand people that i guess that want to teach teach it 's it must be inborn in them or something because they 're certainly not going into it for the for the money nor the prestige or whatever	Most who go into teaching do so because the pay is so good .	2
My cage was gilded .	The cage was dull	2
This model has value but fails to meet the broader range of information needs of investors who want more forward-looking information and data that reflect a company 's overall performance , risk profile , and expectations for future performance .	This model has no value because the range of information it offers is to broad to meet the needs of investors .	2
Everyone--whether a French detective , an Indian chief , or a Chinese banker--speaks clear English .	None of the others --including the Chinese banker and the Indian chief-- were able to speak English clearly .	2
There , said Poirot , looking after her , " goes a very valuable ally .	There goes a useless human being .	2
You willing to match Shiloh ? "	Are you willing to do whatever Shiloh does ?	0
If , however , we scoped the job to examine in depth events leading up to the disaster , what went wrong , and why it went wrong , this would be a case study .	There is no scenario in which this would be considered a case study .	2
Even the title of Cohen 's book and its cover art--a brass-knuckled fist--are lifted directly from a book published eight years ago , Paul Breines ' Tough Political Fantasies and the Moral Dilemma of American Jewry , which analyzes the psychological underpinnings of the cult of Jewish toughness born after Israel 's victory in the 1967 Six Day War .	Paul Breines ' is on the list of New York Bestsellers for his book that was published over 5 year ago .	1
She was a child star on the old sitcom Diff 'rent Strokes . Since then she 's been arrested on robbery and drug charges .	She was never involved in Different Strokes and was never arrested .	2
Elinor Walker commented that something about an intervention must be standardized in order to assess its cost-effectiveness .	Elinor Walker commented that an intervention needs to be assessed for how cost-effective it is .	0
80 , a hastily written occasional composition with amusing premonitions of Symphony No .	80 is a composition that contains amusing premonitions .	0
Future Budget Issues .	Budget Issues seize today .	2
If you owned lots of it , you lost your shirt in the general inflation .	You lost a shirt in the general inflation .	0
To use the Bush-appropriate metaphor , he 's like a hitter facing a tough pitcher .	He seems like a hitter facing a tough pitcher , if we want to use a Bush-appropriate metaphor .	0
H-2A aliens are required by law to leave the country within ten days of the termination of their employment , and generally remain in the control of the employer during this period .	Law requires H-2A workers to leave the country in 10 days after the are released from their employment .	0
On the walls are portraits of the archbishops of Toledo , beginning with St. Eugene ( a.d.96 ) and including Cardinal Cisnerosewho ordered the construction of this hall .	The archbishops of Toledo have portraits on the wall .	0
Porto Cervo is the coast 's fashionable center , but Baia Sardinia competes with its craggy coastline .	Porto Cervo is very fashionable .	0
In a 1996 symposium examining universal IRAs available in the early 1980s , 28 researchers reached three widely divergent ( 1 ) yes , most contributions represented new saving , ( 2 ) no , most IRA contributions were not new saving , and ( 3 ) maybe , about 26 cents of each dollar contributed may have represented new saving .	All 28 researchers came to the same conclusion in the symposium .	2
In this situation , Johnson 's impeachment looms as the operative a case of men who despised and battled their president--perhaps with good reason--but whose zeal in pursuing flimsy impeachment charges turned the judgment of history against them .	Johnson probably should have been impeached but the charges against him were poorly drawn up .	0
'Your story books aren 't right .	Your book are wrong .	0
I can be very rough if I choose .	" I cannot be rough even if I want to be . "	2
the then vice presidential candidates uh who really sort of i thought had a very demeaning attitude towards her	All of the vice presidential candidates were well mannered .	2
He held things so close .	He held things so close because of previous abuse .	1
On the contrary , hovering like white noise throughout his 1993 essay , and through much of this book , is the that international relations are typically zero-sum , so that natural conflicts of interest dominate world affairs .	World affairs are usually concerned with dealing with alien invasions .	2
A Wall Street Journal front-page feature points to an interesting reason why established large corporations haven 't exactly reaped the Internet 's The large corps are used to insular , if not paranoid , decision-making , and Internet operations force them into all sorts of relations with outsiders they can 't really control .	The authors of the Wall Street Journal article gathered information for the article by speaking with representatives of ten different well-known corporations .	1
They fed me and gave me cool water from a spring deep within the caves of the rock .	They fed me food and gave me water from the mine .	2
More sedate is Marineland , west of Palma at Costa d 'En Blanes , featuring dolphins , performing parrots , and sea lions .	Parrots , dolphins and sea lions can be found at Marineland .	0
The conversation told him more than he needed to know .	He even got to learn the girl 's name .	1
After you pass the large new town of Ma 'aleh Adumim and the Inn of the Good Samaritan , a side road and footpath to the left lead to the dramatically situated Greek Orthodox Monastery of St. George , built into the cliffside of the gorge of Wadi Kelt .	Ma 'aleh Adumium is very large .	0
An occasional luxury liner still glides past the great stone gateway , the harbor promenade of the Apollo Bunder , and the Yacht Club to dock at Ballard Pier .	Luxury liners never pass the Apollo Bunder at all .	2
Even the Irish--the ones in Ireland--have distanced themselves from the New York legislation .	The Irish have distanced themselves from legislations in New York .	0
He declines to state his business says it is entirely private and personal , and that he must see you .	He wants to see you about a personal matter .	1
The Golan Heights , with their commanding views over the surrounding lands , have always been strategically vital .	The Golan Heights have been an important part of strategy over the years .	0
Four monasteries developed as a source of protection still remain , and each has a church , monks ' quarters and a sturdy high wall .	Four monasteries that were originally developed as a source of protection still remain there , and each one has a church , a monks ' quarters , and a very sturdy and high wall .	0
GAO officials responsible for the completion of the engagement will participate in the meeting .	GAO officials responsible for finishing the engagement will be at the meeting	0
you 're not kidding do you ever watch American Gladiators	You are not joking , do you ever view American Gladiators ?	0
To the modern eye , they form a Renaissance and Baroque theme park dotted with loggias , cool fountains , grottoes with artificial stalactites , and myriad statues of gods , nymphs , and grotesques ( derived from the word grotto ) .	There are nice fountains , loggias and grottoes at the " theme park " .	0
This is where our greatest surprise exists .	There is not where our greatest surprise exists .	2
because uh uh it 's it 's all i mean it 's just like it 's just like a big avalanche you know you start putting sulphur dioxide in the atmosphere and you end up with acid rain acid rain kills the trees trees don 't scrub the air and there you are	Acid rain kills the trees by melting off its bark .	1
However , CO2 has never been regulated as a pollutant under the Clean Air Act and does not pose any direct threat to human health unlike NOx , SO2 and mercury .	NOx poses a significantly stronger risk to human health than SO2	1
In Palma , the shops Can Bonet and Dana sell fine handmade embroidery .	Palma has no shops	2
and it 's a twenty four hour station	They are open 24 hours but closed on major holidays .	1
The legislation is restricted at this point to , most likely , pilot programs with the Department of Community Affairs contracting with groups such as the Florida Bar Foundation to distribute the money most effectively .	The legislation is only useful to the DOCA .	1
yeah the Persian is	Yeah , the Persian isn 't the one .	2
uh Tom Jones our environmental corporate environmental guy 's handling the project	The project lead is part of the company 's environmental team and his name is Tom Jones .	0
yeah you had a good time there	You had a fun time there .	0
The site is still being excavated , and only part of it is open .	The site is partially closed .	0
Have you lighted the fire in my room as I told you ? "	Have you lit the fireplace in my bedroom ?	1
now i don 't i hardly ever watch TV if i ever get the hankering to see something i 've got i don 't know maybe about thirty or forty movies and i just	I usually just watch one show a week .	1
It provides discipline and structure as well as the climate which influences the quality of internal control .	The hour of the day also influences the quality of internal control .	1
yeah yeah usually the the movies are not as good	The movies are not usually as good as the books .	1
The semigogue in chief has buried Dole with so many positives during this election season , it 's enough to make you long for the days of negative campaigning .	Dole had been forced to leave the campaign after being shut down .	1
Inevitably , come now the Webby Awards , given by something we are asked to believe is the International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences . For a medium that prides itself on its insurgent spirit , this is a comically egregious exercise in faux-establishmentarianism .	The Webby Awards are given by the International Academy of Digital Arts and Sciences .	0
It also provides an extensive set of links to other political sites , including those maintained by many candidates .	It doesn 't provide any political sites .	2
but a lot of women are knowledge as knowledge about football as i am	Women have no knowledge of football .	2
But could other teachers follow his example ?	Is it possible that other workers denied his example ?	2
Afterwards you shall question as much as you please . "	You can ask as many questions as you please afterwards .	0
okay sure did	I didn 't do that .	2
Rumpelstilsken , repair yourself ! There was a whirring and scraping inside the mechanism , and Hanson let out a yell .	Hanson was scared of the whirring and scraping .	1
oh but now i enjoy it every once in a while i mean it 's not something i 'd want to do real often i 'm a sissy i either want to do it in the fall or spring you know	I would never do something like that in a million years .	2
That 's sure somethin ' !	That is something .	0
IPM was a key analytical tool in developing the President 's Clear Skies proposal .	IPM helped develop the proposal .	0
Soon , the invitees are being asked to wire money to a courier claiming to be on his way to America to deliver the conference invitations .	The invitees are asked to wire money to a courier .	0
yeah and Thursday nights	Yeah , and every Thursday night .	1
The Bagatelle , once a royal retreat , has a very lovely English garden , bursting with flowers during spring and early summer .	The Bagatelle has flowers most of the year , but mostly during the spring .	1
James and Hemingway give way to the shabby backdrops of John Le Carre 's novels .	Compared to Hemingway and James authors who are famous for their descriptive backdrops in their books , John Le Carre 's holds very little appeal as he chooses to focus on the development of the characters and plot .	1
As writer-actor Harry Shearer ( who spoke later on a panel on comedy ) pointed out , The thing that is rarely mentioned is that because this is a puritanical society and you can 't show sex , we eroticize violence .	We are fortunate to live in a society that promotes healthy attitudes towards sexuality and eschews violence .	2
Becker , Beijing bureau chief for the South China Morning Post , describes in gory detail how Mao Tse-tung 's industrialization program , the Great Leap Forward of 1958 , created a devastating famine--30 million dead , more than the combined tolls of Hitler and Stalin .	According to Becker , Mao Tse-tung has created a terrible famine .	0
Night and day were the same in this prison room , but Tommy 's wrist-watch , which enjoyed a certain degree of accuracy , informed him that it was nine o 'clock in the evening .	Tommy 's wrist-watch was a digital one .	1
Doubtless the writer was interrupted ; but there can be no question as to his identity .	We can tell that the writer stopped halfway .	1
getting down together and doing that and and just the children were involved in the decision because it involved just them and you know making that decision and then	The children played no role in the outcome of the decision .	2
But most of all , they despised the way he eroded the nobles ' power and smoothed the path to an increasingly absolutist monarchy .	If he had gone about it a different way , they would have supported him .	1
yeah these were uh trees that that wintered	These trees have never felt the cold .	2
and i just kept that thing on constantly because i was going English language this is wonderful and and they at least i kind of knew what was going on on the other side of the world and trying to keep up with	I am from an english speaking country .	1
Goodbye , sir . " Back at the Ritz , Tommy packed up his few belongings mechanically , his thoughts far away .	Tommy was lost in thoughts far apart from everything else .	0
The last three motives--public good , tenure , and fame--don 't fit as well with the basic assumptions of economics .	The last three motives--greed , money , and power--fit well within the basic assumptions of economics ,	2
It has the colour and vitality of an old Arab town , but little of the usual hassle , boasting superb Crusader and caravanserai buildings , a fine mosque , and a picturesque port .	The town was land-locked and ways away from any body of water .	2
These categories might be put into a matrix by facility size or groups served .	They are organizing restaurants .	1
On its riviera along the southern coast of Grande-Terre , there are a number of private discotheques and rural nightclubs in addition to the hotel lounges .	The discotheques on the coast of Grand-Terre are generally more popular than the hotel lounges .	1
Some companies moved their headquarters out of Hong Kong .	Some companies moved their headquarters to Hong Kong .	2
The major island in the group is Rhodes ( covered in its own Berlitz Pocket Guide ) , but others include Kos and Patmos .	Rhodes is the smallest island in the group .	2
And when an egg hatches , you don 't try to put it back together ! " He didn 't look like a fanatic , Dave told himself .	The egg was just minutes away from hatching .	1
Instituting information technology and management as a support function separate from the business is an ineffective and outdated model .	The latest model includes IT and management as support functions .	2
My sense is that there are a lot of applicants for [ public service ] jobs , said Dean Harbaugh .	The applicants desire any job at this moment in time , so are applying for anything available , in turn increasing the number of applicants for these public service jobs .	1
Unlike the pills , immunotherapy shots attack the underlying problem , not just the symptoms .	Pills only address the symptoms , not the actual problem .	0
The city was conquered and reconquered for 200 years before being destroyed by Muslim armies in the 13th century .	The city did not sustain any damage during the 13th century .	2
Esme , played by Judi Dench , is an actress who lives for the theater .	Judi Dench played Esme .	0
well if you work for TI you 're supposed to get a prize is what i heard and if you don 't work for them you 're supposed to get cash but then on the letter it says cash or prize	I heard if you work for TI you get a prize and if you don 't , you get cash .	0
Shouldn 't someone inform Mr. Gates ?	I think someone should let Mr. Gates know , no ?	0
Outside the door his gaoler motioned to him to mount the stairs .	His gaoler told him to stand next to him .	2
For more information , contact the Club Escuela de Equitacion de Mallorca ( Tel .	The Club Escuela de Equitacion de Mallorca can offer more information .	0
mozzarella and Monterey jack cheese you know sprinkled on it and her 's will be you know something	there was no cheese sprinkled on it	2
And that 's why I wanted to talk to you today about life insurance .	I want to sell you life insurance after talking to you about it .	1
An essay explains why journalists always view politicians through a dehumanizing prism .	Journalists always view politicians through a dehumanizing prism .	0
We hope that the glossary of terms will provide a useful reminder of related items as they reappear in the guide 's discussions and in the criminal investigator 's work .	Glossary of terms are in a book about criminal investigation for a Crime & Punishment class .	1
Oh , yes , very likely .	Very likely , yes .	0
Under the rider the big stud moved , tossed his head , drawing the young man 's attention from the town back to his own immediate concerns .	The big stud had a 300 pound man on him , but he didn 't mind .	1
The All-True Travels and Adventures of Lidie Newton , by Jane Smiley ( Knopf ) .	The woman wrote the book .	0
There is an abundance of souvenirs that make the perfect gift , namely gourmet delicacies , but save these purchases for the end of your trip , in order to get them home as fresh as possible .	Gourmet delicacies are the most popular souvenirs .	1
As we entered the hall , Mrs. Inglethorp came out of her boudoir .	We did not see Mrs. Inglethorp at all .	2
i know i just think it 's been warm and it 's been hot and i like it and it 's beautiful and all the trees are pretty and i wish it would stay like this all the time	It is rarely hot outside around these parts .	1
They say the local organization seeks special treatment by being exempted from requirements that apply to all LSC grantees in the country .	Local organizations are attempting to play the system for special treatment .	1
The broad steps are a favorite spot for reading and loafing in the sun .	People must leave by eight pm .	1
They were put to death on his orders , but their earthy humour lives on in the puppet plays that became popular throughout Turkey , and especially in Bursa .	The puppet plays became popular in other countries , but mainly Turkey .	1
to um make and everything and it 's usually well liked by people i guess i 'm just a seafood fan so i think on the lines	Other people like seafood even though I don 't , so I think we should still do it for the party .	2
In more recent years , manufacturing , and in particular electronics , has represented a new direction away from dependence on commodity exports .	Nuclear warhead manufacturing has represented a new direction away from dependence on commodity exports .	2
These policies were assumed to change business and consumer behavior , result in new technological improvements , and expand the success of voluntary and information programs .	These policies were not assumed to change the behavior of businesses and consumers and too result in technological improvements .	2
It would shift the debate with Al Gore to a subject Bradley talks about with total confidence and authority .	Something would shift the topic of the debate .	0
If the job were held by someone other than Tripp , would it pay any less or involve any more work ?	Tripp doesn 't have a job .	2
All businesses must comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act , and are therefore wheelchair accessible .	It is not necessary for a building to be wheelchair accessible .	2
well that sounds like that might be a fun fun place to visit then	It sounds like it could be an enjoyable place to visit .	0
yeah well they do well it it we found out that didn 't work because we even even bought the expensive stuff and they looked at it like you 've got to be kidding like you know what are you a fool paying that much money for this	We were really angry to find out that it didn 't work and that we had spent so much money on it	1
That puts Medicare growth at just over 4 percent a year .	Medicare is growing by 4 percent annually .	0
why did he make you do it	I know he didn 't make you do it .	2
Those old 4-inch magic elves were completely useless for anything except making shoes .	The elves weren 't good for anything but shoe making .	0
2 . If more than one investigator collected the data , werethe other evaluators properly selected , trained , and supervised ?	All of the investigators only work alone .	2
a new car	A used vehicle .	2
These Commandments form the structure for a number of the world 's great religions .	Many of the world 's great religions are based on these Commandments .	0
I know that I 'm not getting paid as much as I could in the private sector , but I 'm doing a lot of good work for people who really need it .	I 'm not making what I could in the private sector .	0
Towering over the old city is the elaborate late-19th-century Basilique Notre-Dame-de-Fourviyre , which boasts four towers and various adornments .	The Basilique is exceptionally tall compared to its surroundings .	0
In addition to his service on the LSC Board , he has also served special appointments to the International Labor Organization , the U.S.	He enjoys being part of the Labor Organization and the LSC Board .	1
The Gothic tower gate and belfry , Porte de la Grose-Horloge , leads into the proserous old merchant quarters with gracefully vaulted shopping arcades and 16th- and 17th-century houses .	The old merchant quarters have been around for hundreds of years .	1
and they 're they 're just a few in the country that even have this type of training but just keeping up on the basics i guess are things that we could continue to do but um	This type of training has been done by very few in the country .	0
They should finally prohibit their emission . ' The passenger grew slightly irritated with this remark and Denise , or maybe Dennis , added :	The passenger was already in a sour mood before this remark was made .	1
yeah definitely definitely yeah but most of the time when we go out um we either go Mexican because uh uh she just has a a need for either some type of Mexican chips or Mexican pizza or something like that or French fries	Our favorite type of food is Mexican food .	1
The nature and scope of the cultural transformation that needs to take place in many agencies across the federal government will take years to accomplish-easily outrunning the tenures of most political appointees .	The nature and scope of the cultural transformation that is required will take weeks .	2
On the face of it , this seems crazy .	This looks like it will be great !	2
Horses , I guess . "	I guess horses will be our only way out .	1
um but i 've noticed that what i do is that i have my towel that sits on the floor so that every time i get up to bowl i have to bend over to pick up my towel and that way i get the little extra exercise	My doctor said I 'm in desperate need of more exercise .	1
There is little reason to believe that intoxicated patients who present to the emergency department represent a special population to whom current research results do not apply .	Intoxicated patients are still representative of the general population .	1
Unlike the sky , it seemed to obey the normal laws of inertia Hanson had known .	Hanson knew normal laws of inertia .	0
His plan was coming together .	The plan that he made was progressing .	0
Hidden amongst it is the little 11th-century church of San Giacomo di Rialto San Giacometto to them claimed by locals to be the town 's oldest .	The San Giacomo di Rialto San Giacometto church was built in medieval times .	0
He hasn 't got any so he 's difficult to deceive .	He 's pretty easy to deceive .	2
Since communism closed shop in Russia , all the volunteers have disappeared .	Volunteers might be willing to come back if they get paid in Russia .	1
Orrin Hatch , R-Utah , a Bush rival , Here is a fellow that went and flew airplanes and learned to be a pilot and was prepared to go , if he had to go .	Orrin Hatch is Bush 's close friend and confidant .	2
18 Because of the large sample size , these data are far more useful for our analysis than the subsequent panel data .	Data from previous panels was much too small .	1
Henraques consolidated his position by defeating the Moors at the Battle of Ourique in 1139 , and celebrated by naming himself the first king of Portugal .	Henraques faced fierce opposition when he appointed himself king .	2
Most often this involvement was in the form of reviews of policy drafts .	Reviews and policy drafts were no ones preference .	2
The man smiled .	He looked pleased .	1
The worst is the Budget Gourmet .	The Budget Gourmet is the best .	2
That 's $ 36,000 to $ 50,000 a year--roughly half of what Tripp is being paid not to do it .	The amount was much more than Trip is currently making .	2
His first job was in legal services as a Reginald Heber Smith fellow .	He worked in the Supreme Court as a fellow .	1
I 'd love him to see it .	I don 't want him to see it .	2
The season runs during autumn and winter from October to February .	October through February is when the season is run .	0
always try ing to pull it off and he has his a girlfriend a a broadcasts anchor at the local news station and she 's always trying to get him out of jams and she	He doesn 't have a girlfriend .	2
In long-exposure photographs of this display , the entire temple appears to be on fire .	Photographs have been taken of this display .	0
How people adjust their saving in response to payroll tax increases may also depend on the form of the increase .	People adjust their saving dependant on the form of the increase .	0
However , this is a link to electronic documents available in the Federal Register through the GPO Access web site , not EPA- specific proposed rules , and the viewer is then required to use that site 's search tools to identify particular proposed rules .	Proposed rules may be found via a search engine .	0
Could he turn it by degrees so gently and imperceptibly that those in the room would notice nothing ?	Could he turn it quickly enough to get away ?	2
La Porte Noire , a Roman arch on the Rue de la Convention , leads you to the 12th-century Cathedrale Saint-Jean .	La Porte Noire is an arch made of limestone .	1
How 's the prospect for a job ?	Congratulations of finding a new job .	2
'What about ... me ? ' At that moment , a tiny switch in the back of my head went click , and I knew two things .	I knew two things I had tried to forget .	1
see i would i always come look at it do they have could they be put even in life imprisonment could they be put to useful labor	They could do work while in prison , like mow the grass .	1
A lot of careful planning is recommended .	Most people are good at planning carefully .	1
'If only they hadn 't messed up that stupid time machine ... '	The time machine worked as it was supposed to .	2
Kasich isn 't a corporate-welfare NIMBY .	Kasich is a populist who draws big crowds .	1
Following this , ancient Egyptians believed that the monument possessed prophetic powers and it still has a mysterious hold on the modern psyche .	The monument was mysterious but had a very ancient physique	2
As a consequence , HUD was not required to prepare either an initial or a final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 and 604 of the Act , and sections 607 and 609 are not applicable .	While the initial analysis is always conducted , a final regulatory flexibility analysis isn 't always necessary .	1
He 's gone through every penny he ever had , publishing rotten verses in fancy bindings .	He never spent a dime on publishing verses .	2
The shrine has a prominent role in the Tale of Genji and in a famous noh play ( titled simply Nonomiya ) , and thus attracts people with especial interest in classical Japanese literature .	This was very unattractive to any classical Japanese literature enthusiasts .	2
Sitting on the slopes of the Troutbeck Valley high above Bowness and Ambleside , Troutbeck is a tiny village of traditional farms and barns .	The traditions of farming and animal raising are still present in Troutbeck .	1
Did you know he is boycotting Spin because he felt we weren 't reverential enough to him ?	Did you know he 's boycotting Spin because it wasn 't reverential enough in his opinion .	0
One of the first impressions you 'll get at the airport in Delhi or Mumbai ( Bombay ) is the diversity of ethnic types .	The airport in Dehli is considered to be more diverse than that of Mumbai .	1
Premills basically believe the Antichrist will be a charming rogue and great communicator who will dupe Israel into following his lead , and then will turn on the Jewish people to destroy them .	Premills think the Antichrist will communicate well with people he is trying to get to follow him .	1
those are very nice	Where did you get them ?	1
i thought i thought for sure that Buffalo was going to be in there this past year i really did and i would that would be my choice that would be my choice again this year	Unfortunately , Buffalo was not in there last year .	0
yeah i was watching that	No , I didn 't watch it .	2
The Moors were defeated and expelled or killed .	The Moors won an unexpected victory .	2
Nobody asked anything .	Many people showed up and asked all sorts of questions .	2
There , unattended under banks of lights , stood half-finished aircraft shapes .	The aircrafts were huge and looked old .	1
uh-huh and you don 't feel that your relationship with your father has unduly uh influenced your relationship with your husband then	I feel like they have had some effects on the relationship .	1
Unfortunately , hereditary monarchy has offsetting drawbacks , which I assume I don 't need to enumerate for the readers of Slate .	I assume I don 't need to spell that out for Slate readers , as they are already very smart .	1
" Fair enough , " Anse agreed .	Anse agreed that it was fair enough .	0
The island 's irrigation system is composed of 2,150km ( 1,350 miles ) of channels .	There are fewer than 1,000 miles of channels in the irrigation system .	2
" It is a great pity he has no child of his own blood .	He has no child with his genes .	0
( New parks are scheduled for Detroit , Seattle , and Phoenix . )	Certain cities are on the schedule to get new parks .	0
The dipterocarp rainforest here includes the tualang tree .	The Tualang tree in the dipterocarp rainforest is attractive to many vicious predators .	1
For example , web visitor survey data from Pinetree Legal Services in Maine indicates that two-thirds of its site visitors are low income people or persons seeking information on behalf of low income people .	Web visitor survey data is just one of the types of visitor data collected .	1
Environmental Protection Addition of Facilities in Certain Industry Sectors	No industry sector is affiliated with environmental protection addition of facilities .	2
This growing number of titles leaves publishing houses with less time and attention to edit and market books .	Books are getting longer and have more words .	1
More than 100 golf courses are open to the public in the Greater Los Angeles area .	There is a public golf course for every 1,000 people in LA .	1
The problem is that he was born one week earlier than the blanket says .	The blanket says he was born one day , but it 's not true .	0
Quite happy to leave the embroiled politics of national government to Rome , Milan prides itself on being the country 's economic , cultural , and design-conscious capital .	Milan is not concerned with politics .	0
Take a trip to nearby Conca dei Marini to visit the stalactites of the Grotta di Smeraldo or Emerald Grotto , where the waters are as brilliantly emerald green as those of Capri 's Grotta Azzurra are blue , believed by many to be even more beautiful .	Capri 's Grotta Azzurra 's waters are blue , but they are not as pretty as The Emerald Grotto 's .	2
In London , the Daily Telegraph reported Rupert Murdoch had read a lesson at a memorial service for one of his former columnists at the London Times , Woodrow Wyatt .	One of Rupert Murdoch 's former columnists has passed away .	0
we should have six and eight years automatically of Spanish and i i push my daughters i 've got two daughters and	Spanish isn 't needed or important .	2
In the advanced scenarios , for example , both demand reductions and the increased use of gas tends to reduce carbon emissions .	Carbon emissions are reduced by decreases in demand and increased use of gas .	0
Gods below , what a meal , said Adrin , staring wide-eyed at the table full of food .	Adrin was not impressed by the table full of food .	2
A young and rather scared looking nurse appeared with a bottle which she proffered to Nibs , who waved her towards Cynthia with the somewhat enigmatical remark : " I 'm not really here to-day . " Cynthia took the bottle and examined it with the severity of a judge .	The nurse was nervous to give the bottle over to Nibs .	0
But the notion of , say , Belgium popping up to enjoin us from criticizing moules frites seems unfair .	It isn 't right for Belgium to stop us criticizing moules frites .	0
The statute directed the Administrator of GSA to issue guidelines to ensure that agencies promote , encourage , and facilitate the use of frequent traveler programs offered by airlines , hotels , and car rental vendors by federal employees who engage in official travel .	The guidelines were tested , trialed and had no chance of failure .	1
uh two years ago my children started asking they say picture of it over at Texans and we started going there again we sort of rediscovered it	I thought that part of my life was over , but I was mistaken .	1
Catch you then , Johnette	Johnette will be seen later .	0
To accomplish this , the board must raise or lower interest rates to bring savings and investment at that target unemployment rate in line with each other .	The board cannot raise or lower interest rates if it wants to accomplish this .	2
Mrs. Vandemeyer was dead must have been dead some hours .	Mrs. Vandemeyer had been dead for a while .	0
never show any anyway anything that i ever wanted i rented a lot of videos because the closest movie theater was Barry Saint Edmunds and who wants who wants to drive twenty miles to go to the movies	I rented videos because it was just too hard to get to the movie theater without a car .	1
Another old wound had deformed the muscle of his left arm .	His right arm had a wound on it .	2
And suddenly a dread clutched at his heart .	His premonitions were completely correct .	1
The wolf dates from around the fifth century b.c. , but the little Romulus and Remus that she is suckling are actually Renaissance additions by Pollaiuolo .	The wolf component is older than little Romulus and Remus .	0
What is that ? I asked .	I wondered what that was but didn 't say a word .	2
well TV shows	Shows on television	0
In fiscal years 1999 and 2000 , $ 10 million was appropriated each year for the demonstration project .	The demonstration project received a lot of money for two years .	1
He might be baffled as to why the Kentuckian had not made a move to claim kinship with Hunt .	There was a Kentuckian who hadn 't claimed kinship with the Hunt .	0
Under the final rule , published on November 7 , 2000 , recipients will be permitted to carry over fund balances of 10 % or less ; will be able to seek LSC approval for carryover balances of between 10 % and 25 % ; and will be generally prohibited from retaining fund balances of over 25 % , except in three very limited and especially compelling circumstances .	There are four scenarios which could nullify regulation of fund balances by recipients .	2
He could not be facing wild Apaches or Navajos .	He couldn 't be expected to watch Ben Carson .	2
No , we 're not .	We are not .	0
They go blind .	Everyone can see perfectly .	2
Shot Will Bachus when he stood up to ' em , an ' made it all legal ' cause they had a tin-horn deputy ridin ' with ' em .	They did not shoot Will Bachus , even though he stood up to them .	2
Argued October 4 , 2000- Decided February 28 , 2001 *	The decision took shorter than similar cases .	1
Dunleavy , John , Hjelm , Elizabeth , Johansson , Henry , and Walther , Thomas .	Only three people in the list .	2
( a ) Averages obscure the fact that most of Clinton 's tax increase did fall on the affluent .	Most people don 't realize that most of Clinton 's tax increase did fall on the affluent .	0
We were just sort of walking and I looked around and he wasn 't there . " This was perfectly true , and Red felt on safe ground .	Red said he was walking and then just lost the other person .	0
i 'll eat it as long as i 'm not around while it 's being cooked	As long as I don 't have to see it being cooked , I will eat it .	0
well that kind of caught me by surprise it 's kind i think i think that they have changed drastically i mean i think about people like my mother who you know gave up their careers and stayed home to raise kids and um you know played a really subservient role in the family and i just don 't see that anymore at all	The change is born of very active calling for it within the community .	1
they 're sure i mean there 's no doubt i mean i there can be no shadow of a doubt in my mind there has to be no shadow of a doubt to get that penalty so once they 've gotten the penalty and there is no doubt do it	Sometimes people are still put to death even when they 're not entirely sure .	1
Buses give you a sightseeing tour at a bargain price , respecting schedules as far as traffic allows ( rush hours can create terrible jams ) .	Busses are the best way to see landmarks .	1
Other participants believed that there is no shortage of qualified board members willing to serve and that the board needed to look beyond the list of usual suspects .	Everyone is in agreement that there are not more potential board members available .	2
But it would not be inaccurate to describe a woman as a nebbish or as nebbishy .	There aren 't any women who could be described as nebbish .	2
Only twenty , disappointed Rafik asked .	Rafik asked , Only twenty ?	0
'Just relax .	Get riled up .	2
Tourists who fly into Alicante 's airport on package holidays usually begin their sightseeing with a visit to the provincial capital .	The capital is closed on every package holiday so no visiting happens on those days .	2
yeah i think i 've seen you know commercials yeah	I saw the commercials yesterday .	1
so i i don 't know i don 't know what the i don 't know what the answer is	Could you please repeat the question , because I 'm not sure what to reply with .	1
yeah yeah i i uh i really i 'm bewildered as far as how they could even work something like this in if they try to make it mandatory	It makes complete sense to me that this would be mandatory .	2
you know they because they always think it 's all him and see there 's not you know	There are many other factors involved besides the man .	1
His blades swung , cut , and twirled but they never touched her .	She avoided injury .	0
High cliffs and plateaus rose from the rock-hard cracked mud .	The mud was squishy and wet .	2
well that 's good we we planted three pecan trees out front and every one of them died i told my husband this is the last one if it dies we 're going to something else	All of the pecan trees died .	0
Shows last up to four hours , but you can buy cheaper balcony tickets for just part of the program .	Shows are long , but you can buy cheap balcony seats to watch only part of the program .	1
so that was yeah yeah right really or live really close to school and have them walk	It was either that or have them walk to school .	0
Before the building of the Aswan Dam , the River Nile was home to many thousands of crocodiles , and some would gather on the muddy banks here to sun themselves .	Not a single crocodile has lived in the Nile since the Aswan Dam was built .	1
The Times Union coverage of Law Day quoted Chief Judge Judith S. Kaye as saying , The promise of freedom and equal justice is an empty one if our justice system is not accessible .	The quote that The Times Union printed was not accurate .	1
yeah yeah yeah i agree with you i i 'm glad you mentioned that because i think i have to since i don 't have the opportunity in the morning i 'll probably catch the the head lines on T News that 's a good point	I might not watch the news at all .	1
They might not be better off , but they would have to quit bellyaching .	They will have to quit their bellyaching .	0
Toward Greek Independence	Seeking Greek Freedom Since 1922 .	1
If they were white , fundamentalist Christians instead of Native American pantheists , Janet Reno would send in the tanks .	Reno likes white people more than Native Americans .	0
We recognize that federal agencies , including GAO , might be able to achieve some additional savings by taking more advantage of frequent flyer miles for government travel .	It 's possible that federal agencies could save more money by using more frequent flyer miles .	0
Trust revolving funds need capital in their operations , just like other revolving funds , the source of which is predominantly the revenue they have earned .	Trust revolving funds do not need any capital in their operations .	2
That the booze-peddling Bronfmans wanted nothing to do with a film that functions as the opposite of an intoxicant is the kind of irony with which Happiness teems .	Bronfmans wanted to work on that film .	2
In the 15th century , bloodthirsty mobs raided the synagogue and massacred the Jewish population .	The Jewish population of the city has always been welcomed .	2
spring and fall are nice times of the year	Spring and fall are very pleasant .	0
right right yeah i know i uh i do have a uh you know a computer at home but it 's one that the company has loaned me and that that 's been my situation is that uh that way i can get in access our um	I bought the computer I have at home , my company wouldn 't give me one .	2
That was your best man and I beat him unarmed , said Jon .	Jon had easily beaten the man .	1
Just come off night duty .	Just started my shift ,	2
'But ... the two of you ... ' Daniel shook his head .	Daniel was speaking about to two kids .	1
The Eskdale Corn Mill sits at the very top of the village , over Pack Horse Bridge .	The Eskdale Corn Mill is at the bottom of the village .	2
In 1994 , it was 45 percent .	It was around 1 percent in 1994 .	2
Cummins built production representative prototypes of its engines to demonstrate that the design and the engine hardware would perform to requirements .	Cummins decided not to waste time on a prototype .	2
That 's what I will speak to you about today .	That is all that I will talk about with you today .	1
That The Loss of Sexual Innocence doesn 't gel is a point too obvious to belabor .	Sexual Innocence is lost for all teens .	1
Higher payroll taxes may depress personal saving to the extent that households have less disposable income to save .	An increase in disposable income to save will result from these higher payroll taxes .	2
but well a lot of people wear those little uh terry cloth with rubber soles on the bottom especially around the pool so they just wear them right into the pool	A lot of people wear special shoes around the pool and wear them right into the pool .	0
In connection with the employer / employee payments exemption , the Analysis indicates only that large firms are likely to find the practice of dedicating an individual to marketing affiliates ' products more attractive than small firms .	According to the analysis of best practice marketing strategies , only large firms are likely to find the practice of dedicating an individual employee to serve assigned marketing affiliates products more attractive than small firms because they have more funding and long-term clients to disburse among their employees .	1
But foster ties are also strong .	Fostering strong ties is a good plan .	1
At least they were in here , drinking , too .	There were several people sleeping .	2
Neil Howe , a historian and economist , is a senior advisor for the Concord Coalition .	Neil Howe does not like economics and decided not to study them .	2
I understood his object .	I understood his object very well .	1
( The baseball season is another and AMC is a third . )	There is not another baseball season .	2
Within the U.S. it is surprising that the average postal density of the bottom quartile of routes ( ranked by cost ) is lower than the postal density for the rural routes serving the least densely settled 10 percent of the population ( 50 versus 89 ) .	The average postal density of the bottom quartile of routes is greater than the postal density for the rural routes	2
right oh i know it builds up really fast	The work has just been pouring in as of late .	1
Yeah , Pa , he got ' em in the Mexican War , an ' me , I wore ' em mostly through this past ruckus .	He was in the Mongolian War .	2
Now , in the matter of the loan to an English newspaper , you have arranged the details satisfactorily , Boris ?	You arranged this loan to the English newspaper , Boris ?	0
They have a theory for this .	Regarding this , they have a theory .	0
than anything else in in psychology doesn 't address it a lot of the psychology stuff the good stuff that 's in psychology it just comes out of the Bible and they don 't quote you the proverb out of it but the things that work in psychology other the years that they 've proven to work they just come out of the Bible and so this book it just really ties in all these things and how to train the child so they 're not going to be a curse to you when they 're thirteen	They were only using the Bible has their primary source .	1
A short way along the busy main road is the Garden of Gethsemane .	The Garden of Gethsemane is usually crowded with people .	1
Berman sadly acknowledges it .	Berman is not aware of it yet .	2
, the DOL / OSHA ergonomics rule and the USDA / AMS organic standards rule ) provided links to both the rules and electronic comment procedures .	There are two rules which provide links to both the rules and electronic comment procedure .	0
Tell me exactly what happened . The small boy drew a long breath .	The child cried and ran away before hearing what had happened .	2
These protocols are not applicable to the work GAO conducts in support of its legal opinions and decisions .	GAO doesn 't do any work to support its legal decisions .	2
Dionne 's , have been made by going the other way . )	They were made by going in the same way .	2
This executive guide was prepared under the direction of Lisa G. Jacobson , Director , Defense Audits .	: This executive guide was prepared under the direction of Lisa G. Jacobson .	0
One of these rode past , eyes blazing in controlled fury .	He was furious .	0
My small village , Fena Dim , stands under the sword .	Fena Dim was in danger .	0
The paper says Clinton denied sexually harassing Jones or anyone else .	The paper says Clinton confessed to sexually harassing Jones	2
But it 's all O.K.	But it 's never going to be fine .	2
i don 't know could be the t he economic still You know the there 's the poverty level is certainly uh you know much worse in the Latin American countries i mean you can say that about Africa too i think it has something to do with the poverty level because Africa is certainly not a Catholic uh country and yet	Poverty is concerning no matter where it is found .	1
But doesn 't the happy combination of low unemployment and low inflation show the payoff from hidden productivity growth ?	Does the combination of low unemployment and low inflation show a payoff from productivity growth ?	0
up until it 's coach pitch until you get nine which my little boy will be nine in May so he 's going to be with uh regular pitching and my eleven year old of course you know is pitching	When you 're 9 , the coach pitches for you .	2
uh that 's asking for trouble people are too different	Most people will remain calm if you do that .	1
When the return to stockholders rises by 150 percent , so must the price of your company 's stock .	Your company 's stock price must increase if shareholder return increases by 150 percent .	0
right yeah Oliver Stone isn 't it	Absolutely , it is Emma Stone , no question about it .	2
uh and she still drives which we do does scare us some because she has dented a few things you know	She dented a few parts of the car while driving .	1
A Notice of Proposed Rulemaking was published in the Federal Register on April 18 , 1996 ( 61 Fed .	There is a notice of rulemaking that was published on the Federal Register .	0
After successfully completing the performance evaluation period , the employee then begins earning a full salary .	After completing the performance evaluation period , the employee gets paid the full amount .	0
The impact of his treatment of the beast fell upon him and Ca 'daan let out a single sob .	Caden laughed as the impact of the treatment took full effect .	2
uh-huh yeah a lot of people do that for a living i guess	Many people have that job .	0
Its basilica , like the peaceful medieval town center , has been beautifully preserved , and the centuries-old pilgrim trade manages ( sometimes just barely ) to avoid the unashamed commercialism that blights other religious shrines .	The pilgrim trade has been ongoing for the past 500 years .	1
( Not all these cafe will be open throughout the summer months . )	The cafes might not be open during summer .	0
The cover story examines the stalled Israeli-Palestinian peace process through the eyes of Jibril Rajoub , the head of the Palestinian Authority 's secret police .	Jibril Rajoub is the head of the secret police of the Palestinian Authority .	0
oh DSEG defense systems and electronics group	DSEG is not a group that works with electronics .	2
i know who was the quarterback see i can 't even think of who the New Orleans quarterback is	I know who the quarterback for New Orleans is .	2
you didn 't even didn 't even look huh	You did not look .	0
It describes the small entities ( small business issuers ) to which the rule will apply .	The rule will apply to some small entities .	0
The interior was covered with golden mosaics , lit by countless flickering candelabras .	The interior was drab and lit by several fluorescent overhead lights .	2
it 's not David is it	I know it is David .	2
That was only natural . "	It was natural .	0
Figures which the Results Group deemed too soft to be used in 2001 will eventually be moved to the reliable column .	The figures were not soft at all .	2
However , LSC , in the proper exercise of its statutory authority , may sometimes reject a state plan as insufficiently responsive to the tenets of State Planning and substitute a reconfiguration plan adjudged to better maximize effective and efficient delivery of high quality legal services .	LSC has no authority in rejecting any state plans .	2
Chiran ( 80 minutes inland by bus from Kagoshima ) is a peaceful , secluded 18th-century samurai village .	There still are samurai villages left .	0
Centers for Equal Justice , said LSC spokesman Eric Kleiman .	Eric Kleiman said something about centers for equal justice .	0
At the top end of the lake , you wander into dense forest through a fantastic chaos of rocks and grottos that according to local tradition are variously inhabited by the Devil and King Arthur himself .	You will see the Devil himself on your journey .	1
Advancing such a conflict automatically counts as news .	Moving such a conflict forward does not pique anyone interest .	2
A prospector he had grub-staked , found the Oro Cruz , one of the richest mines in the Tubacca hills .	A prospector couldn 't find the Oro Cruz mine in the Tubacca hills .	2
He had no visible weapons and looked softer than Marcus and the other .	He didn 't look that threatening to the people that were staring at him .	1
The hamlet entered historical chronicles for its military significance ; it was located near the main line of resistance to the Christian reconquest .	The hamlet was militarily significant because of the protection the trees gave .	1
Food and a bath !	It was all I wanted in the world .	1
Average boxes per mile differ by a factor of nine .	Boxes per mile varies	1
A third , made to Atlanta Legal Aid ( partnering with Georgia Legal Services ) , built on earlier efforts by AARP and created Self Help Offices ( SHO ) for an urban setting ( Atlanta ) and a rural setting ( a mobile office that will move from community to community ) .	Atlanta Legal Aid only works in downtown Atlanta and does not partner with any other organizations .	2
The basic qualification , the Open Water certificate , takes five days to complete .	The Open Water certificate takes a minimum of five days to earn , but some people need up to ten days to complete it .	1
Jamaica 's protected market was effectively gone .	The protected market of Jamaica had vanished .	0
The Victorious Immune Evolutionary biologists speculate that a hypersensitive immune system was needed back when parasites were ubiquitous and deadly .	The Victorious Immune Evolutionary biologists suggest that there were no parasites in the past .	2
You see , under the terms of their father 's will , while John inherited the property , Lawrence , at his stepmother 's death , would come into a considerable sum of money .	John was left off his father 's will .	2
This was the life of Jacob White , flashing before my eyes .	I pictured Jacob dying .	1
The neighborhood south of the Vatican , Trastevere , literally across the Tiber , has long been renowned as the most popular quarter of Rome .	The Trastevere neighborhood was mostly built in medieval times .	1
Particularly interesting is the collection of paintings and photographs of old Hong Kong .	The paintings and photographs of Hong Kong were of interest .	0
and then we have an excise tax up here too i don 't know if you have one every year down there	We also have an excise tax here ; I don 't know if you do .	0
yeah i 'm not exactly sure where the you know the can thing is but you know sometimes it 's just so seems so much easier just to take it and throw it in the trash and have them pick it up than it is to smash the cans and drive it some place to have them	It 's much easier having cans be picked up than throwing them straight in the bin .	2
On that issue hinges the abundance of intelligent life in the universe .	On that issue hangs the huge amount of intelligent life in the universe	0
The door opened .	The entrance was exposed with the opened door .	0
The agency 's directives should also show the specific milestones and documentation required for a procurement .	The agency has directives that currently do not show specific milestones .	0
but uh i did you happen to see last night the special on channel two with James Galway	James Galway was on Channel two last night .	0
and uh that 's a lot of fun then they have a uh there 's a commercial water park they 're called the Schlitterbahn which is a barrel of fun	They have a fun water park , that 's always way too crowded , called Schlitterbahn .	1
Give them something to watch and remember and they will forget what you don 't want them to see , " said Jon .	Offering a viable alternative means that they will all forget about the thing you tried to shield them from .	1
Doesn 't this mean , then , that having a more or less equal distribution of income makes for a happier society , even if it does not raise anyone 's material standard of living ? That is , you can use the fact that people did not feel poor in the 1950s as an argument for a more radical egalitarianism than even most leftists would be willing to espouse .	Equal distribution of income does not make society as a whole happy .	2
yeah it 's a top rated institution and now i	It is not a good institution .	2
i just i usually yeah okay well it 's been fun you have a good day	it was enjoyable , i hope you have a pleasant day	0
In 1903 , officials of the San Pedro , Los Angeles , and Salt Lake Railroad arrived in Las Vegas , eager to secure a right-of-way for their Los Angeles Salt Lake connection .	Railroad officials visited Las Vegas in 1903 .	0
Everything was arranged by the family as a penance for avoiding work .	The family did it for no reason but the kindness of their heart .	2
Not only do people appreciate my respect for their preferences , but I also don 't have to choose to whom to cater in mixed situations .	Everyone likes respectful people .	1
He sat the rapier down next to himself .	He picked up the rapier .	2
Bitch .	She 's lovely .	2
Or was it a sombrero ?	A sombrero is in question .	0
For an account of Benidorm 's discovery by world tourism and a description of the town 's most interesting sights , see page 43 .	It is not possible to find a written description of the town 's most interesting sites .	2
While many organizations have programs to deter and detect fraudulent payments , improper payments resulting from miscalculation and other errors often receive inadequate attention .	No organizations have programs to deter and detect fraudulent payments .	2
Keeping up with the latest in discos and clubs can be a full-time job for professional night- there 's no point in turning up before midnight .	Experienced dancers and DJ 's come to this place in order to work in clubs and discos .	1
Suppose you want to be frugal in the future .	You 're rich , no need to be frugal at all .	2
Although public attention focuses on the trust fund insolvency dates , the effect of financing Social Security and Medicare will be felt sooner as the baby boom generation begins to retire .	We 'll see the struggle in financing Medicare as soon as the baby boomers begin to come of age .	0
Who else ?	And that 's the only person who was around .	2
It was designed by Felix de Weldon and bears a striking similarity to his Iwo Jima Memorial to the Pacific War in Washington , DC .	Felix de Weldon was the designer .	0
Is it hypocrisy ?	It could be hypocrisy .	0
yeah yeah just like VCRs too yeah i thought of that too that if i wait it 'll get a lot less expensive and i can do without it for a while	I thought I would just buy now and not care about the cost .	2
We have observed that modernizing performance management systems and linking them to agency strategic plans and desired outcomes should be a top priority as agencies seek to transform their cultures in response to existing and emerging challenges and opportunities .	Agencies don 't need to change because modernization is bad for the culture .	2
in one neighborhood and they have pickup there it 's uh i think once or twice a week	they do pickup on mondays and thursdays in that neighborhood	1
what other topics have you had	What are the topics you have had ?	0
The Missouri Court of Appeals in St. Louis has blocked a judge 's proposal to give as much as $ 750,000 to organizations that provide legal services for the poor .	The Missouri Court of Appeals upheld the judge 's recommendation to increase funding .	2
He scanned the great lawyer eagerly .	He ignored the lawyer .	2
( If you doubt this , read Matt Ridley 's excellent new book , The Origins of Virtue . ) That 's one reason the ever expanding scope of economic activity is essentially a force of nature--it can be guided , it can be slowed , but it can 't , realistically , be stopped .	Economics has a very wide read and can never be stopped .	0
Just the same , the American economy is the healthiest it 's been in a quarter-century .	Up to now , the American economy is the healthiest it 's been , but it 's not going to last long .	1
Its vast bronze doors pictorially chart the island 's history , and the immense main gallery inside has a diamond in the floor beneath the dome , symbolizing that now-distant era when Cuba was rich .	Its vast bronze doors pictorially chart the island 's history in their historical engravings .	1
clock on my phone	There is a clock on my cell phone .	0
Reduction Act Begins field	The reduction act has begun and will end soon .	1
After Carrey 's Kaufman tells Zmuda the news , he responds that they can really make something out of this gag .	He does not respond .	2
Starting pay is only $ 31,196 , Waters said .	Waters didn 't know how much the starting pay was .	2
Hardship was compounded with the advent of World War II , even though Spain stayed neutral throughout the war .	World War II had no impact on the quality of life in Spain .	2
Auditors should perform such follow-up to determine whether officials of the audited entity have taken appropriate corrective actions .	Such follow-ups to determine whether officials of the audited entity have taken appropriate corrective actions.should be performed by auditors .	0
It was dead quiet .	It was absolutely silent .	0
Two , three times that thar mule saved m ' skin fur me .	That mule has saved me a couple of times .	0
99 percent chance that a Republican Congress will pursue any case Starr can deliver .	There is an almost 100 percent chance that a Republican Congress will pursue any delivered case by Starr .	1
yeah well i 'm i 'm sort of a rough-and-ready camper i 'll uh	I like to improvise when I go camping .	0
yeah you 'd have to be	I don 't see how that would work .	2
The skulls of the dead grinned from ropes that hung , candles burning in their eyes .	The skulls of the dead grinned with LED lights burning in their eyes .	2
The net avoided cost measure ( NAC ) of the USO is the sum of the losses from unprofitable routes .	Losses from unprofitable routes are included in the NAC measure .	0
6-billion budget from the United States .	A $ 6 billion budget from the US	0
The next day they were gone .	They were gone the next day .	0
The most direct route from the Jaffa Gate and the Cityel to the Temple Mount is by way of the intriguing bazaars along David Street ( as you come through Jaffa Gate , just walk in a straight line to the descending steps that begin beside the once-grand 19th-century Petra Hotel ) .	There is a direct route from the Jaffa Gate to the Temple Mount and it takes about 10 minutes to walk it .	1
Instead , it assumes that the full impact of fine particles on premature mortality can be captured using a concentration-response function relating daily mortality to short-term fine particle levels .	The full impact of the fine particles cannot be summarized into a function .	2
and they probably they do it all by hand probably	I bet everything 's done by hand .	0
The Sydney Morning Herald of Australia commented in an editorial on the news that in Britain since the death of Princess Diana , secular funeral music has become the rage .	Secular funeral music has become the rage in Britain according to the Sydney Morning Herald of Australia .	0
A 'Deem left his booth to the boy with a strong threat and whispered to the mercenary who walked the lane .	A 'Deem stayed at his booth .	2
It was fifteen feet wide but the edges tapered downward and the lack of any support made it seem much smaller .	It seemed much small when there wasn 't enough support .	0
Called WebRecord , it has some advantages over PrintSmart .	WebRecord has some better points than PrintSmart .	0
Rinnoji belongs to the Tendai sect of Buddhism .	Rinnoji is a spiritual site of the Christianity in Japan .	2
The journey north from KL either by train or car takes you through a captivating landscape of jungle reaching back from the coastal plains to climb the blue hills of the Barisan Titiwangsa Range .	You may also take a bus to take the journey north from KL .	1
Physician advocacy plays an important role in influencing screening practices by increasing awareness of the problem and by generating support for screening and intervention services .	Physician advocacy helps influence screening protocols .	0
yeah uh um i 've watched Murder She Wrote a couple of times but um i like mysteries and i do like Columbo but there what is opposite Murder She Wrote there 's something else that i watch i think it 's that family home video show	I like mystery genre , but i also like comedy shows such as family home video show .	0
First , producers are no longer required to obtain at least catastrophic coverage for economically significant crops but may sign a waiver foregoing emergency crop loss assistance .	This insurance requirement was recently change to allow producers more flexibility on their insurance choice .	1
But she 'll come round right enough .	She will change her mind eventually .	0
The design and peer-review of studies on alcohol interventions in the emergency care setting should be geared more towards embracing the perspectives of emergency medicine specialists .	Studies of alcohol intervention I 'm ERs should focus on the perspectives of medical professionals .	0
'Charge , ' White said softly .	White shouted ' Charge ! '	2
have you seen that that that 's a good i think that 's just a cute real cute movie	That is one of the cutest movies I have ever seen .	1
uh the most recent movie i saw uh i 'm afraid was uh well two two of them actually uh the Rain Man was one	I have watched Rain Man before .	0
But perhaps one of Mrs. Inglethorp 's keys would open it . " He tried several , twisting and turning them with a practiced hand , and finally uttering an ejaculation of satisfaction .	None of the keys would open it .	2
I blinked .	I stared in amazement .	2
well there are all different kinds there	Just one kind there	2
However , fear of the rampaging English army led the Scots again to seek help from their old allies in France , and the young queen married the Dauphin Francois , son of the French king .	The Scots married their young queen to Dauphin Francois , in order to improve relations .	0
The teams are assisted by 60 kids who snitch on their peers .	60 kids who snitch on their peers are assisting the teams .	0
yeah that that 's sort of the way i feel too i don 't know what else we just saw something recently	I don 't quite agree with you .	1
An ' when our boys licked up a nest of th ' varmints why , we 'd taken us a mess o ' respectable Yank ' Irregulars , ' ' cordin ' to their story .	They said that we ate meat in that story , but we are vegetarian .	2
The Ptolemaic era came to an end with its most famous ruler , Queen Cleopatra .	The end of the Ptolemaic era ushered in centuries of Roman rule .	1
Take the metro to Rambuteau and start at the corner of the Rue des Archives and Rue des Francs-Bourgeois , named after the poor people who were al ? ­ lowed to live here tax-free during the 14th century .	You can take the metro to start your tour .	0
oh yeah oh yeah well i uh i 'm retired from education i worked thirty four years as a teacher and administrator in the Dayton here this the Dayton school system and uh several of my players uh players several of my former students uh played with Minnesota Vikings and then with the Cleveland Browns	I retired as a teacher and administrator in Ohio .	1
yeah well i guess we have to get back to hobbies since	I guess we have to get back to hobbies .	0
A curious point is that the name is usually mentioned .	They have been identified .	2
Participants questioned whether , given the current funding restraints , existing models for generating revenues for the SEC were workable .	The Securities and Exchange Commission used participants in a study .	1
A day after that , he disappeared , or rather ceased to be visible .	He disappeared into the woods the next day .	1
If you do plan to buy jewelry , be sure to consult the Shopping Guide to Jewellery published by the Hong Kong Tourist Authority to find a reputable dealer .	Reputable jewellery dealers can be found in the Hong Kong Tourist Authority .	0
Tuppence 's pertness delighted the old misogynist .	The old misogynist took pleasure in Tuppence 's cheekiness .	0
Inside the structure a shaft was dug 28 m ( 91 ft ) into the bedrock where the Djoser 's burial chamber was situated .	Egyptians never had the technology to dig more than 2 meters .	2
When the US refused to annex Hawaii , and instead demanded the reinstitution of the Queen , the sugar industry simply declared Hawaii a Republic , with Sanford B. Dole its president .	The US refused to annex Hawaii , so the Hawaiians revolted .	1
Ten years ago Robert Reich , having seen the French Minitel experiment , warned that Europe would beat the United States to the next communication revolution--instead , U.S.	They lamented that the U.S. would beat them within the next ten days .	2
Most influential at this stage was architect William Playfair , and his flair can be seen in many of the streets and public buildings of the time .	William Playfair had a failed career in architecture .	2
It 's the scene in a posh restaurant in which Wallace regards the Wigands ' paroxysms of fear over the coming 60 Minutes interview with aristocratic contempt .	Wigands was very happy about the upcoming interview .	2
Essentially , a patient in this position is uninsured .	In this position , a patient is uninsured .	0
If you do not charge anything for copies of this eBook , complying with the rules is very easy .	Compliance with the rules is very easy if you don 't charge anything for copies of this eBook .	0
The fabric is then dipped in cool vegetable or synthetic dye , which colors the cloth around the wax pattern .	Dipping the cloth in dye has not effect and does not color the cloth .	2
But metaphysical implications seem to have interested him less than enforcing a moral example to unite his far-flung subjects in peace and fellowship , under him .	He was concerned with metaphysical matters rather than setting a moral example .	2
After getting cheek and chin implants and facial liposuction , talk show host Sally Jessy Raphael ended up with such a lopsided smile , reports the Star , that viewers called in wondering if she 'd had a stroke .	Due to surgery , Sally Jessy Raphael seems now like a person who had a stroke , because of her smile .	0
what type of job do you have	What type of construction job do have ?	1
However , IT has demonstrably improved access to this information .	Information technology has improved information access .	0
The exclusive triple click rate adjusted for median parallel traffic soon reached 34.98 and grew at an impressive pace .	The triple click rate grew really quickly .	0
But there are different kinds of fishing .	There is only one type of fishing .	2
In discussing the role and responsibilities of boards of directors , participants stated that it starts with having the right people on the board who are independent , knowledgeable , and ethical and whose integrity is unquestionable .	Participants said the board is archaic .	2
Keeping all those planes , ships , and troops on alert is expensive .	Is not expensive to keep military components in alert .	2
Both grants come from the Legal Services .	2 grants came from the Legal Services .	0
The time needed to complete this phase of an implementation project is expected to be less than three months .	It is expected to take less than three months for this phase of an implementation project to be completed .	0
) House Judiciary Committee staffers can 't recall a single occasion on which Barr cooperated with Democrats .	If you ask House Judiciary Committee staffers , they will tell you that Barr and the Democrats cooperate very nicely .	2
5 billion that these banks can use to fund their mortgages , home equity loans , automobile loans , and other types of loans for which they receive approximately 7 percent or more on interest they charge .	$ 25 billion was used by the banks to fund loans to Americans .	2
Once employees registered their interest in participating in the program , we considered a number of factors employee knowledge , skills , performance , and competencies ; the organizational unit or subunit in which an employee worked ; an employee 's occupational series , grade , or band level , as appropriate ; and the geographic location of the employee .	The geographic location of the employee is considered .	0
' An entire environment .	An entire ecosystem of life , plants , organisms and animals .	1
so it 's kind of interesting when it 's work great smooth	The work is always difficult and boring .	2
Thus a decision to do case studies could lead to the collection of irreconcilably dissimilar information from groups working on the same job .	a decision to do case studies may also lead to a multitude of other effects as well .	1
We were surrounded by White 's men .	We were sitting in peace till the morning .	2
It employs a full- time staff of about 75 lawyers , paralegals , intake specialists , social workers and others .	They are well staffed .	1
LSNY disperses approximately $ 33 million a year , of which $ 12 million comes from the federal Legal Services Corporation .	LSNY disperses approximately $ 1 million dollars and will be decreasing that amount soon .	2
The court moved back from Versailles to Paris .	The court lived in Versailles .	0
where 's she at	I don 't know where she is .	0
And I suppose nobody knows that or dares to use it ? There was hurt pride of the aged face and the ring of vast authority in his voice .	His face and voice signified both pride and authority .	0
His back blew out and he fell over the back of his horse as it rode past .	He fell off the horse and his his head .	1
The Federal Reserve earns large amounts of interest on its portfolio of Treasury securities and deposits to the Treasury all net income after deducting dividends and the amount necessary to bring the surplus of the Federal Reserve Banks to the level of capital paid-in .	the reserve earns large amount of interest on its portfolio .	0
everyone everyone i talk to they say you know it 's real easy to say that	Everyone says it 's real easy to say .	0
But Jane only laughed .	But Jane began to cry .	2
The donation	The donation in the amount of .... dollars .	1
At posh hotels with posh connections , supplies would be high-level and instantaneous .	Supplies at the nice hotels would be things like fine china .	1
Representative The distribution of unfiled rates is positively skewed , which means that instances are piled up at the low end and scattered out over the high end .	There are more unfiled rates in the middle than at the high end .	1
This top-level support is especially critical given that an investment of time and money is often needed in these types of efforts .	The support is critical from the top because investment is needed .	0
This subcommittee is uniquely positioned to consider these broadbased and crosscutting challenges and what needs to be done to address them .	The subcommittee is not involved in this decision making .	2
The Legislature has attempted to address the problem by establishing family- law facilitator offices throughout the state to help litigants in child-support matters .	The offices are there to worsen the children 's lives .	2
'I am Russian , ' she said , simply .	She was not proud to say she was Russian .	1
They will burn the village , said Gauve .	Guave didn 't say anything about what he knew .	2
and otherwise you have to wear darker colors in the winter for some reason and i guess part of that is um just the physics of it that in what isn 't it dark colors attract the sun and light colors repel repel them so	You have to wear darker colors in the winter , because dark colors attract sunlight , and light colors repel it .	0
The demise of Communism in 1989 and the move to a free-market economy have had a dramatic impact on Poland as a shopping destination .	Communism in Poland fell in 1993 .	2
Everywhere silence , and shuttered windows .	It was quiet and the windows were secured .	0
well that 's a change then oh of course going to school too it 's different from the home environment	School is just like home in all respects .	2
* * We now agree that we should not have reported that Philip Morris and Reynolds [ which had also sued ] add significant amounts of nicotine from outside sources .	Philip Morris and Reynolds suing resulted in a retraction of the report .	1
And perhaps this was the time when he should begin building up the background one Drew Kirby must present to Tubacca , Arizona Territory .	He should work on the foreground .	2
Her death was a shock and a distress , but she would not be passionately regretted .	Everyone was ashamed for not being sadder .	1
She was starting to get just as freaked out as me .	She was getting as scared as I was .	0
8 ) The media will turn on the GOP .	The media will support the GOP .	2
yeah and it 's not you know we don 't promote it a lot outside the community because we don 't want recognition for it you know so much as we just want to help people out so it 's real neat it 's	We promote it a lot so we can get recognition .	2
And for some politicians , such as Arizona 's John McCain , living in an adopted home state doesn 't seem to matter at all .	John McCain is one of Arizona 's most famous politicians .	1
Requirements and Analysis .	there are no requirements and analysis	2
Robert Lowe speculated that the current situation represents both a unique opportunity for an intervention in the emergency department and a failure of the primary care system .	Robert Lowe made different speculations about the current situation .	0
Titian displays his masterly use of color and light in The Concert ( Hall 5 , Venus ) , a haunting portrait of The Englishman and bare-breasted Magdalen ( Hall 6 , Apollo ) .	Titian is credited with using color and light like a master .	0
E-mail a brief note , your resume , and a review of any recently published book of poetry to kinsley @ slate.com.	Don 't bother sending me your works .	2
Johnny gittin ' his hair cut with a slug sure shook Rennie up some , almost as much as it shook Johnny .	Johnny was lucky the bullet didn 't hit his head .	1
We 're helping them to help themselves by knowing their rights , she said .	We don 't teach them anything .	2
Lower Fitzwilliam Street , at the southeast corner of Merrion Square , houses the offices of the Electricity Supply Board .	The Electricity Supply Board offices are far north of Merrion Square .	2
Rationalizing street delivery cost by decreasing the quality of delivery service can have a profound impact on the postal density and consequently , on delivery cost .	Decreasing the standard of delivery service will never have any impact on delivery cost .	2
No horned helmet was found , but the discovery is complicating--perhaps overturning--theories about the settlement of North America .	A horned helmet was found America .	2
Fragments of the royal palace are still standing by the Jeu de Paume museum in the northwest corner of the Jardin des Tuileries .	Tourists often visit the area near the Jeu de Paume museum , to see the remnants of the Royal Palace .	1
Won 't she ? said Tuppence thoughtfully .	It 's not possible that she will ? asked Tuppence .	0
It is one of the most cherished questions in Romantic poetry .	It is a cherished question because it deals with the very essence of Romanticism .	1
Take time to stroll along the narrow streets in the old town stretching downhill from the cathedral , which offer a combination of historic charm and modern French sophistication .	Walk down the small roads from the cathedral to see a combination of old and new .	0
In the hills south of Runaway Bay is the village of Nine Mile .	The Nine Mile village is north of Runaway Bay .	2
The muffins are still tasty , and that 's what matters .	The muffins still taste good , that 's what we should care about .	0
I say , what was the end of that message ?	Could you repeat the last part of the message again ?	0
'Trust me , it 's easy , ' Derry said .	Derry said that killing the men over there would be easy .	1
um-hum yeah that 's not quite so so easy yeah yeah	It can be completed in a minute , piece of cake !	2
Come here , Hastings .	Hastings , get here .	0
Oh , yes , I would , son ! Kramenin must have recognized something in the voice that carried conviction , for he said sullenly : " Well ?	I would give you a piggyback ride just like when you were a boy !	1
In Dolly 's case , they took a mammary cell and grew it on a petri dish in cell culture so that it produced more copies of itself .	Dolly was being cloned to show that all organisms can be cloned .	1
There are dozens of shops , a spa , and a branch of the Bishop Museum in the Kalia Tower .	There is a Bishop Museum in the Kalia Tower .	0
The mosaic also shows the basilica with the famous bronze horses brought from Constantinople after the Crusade of 1204 ( the ones over the triple-arched main entrance are copies , the originals are kept in the basilica museum since their recent restoration ) .	The basilica mosaic was recently restored .	0
Some score high on reasonable tests of quality	Most score poorly on tests of quality .	1
( For more information on FHWA 's senior executive performance plans , see app .	Information on FGWA 's senior executive performance plans are available in the app .	0
'What are you using for a brain ? '	What are you using as the heart ?	2
when they come out uh-huh that what the look like but they only bloom for one day	They bloom all summer .	2
The presence of alcohol may not always indicate an alcohol problem .	If there 's alcohol , it means it indicates an alcohol problem .	2
Write-offs themselves are not the problem .	Cancelling debts are not an issue .	0
The application , even though it produced phrases completely illogical and nonsensical , became quite popular , and some of its most unique catchphrases you could have seen on TV - ' Out With There Harm Out ! ' or ' To Them Bag Away Now Now ! '	the application was popular .	0
The paper was presented to the Commission in December 1998 and was revised in June 1999 to include the data from the Household Diary Study conducted in 1997 .	The paper was published in December 1998 then revised in 1999 to including we data from a household study in 1997	0
It was Susan in his head .	Susan was the least of his concerns , it was Lucas he was focused on most .	2
Just as the Daily Worker and New Masses , socialist papers from the 1930s , were peppered with citations of Marx and Engels , Educational Liberator is peppered with references to their libertarian equivalents--Friedrich Hayek and Ludwig von Mises .	Socialist papers featured quotes from Ghandi .	2
i don 't either but uh what i suspect is that illegals were hired for a hundred and fifty years of Texas history i don 't think they can stop it by a federal edict i don 't think the federal government can stop it by making by waving their magic wand and saying it will happen no more it 's just too inbred in the culture you know	I don 't think they can stop illegals from being hired .	0
One commenter expressed concern that the Commission would extend the requirement for an open access same-time information system ( OASIS ) to nonpublic , not-for-profit cooperative utilities and stated that the Commission would then be required to analyze the requirement 's effect on those utilities .	The Commission is considering extending the requirements to other utilities .	1
And the difference is , they 'd appreciate it .	They would appreciate it , but the other class would not .	1
oh really well um i don 't have that i don 't have that uh experience to share uh i i i do i do listen to a lot of you know i do i switch the stations stations a lot because i don 't have a cassette player in my car um	I don 't have a cassette player in my car because it 's too new .	1
I was late for work .	I slept through my alarm clock .	1
Where is the society of Beforethewars ? Destroyed , Doctor ! What good were youth and new things ? We are better off now .	The society of Beforethewars is being built up stronger than ever .	2
He 's unleashing Ballmer to fight and intimidate Microsoft 's enemies .	Ballmer will have an easy time defeating Microsoft 's enemies .	1
If the cost of the PP and E acquired equals the book value of the PP and E surrendered , there is no gain or loss ( nor a revenue or other financing source ) , because the exchange of one asset for another of equal value does not provide a net inflow of resources .	If PP and E acquired cost equals book value of PP and E surrendered , we can assume there was no leakage of money in the process .	1
And after I ran , there was really only one way things could go .	I ran away and limited my options .	0
( internal quotation marks omitted ) .	The quotations marks are missing .	1
I thought you were a nurse . " She frowned at him , but went to a corner where a small ball of some clear crystalline substance stood .	It was my understanding that you were in the nursing profession .	0
The Maharanas of Udaipur had five palaces in and around the CityPalace for winter quarters ; the Jagniwas in Lake Pichola used as a summer palace ( now the Lake Palace Hotel ) ; the Jag Mandir on Pichola , used for festivals ; the Lakshmi Vilas Palace for guests beside lake Fateh Sagar ; and a monsoon palace up in the Aravalli Hills .	Each of the palaces were built specifically for the types of weather they were occupied in .	1
I had a great laugh when I was in North Korea a few years ago and someone congratulated me on my phenomenal output .	I enjoyed my travels in North Korea .	1
or to put their child into a setting into a home setting where they would you know like they they would get leave at eight in the morning and and drop a two year old off in a home where you knew there were going to be four other kids and	They don 't have to leave their kids in the morning at all .	2
One method of introducing competition into postal systems , without affecting the universal service obligation , is through what have been termed worksharing discounts .	Worksharing discounts are a method of introducing competition into postal systems .	0
Labor Input Economic growth is partly dependent on how much labor is employed .	How much labor is employed does not change economic growth .	2
The use of domestic postage-based terminal dues appears most feasible among industrialized countries .	Developed nations are the only ones with the means and the money to establish these dues .	1
Though much of the city has grown up outside the fort modern in time , but not in style 3,000 people live within its walls .	There are thousands of people that live in the city .	0
Underwater exploring in the transparent depths of the Les Saintes archipelago ranges from good to outstanding .	You are not allowed to underwater explore Les Saintes archipelago .	2
78 Text Box 4.2 : Government Saving When Reducing Publicly Held	Economical results of reduction by the Government public held .	0
uh a lot of those boundaries	There are boundaries around the city .	1
Their curiosity pushed them to build vessels that were strong enough to ford the open seas and reach these islands , marking the start of the long legacy of Mediterranean seafaring .	They were nervous about the vessels .	2
Together they trotted up the rise , Red , as usual , in the lead .	They bustled up the rise , with Red at the front .	0
Hume follows by asking whether this means that Starr 's office is committed to eventually delivering a report ( thereby indicating that Starr has credible evidence of impeachable malfeasance ) .	Hume doesn 't inquire about the report .	2
A Drain on Defense ?	This does not take too many resources from defense at all .	2
to run all the way downstairs that that i don 't use it	To go all the way down the steps .	0
It is the centerpiece of the annual music festival , here in June ( see below ) .	The annual music festival takes place in June .	0
When Kurlak cuts his rating on Intel , what matters is not that he 's right or wrong about Intel 's prospects but that his cut in the rating will drop the stock regardless .	No one really cares if Kurlak is right or wrong , everyone agrees on that .	1
Others left , for instance , to join private practice or after failing to pass the state bar , he said .	A majority of people left because they wanted to try a different profession .	1
It 's pretty obvious what conservative politicians are trying to do develop a winning issue for the 1998 election .	Liberal politicians are trying to find a winning issue ahead of the 1998 election .	2
According to the comment from Representative Berman provided to the Commission , Congress was aware of the presence requirement and intended that the requirement be consistent with the provision of meaningful representation to the H-2A workers under	The Commission received a comment from Berman which makes it clear that Congress had no idea about the presence requirement .	2
In the ' 80s , Exxon 's brass visited the Wall Street Journal ' s top editors to complain about the paper 's coverage .	He complained about his company 's coverage .	0
possibly i think that um uh i 'm i 'm i 'm actually Jewish so i suspect that i would be more in favor of sort of nonsectarian sort of prayer	I 'm actually Jewish , my father has always been a jew and my mom converted to our religion when she married him	1
Like you 're a criminal for asking .	They understand why you ask .	2
Clinton is trying to reverse assumptions not merely about what should happen but also about what will happen .	Clinton doesn 't want to change anything .	2
Outstanding among the exhibits are Buddhist sculpture of the tenth- and 11th-century Heian era , illustrated narrative scrolls from the 13th-century Kamakura period , paintings by the great Muromachi artist Sesshu , and woodblock prints by the Edo-period masters Utamaro , Hirosege , and Hokusai .	The exhibits include paintings by the great Muromachi artist Sesshu .	0
thanks a lot could couldn 't you send us some nice weather	Couldn 't you send us some pleasant weather so we can go play outside ?	1
and the two guys i was with they were like well this you 're a wimp you know because we 've been drinking out of the water and we 're okay so they went out fly fishing and they 're having a great time	They caught many fish .	1
The other electric utility projects that boilermakers work on include such projects as routine maintenance at operating plants and new plant construction , which account for approximately 13,500,000 man-hours of	Boilermakers work on several important electric utility projects .	0
These individuals are responsible for ensuring the legality , propriety , validity , and accuracy of all payments they authorize .	The propriety and accuracy of all payments must be authorized by individuals .	0
That is where our older boys and girls go to be alone and away from the watchful eyes of adults .	The children don 't have anywhere they can go to avoid adults .	2
Two of the whipmasters saw Ca 'daan and the Kal lying along the dying horse .	Ca 'daan and Kal stayed by the horse 's side until it passed .	1
The food situation is a little depressing , too .	The food situation isn 't good .	0
We 're only one season into The Sopranos , so it 's a bit too early to say if this particular manifestation of mob art is influencing mob life , but I think it 's fair to say that no one in actual organized crime would ever want to be hooked up with Tony Soprano 's crew .	The Sopranos is having an effect on mob life .	1
The whole peninsula is a memorial , with plaques describing the campaign 's progress , and monuments to the soldiers of the Allied and Turkish armies .	The peninsula has only one memorial - for the soldiers of the Turkish army .	2
you know and i feel that 's very important it really is and it 's too bad because because mothers miss out on so much too so i mean in the sense that we 've come a long way yes but we 've sacrificed a lot to get there	You have to choose between work and your family .	1
no i have no idea but uh so you think that mostly they 're they 're pretty much satisfied with things the way they are	I 'm not sure , but I think they 're happy with how it is now .	0
The academy was founded by Cardinal Richelieu to be the supreme arbiter of the French language .	The academy is currently the ultimate authority on the French language .	1
I just did it .	I 'll get around to doing it later .	2
If , however , the evaluation question requires GAO to report on how satisfactory progress is or the reasons for problems in implementation , the more staff who can be on site over time , with the ricHe 'st or thickest base for examining the situation as the many people involved see it , the sounder our causal conclusions and subsequent recommendations will be .	If the GAO has to report on the progress , the recommendations will be much poorer quality .	2
You can see his pervasive influence on Milanese artists in the decorative paintings of Bernardino Luini and a fine Portrait of a Young Woman by Ambrogio de Predis .	Milanese artists were influenced by him .	0
The orchestra of rebab ( bowed flute ) , tawak-tawk ( gongs ) , and gunang ( double-headed drums ) plays music with a distinctly Middle Eastern flavor .	The orchestra plays music in a way that is reminiscent of the Middle East .	0
He 'd been vaguely worried about the apparent change in Ser Perth , who 'd turned from a serious and helpful doctor into a supercilious , high-handed fop .	Ser Perth was coming down with an illness that was causing insanity .	1
Skeptics said the president simply realized that contesting defense spending would be unpopular .	Skeptics thought the president based his approach to defense spending on how it would be received .	0
Later in the day Tommy received a wire : " Join me Manchester Midland Hotel .	Tommy stayed in that day and missed any messages sent to him .	2
Dances are held in Algaida on 25 July and 16 August and in Montuiri on 24 July and 15 , 23 , and 24 August .	Dances are popular with locals and tourists alike .	1
The panorama of the five volcanic craters of Mt . Aso blends vivid emerald-green mounds with great carpets of pink azaleas on the surrounding slopes and plateau .	The panorama of the four volcanic craters also blends vividly .	2
This intriguing glass structure nestled amidst the trees was created by Frank Lloyd Wright 's son as a memorial to the Swedish philosopher Emanuel Swedenborg .	The son of Frank Lloyd Wrigtht created this interesting glass structure .	0
The model allows us to focus on the contribution of national saving to output and living standards through the linkage between saving and the capital stock .	We focused on contributing to national savings .	0
man that sounds really nice	Wow , that 's the best thing I 've ever heard .	1
that 's uh can stifle creativity	That can limit creativity .	0
You 've seen this sort of picture People get drunk and drag skeletons out of closets , and the tension between the formal dinner party rituals and the truths that simmer beneath the surface give way to a Walpurgisnacht . The anti-patriarchal content is fairly routine , but you should see the movie anyway because the director , Thomas Vinterberg , is a great , hypersensitive filmmaker whose edgy , grainy , caught-on-the-fly camerawork seems to make the very celluloid shiver with rage .	Thomas Vinterberg was the producer .	2
The post-1960s Democratic Party has come close to making the same mistake .	The Democratic party made a mistake once .	0
This peer group benefited from the opportunity to come together to discuss the challenges and new opportunities created by the processes of state planning .	The group got together .	0
The authorities believe that the bounty hunters used their profession as a cover for armed robbery .	The bounty hunters may have used their professional title as a ruse to commit crime .	0
they 're on the increase in this area	The climate must be god for them because they are increasing .	1
Kahn 's five-part series on Grains of the World or Elizabeth Drew 's supposedly soporific reporting from Washington .	Elizabeth Drew 's reporting from Washington is very dull .	1
And no one knows which he is ... " With an effort the Russian shook off the vagary of his fancy .	And no one can tell which he is ...	1
Passaic Legal has been marshalling political and community opposition to the merger .	Passais Legal has been organizing campaigns in support of the merger .	2
if the sample must also be used for the fullscale definitive test , the 36-h limit on holding time ( see Subsection 8.5 .	The 36 hour limit is on holding time before the sample must be released .	1
His sister tugged at Kells ' sleeve .	His sister tugged at Kell .	0
Under a progressive tax system , the only way to eliminate the marriage penalty is to go back to relatively higher taxes on singles .	There 's only one way to get rid of the marriage penalty in a progressive tax system and that is to impose higher taxes on individuals .	0
It had been found in Mrs. Inglethorp 's cheque book , and on being reversed at a mirror , showed clearly the words : " ¦ erything of which I die possessed I leave to my beloved husband Alfred Ing ¦ " This placed beyond question the fact that the destroyed will had been in favour of the deceased lady 's husband .	It was discovered inside a cheque book that belonged to Mrs.Inglethorp.	0
Other patients may require more extended treatment .	Such patients are often a strain on the resources of health care professionals .	1
Now he put down the phone and looked at her--and the pizza--with undisguised hunger .	He put the phone down and ignored the pizza .	2
Time ' s Richard Corliss says , It 's like a vivid old New Yorker cartoon , animated by Tex Avery .	Richard Corliss compares it to old New Yorker cartoons .	0
His plan was a simple a symmetrical design with straight streets and grand squares .	His plan was to make a simple design of straight streets and large squares .	0
When his family fell on hard times , Degas blamed it on the Jews .	Degas was a racist idiot .	1
When the police invaded its precincts ' which for centuries had guaranteed student immunity ' the rebellion erupted into the streets .	The rebellion spilled into the streets .	0
Danvers sailed for England on the Lusitania .	Danvers was a passenger on the Lusitania and was bound for England .	0
Meaning no disrespect , sir , " said Severn .	Severn spoke to the man .	0
In autumn and winter , bird-watchers search cliffs , particularly Calpe 's Peeen , for the rare Audouin 's look out for a small , sleek herring gull with dark olive legs and a heavyish red bill banded in black .	Bird-watchers visit Calpe 's Peeen to search the cliffs for the rare Audouin 's .	0
Is Lee Harvey Oswald in his grave or in Russia ?	Where is Lee Harvey Oswald ?	0
On a wave of Hugo chic--the publication of a new biography and Hollywood versions of The Hunchback of Notre Dame and Les Miserables --an exhibit reveals the 19 th century French novelist to have been a great draftsman as well .	The exhibit shows a novelist that was terrible at drawing as well .	2
The Sanja Matsuri , held here every year on the third weekend in May , is the biggest , most exuberant festival in Tokyo .	It is not located in Tokyo	2
Number 8 belongs to Ireland 's Royal Institute of Architects .	Number 8 is owned by Ireland 's Royal Institute of Geologists .	2
Drew jerked his carbine from its saddle boot , saw Anse beat him to that action by a scant second or two .	Drew and Anse stared each other down across the plaza .	1
Seems like th ' kid got an idear to scout north , struck trace near th ' Long Canyon , rode th ' sign on his own an ' was bushwacked .	The kid scouted south , and then got bushwacked .	2
A small , dark room filled with the screams of innocent Cambodians .	The poor Cambodians were tortured in a small and dark room .	1
Look at my father going round and round it .	Look at my mom get undressed .	2
A note from Tommy lay on his table : " DEAR HERSHEIMMER , " Sorry I lost my temper .	The note was the last contact that we have seen from Tommy .	1
This examines the installation of the control device hook-up on a sequential basis .	The installation test also requires a frequency meter	1
MULTI-USE HERITAGE ASSETS	Some heritage assets are multi-use for small businesses .	1
'Um . Hello . ' I said vaguely .	I didn 't say anything when I saw him .	2
Let us see if something can 't be managed .	Let us see if something is manageable .	0
Thus , on close scrutiny , the Zapruder film 's ultimate revelation is that Abraham Zapruder was himself a conspirator .	In the Zapruder film is revealed that he was a conspirator .	0
Dave felt his stomach twist , until he saw they were heading toward a huge bird that was cruising along under them , drawing closer .	Dave spread his wings , feeling relaxed and happy .	2
I had the misfortune of watching one of the Barnes-Perdue debates on C-SPAN .	I was very lucky to watch one of the Barnes-Perdue debates on C-SPAN .	2
THERE IS A LOT OF ANGER AND SADNESS IN THE CAVES .	The caves were angry and sad .	0
There are many cafe and restaurants , and you can shop on the various levels for antiques , crafts , and clothes .	Most of the cafes and shops have good prices .	1
Its economy depends far less on tourist earnings and much more on agricultural production ( re-established since the problems of the 1920s ) ; therefore , traditional lifestyles are much more common here .	The economy gets most of its growth from the agricultural production than from tourism .	0
However , without proper safeguards , this widespread interconnectivity poses enormous risks to our computer systems and , more importantly , to the critical operations and infrastructures they support .	Proper safeguards are not needed for the already-safe widespread interconnectivity .	2
Mary Frances McKinney saw her lawyer at Tuscaloosa 's Legal Services office Friday .	The lawyer who advise Mary Frances McKinney , was seen in Tuscaloosa .	0
now i don 't i hardly ever watch TV if i ever get the hankering to see something i 've got i don 't know maybe about thirty or forty movies and i just	I don 't usually watch TV .	0
He 's booked rooms for us , and will be round to dine at eight . "	The rooms have been booked and we will be able to eat at eight .	0
It used to be the headquarters of Jean-Paul Sartre and his existentialist acolytes wearing , winter or summer , black corduroys and long woolen scarves .	It was the headquarters of Sartre and his followers .	0
So long as there 's competitive pressure in the press , sources will use the outlet that affords them the greatest protection .	One press source is being prosecuted for leaking delicate information .	1
okay what 's the weather been like and what 's happening back in the US because by then i 'd been out of the country for three weeks already and i was i was you know wondering what 's been happening lately but	I was traveling in Italy for three weeks .	1
The final rule contains standardized test procedures and performance standards to ensure that detergent gasolines provide an effective level of protection against certain engine deposits .	They were not able to come to a final decision for the performance standards .	2
Northwest of the VT is the bustling Crawford Market ( known in post-Independence as Mahatma Jyotiba Phule ) .	The Crawford Market is Southeast of VT .	2
science medical science has prolonged life but they have they haven 't really prolonged the quality of it that that 's i think that 's really the problem they can bring you back bring bring you out of death but they can 't	Medical science hasn 't been able to improve the quality of life as much as they have prolonged it .	0
yeah i i think they should have just done more uh and maybe if the world could have given them some type of aid it 's it 's just so complicated	They did not get any aid .	1
This northwest corner of Israel has been relatively unexplored by tourists , yet it holds some of the country 's finest sights , including the third-largest city , modern Haifa , and the Crusader town of Akko , better known as Acre .	Most tourists visit Israel 's northwest corner , although there are better sights elsewhere .	2
The brinquinho is Madeira 's answer to the tambourine , in which miniature cymbals are clanged together by costumed dolls dancing round a maypole .	A brinquinho is a much more elaborate instrument than a tambourine , and is also much more expensive .	1
EPA promulgated its list of substances on January 31 , 1994 ( 59 Fed .	EPA also looked at the correlation between rain and money made .	1
yeah um-hum yeah you can pick it up and take it wherever you go	You can carry it with you throughout the day .	0
uh-huh i guess it also depends on how many how many times you 're going to use it	It depends also on how many times you 'll use it , it 's worth it if you 're using it more times .	1
Walking from the fishing harbor north toward the commercial port will take you past the small Folklore Museum , with exhibits of traditional Greek household items .	You will go past the museum as you head to the harbor .	0
The most important event of the theater season is the Dublin Theater Festival in October .	The Dublin Theater Festival takes place during the summertime .	2
Bush 's portrayal of substantive interrogation as nasty nit-picking has completely suckered the media .	Bush created a positive portrayal of substantive interrogation and the media believed in it .	2
Something had to be done to their numbers .	The enemies were weak , losing men and women left and right .	2
But , as long as you don 't sing out for help , you 're all right and I don 't think you will .	You will be all right as long as you don 't cry for help	0
well let me preface it i 'm a i was a staff officer in Vietnam in sixty nine and seventy	I did not serve in any capacity in the military .	2
After two hours , the Futurobot breathed a sigh of relief and said tenderly :	Futurobot sighed of relaxation after a couple of hours .	0
Today 's growing industrial town , a centre of wood , plastics , and toy making , takes its name from a Roman temple to Diana , the remains of which are on view in the Ayuntamiento .	The name of the town is a reference to a Roman temple for Diana .	0
The full extent of unpaid wage damages , failure to pay end-of-season bonuses , wrongful discharge , retaliation , and disputes over periods of employment often may not be determined until the work is finished .	Many people are missing wages .	0
yeah that 's in in small communities that 's a difficult choice but then the small communities are the ones with fewer problems	Small communities have more problems .	2
The likes of Nat King Cole performed here in pre-revolutionary times .	Nat King Cole performed there during the revolution .	2
Agencies also have a responsibility to monitor and maintain accurate records on the status of recommendations .	Agencies must also clean the floor .	1
The digital box may well be the harbinger of a truly wired future , once the struggle over which technologies will be included in it is resolved and the cable companies figure out how to get subscribers to pay for it .	The cable companies want to get more money from their subscribers .	0
Hong Kong 's shops carry almost every recognizable European and many American labels , from top-end designers to the moderately priced or trendy .	It is common to see a wide variety of Western brands in Hong Kong 's shops .	0
The old crone , Sakes was her name , sat behind a table of old oak .	Sakes sat down behind an old yew table .	2
Finally , the simplistic view of politics that animates the IRA fits neatly with the conventional narrative structures that Hollywood adores .	Anger towards the IRA makes it a popular subject for many Hollywood films .	1
It therefore should be recognized as nonexchange revenue by the Harbor Maintenance trust fund .	It shouldn 't be recognized as nonexchange revenue	2
'They don 't want you at all , except in pieces , ' he said .	He told me they only wanted to keep me safe .	2
For example , delivery of the aft fuselage-the rear aircraft body section-was late for several of the test aircraft and two ground test articles because of late parts and difficulties with the welding process .	The delivery of the aft fuselage went as planned and was ahead of schedule .	2
After his crucifixion , the rather precarious balance of Jewish government under Roman rule turned to revolt in a.d. 66 , when the Zealots took Jerusalem .	The Zealots crucified him and Jerusalem turned to revolt under Roman rule .	2
In an effort to foster more consistent levels of statewide service and to eliminate service gaps that leave clients in geographically remote areas underrepresented compared to their urban counterparts , LSC has asked each of its grantees to undergo a fundamental paradigm shift in their program vision .	Rural clients do not receive the services they need .	1
it was part of that was a little hard to understand	It was kind of confusing .	0
Rita ? " Tuppence shook her head .	The question provoked Rita to shake her head	0
Only one of the craters , Nakadake , is still really active .	Nakadake is the only crater that is inactive .	2
It is strange that so many of those most offended by globalization call themselves progressives .	Progressives love globalization .	2
Defense Employing Best Practices Can Shape Better Weapon System Decisions .	Best practices for weapons systems ensure that all branches have similar standards .	1
The silt of the River Maeander has also stranded the once-mighty city of Miletus .	Miletus is as powerful as ever , and boats frequently arrive and depart there on the River Maeander .	2
In my testimony today , I will discuss the many national and international concerns that confront our nation and the Congress , the ways in which GAO can support the Congress now and in the future , and GAO 's performance in accomplishing its mission .	There are many concerns , both national and international , that are confronting Congress .	0
The 1995 Program Letters16 containing this directive	This directive is contained in the 1950 Program Letters16	2
One must consider the usual factors cost , location , and budget as well as how integral you want your hotel to be to your visit .	The usual factors are cost and location .	0
a mild abrasive pad like a Scotchbrite pad or something like that and water and soap and water so we got pretty lucky on that	We were surprised that water , soap and a mild abrasive pad fixed everything .	1
Do you think , said Mrs. Vandemeyer scornfully , " that I am the kind of woman to sell my friends ? "	She asked a question to him and waited for the answer .	1
yeah well our our limit is you know fairly low	It shouldn 't be an issue because I have a high tolerance .	2
oh that 's wonderful yeah especially with children and so many things going on that would be great	With all the things going one and with the children , it would be great .	0
My wife and I recently had our second child , a boy .	We had our fourth baby , a girl .	2
Expenses included in calculating net cost for research and development programs that are intended to increase or maintain national economic productive capacity or yield other future benefits shall be reported as investments in research and development in required supplementary stewardship information accompanying the financial statements of the Federal Government and its component units .	Expenses including in calculating net cost for research and development shall be reported .	0
Caribbean and international cuisine set amid tropical folia ge and Jamaican architecture .	The Caribbean cuisine was discontinued .	2
It overlooks the prow of a patrol boat that D 'Annunzio commanded during WWI , the Puglia , hauled up the hillside as the crowning piece of his relics .	D 'Annunzio enjoyed collecting memorabilia from the war .	1
Ihad a hard time recognizing the encyclopedia project from Slate ' s account .	Ihad approved of the encyclopedia project .	1
For visitors the peace dividend is currently considerable , allowing access to the number of great sights that lie in the Sinai and Jordan , including the fabulous city of Petra .	Visitors have access to the city of Petra .	0
Yes , sir . It was a whisper so low as hardly to be heard .	It was very hard to hear because it was so quiet .	0
A guarded description of Annette also failed to provoke recognition .	The description was more than enough to provoke recognition of Annette .	2
Chinoike Jigoku ( Blood Pool Hell ) is a steaming pond turned blood-red by its iron oxide .	Chinoike Jigoku is a pond which is red because of iron sulfide .	2
Half the city 's chasing him .	Fifty percent of the city is chasing after him .	0
all right can 't remember that	I remember that .	2
For a thousand kilometres , the oil rigs stretched .	The oil rigs stretched out for a long distance .	0
The gardens , laid out by Ruskin himself , cover nearly one square kilometer ( 250 acres ) .	The gardens , which was laid out by Ruskin , was a measly 10 meter long space .	2
Sham En Nessim ' the National Spring Festival , held the first Monday after Coptic Easter , when the whole population comes out to celebrate .	Sham En Nessim is held the first Monday after Coptic Easter , it is the National Spring Festival , when the whole population comes out to celebrate .	0
His apologies were as thorough as his methods , and seldom failed in disarming the indignation of his victims ; but , as day succeeded day , they were no nearer to discovering Tuppence 's whereabouts .	He gave thorough apologies to go along with his tactics .	0
The editors Slate is here for the duration .	The slate is going away soon	2
At the very pinnacle of the upper ward is Crown Square , a beautiful collection of buildings housing the treasures of Scotland .	Crown Square is just a garden .	2
The hub of city life is the vast Piazza Br ? , with the town hall on its south side and the great Roman A rena dating back to a.d. 100 .	The Roman arena was the site of gladiatorial battles .	1
The construction phase is considered complete when the owner accepts occupancy of the facility , although final completion of construction may continue for months ( or even years ) until all discrepancies have been identified , resolved , and mutually agreed upon .	The construction phase is not considered complete when the owner accepts occupancy of the facility .	2
He 's got nothing to lose !	He can lose nothing .	0
You should have told me .	Someone told him something .	2
Whoever engineered these monstrosities had no head for historical accuracy .	That person was not historically accurate .	0
yeah i guess the more you plant the less you have to mow	The more you plant , the more you have to mow .	2
Since World War II , the Congress has clarified and expanded that original proposal .	It has not been passed for many decades , requiring many revisions .	1
but i always enjoyed watching them i just growing up in Oklahoma there it was always the home team kind of like Dallas is around here	I enjoyed watching the home team because it was kind of like Dallas .	0
um you know i enjoy being here i don 't know if i 'd ever you know i might go back there eventually one day it 's a depressed area uh right now you know	I might go back there because I like that area .	1
After the defeat of the French , it took a grateful back seat in Indian affairs , far away from the turmoils of northern India .	The Indians never escaped French interference .	2
Brewery Arts Centre , the home of community art in Kendal , offers classes , exhibitions , and performances , along with restaurants and coffee shops .	The home of cumminity art in Kendai , Brewery Arts Centre , offers performances , classes , and exhibitions , along with coffee shops and restaurants .	0
The patient slept sweetly , and no one could have suspected that it wasn 't a normal sleep full of wet dreams , but a dangerous coma , which would last longer than expected .	The patient slept unsuspiciously .	0
( The bad news in this case would apparently be for Collins ' new mother-in-law , who had to make do with a standard $ 280 room . )	Collin 's new mother in law enjoys a standard room .	1
The annexation of Danzig ( Gdansk ) marked the official start of World War II .	There was no consequence of the annexation of Danzig .	2
At the nearby Musee Rolin there is a fine collection of Bur ? ­ gun ? ­ dian and Flemish painting and sculpture .	The Musee Rolin houses an excellent collection of Flemish and Burgundian artwork .	0
The city sits on a wide bay with the colonial sandstone apartments on the waterside making a wonderful panorama as the sun begins to drop in the afternoons .	Whale watching is a popular activity among the locals	1
Boudhanath , 6 km ( 4 miles ) northeast of the city center , is the valley 's second important stupa and is similar in many ways to Swayambhunath .	Boudhanath , 6 km ( 4 miles ) northeast of the city center , is the valley 's second important stupa and is similar in many ways to Swayambhunath in that they are both underrated .	1
Sales of foreclosed associated with post-1991 direct loans and loan guarantees .	The post-1991 loans seemed to be very profitable at the time .	1
He led Dave through the big tent , taking pride in the large drafting section--under the obvious belief that it was used for designing spells .	Dave was prideful when being led through the tent .	0
But don 't worry .	But don 't fear that they will attack us .	1
as far as that goes	As short as it could be .	2
All are varied and challenging enough for the best players .	It 's too easy for experienced people .	2
Those whose fate was to die on some far foreign field could not have wanted a more peaceful , lovely graveyard .	The graveyard was only used to bury kings and queens .	2
No , it wasn 't , I admitted reluctantly .	I was reluctant to admit that it was not .	0
According to local belief , Catholic burghers subsidized this Butter Tower in return for the privilege of eating Normandy butter during Lent .	Catholic burghers subsidized this Butter Tower .	0
'We shouldn 't be targeting the North , ' Natalia told Greuze .	Natalia found it unwise for us to target the North , with their power being much stronger than ours and us not being prepared for such a conflict , and she needed to tell Greuze as soon as possible .	1
so all i have on my desk is my PC but i 'm i 'm getting not only our local area network but i 'm getting two separate mainframe machines also	I 'm getting a good wireless signal on my PC .	1
security specialists	They are security specialists .	0
Sam Donaldson ( This Week ) thinks it odd that , at the same press conference , Clinton refused even to affirm that the president is above the law .	This Week 's Sam Donaldson has no qualms with with Clinton 's statements at the press conference .	2
Kamakura history was not shaped by the Minamoto clan alone .	The Minamoto clan was not solely responsible for the shaping of Kamakura 's history .	0
i 'm surprised you didn 't just pack up and go home i tell	You should have just packed up and went home after the rain .	1
The cable network 's animated show about third graders obsessed with violence and bodily emissions has replaced Beavis and Butt-head as America 's premiere gross national product ( Ken Tucker , Entertainment Weekly ) . Critics attribute the show 's cult following to the timeless power of bathroom humor and to its dark and clever plots , such as a thwarted assassination attempt on Kathie Lee Gifford .	Americans enjoy rude , sometimes even gross , humor .	1
PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT - A means of evaluating efficiency , effectiveness , and results .	The most often instance of a performance measurement being used is the case of manager and employee .	1
uh a little of a review usually won 't make me go see a movie i hadn 't already wanted to see	If I wanted to see the movie a review will have no affect .	0
You 're making a sad mistake but yours will be the loss .	That is the best decision you can make , and it 's risk free .	2
Social Security is financed mainly on a pay-as-you-go basis , which means that payroll taxes of current workers are used to pay retirement , disability , and survivor benefits for current beneficiaries .	You only get social security equal to the amount you paid into it .	2
I never heard of her ! "	She 's an incredibly famous model apparently .	1
And now , said the young lady on the morning after their installation , " to work ! " Mr. Beresford put down the Daily Mail , which he was reading , and applauded with somewhat unnecessary vigour .	Mr. Beresford dropped the newspaper and clapped vigorously .	0
and i planted them and i was so i was so thrilled because they came up i mean nice green shoots coming up all over the place and then my cats got into it and started digging and that took care of that	After I planted them , I became ecstatic when they bloomed .	0
As noted in Chapter Two , 500 MWe plant firing 4.0 percent sulfur coal and equipped with LSFO FGD technology will use about 32 tons per hour of limestone , or about 240,000 tons / yr ( about 0.064 tons / MWh ) , and limestone consumption for MEL technology would be less .	The limestone consumption is desired to decrease over the coming years .	1
Blacks are 12 percent of the population .	African Americans are a minority group .	0
yeah i 'd i 'd love to have have some animals	Animals are cute and fun .	1
Israeli museums are usually modern , lively places .	Most Israeli museums have a reputation for being dull and dated .	2
The cigar smoke , he says , is making my eyes water .	The smoke from the cigar is making me have teary eyes , he says .	0
What do you mean ?	That one word is too vague , so tell me exactly what are you trying to express ?	1
Many aliens who became lawful permanent residents as Special Agricultural Workers ( SAW ) do not have the resources to bring their entire families to the United States , so these aliens also continue to come to the U.S. as single workers and return to Mexico during periods of unemployment .	A lot of aliens who are permanent residents as SAW have raised a lot of money to bring their families to the United states .	2
This tiny desert island offers the opportunity to sunbathe on sandy shores or snorkel in clear water and feel a million miles away from Kingston .	The island can feel as if it were far from Kingston .	0
We know increasing returns can 't exist .	We know you can 't get returns to increase .	0
For instance , IOLTA grants money to several Court Appointed Special Advocate Programs ( CASA ) for children in Essex , Morris-Sussex , Mercer and Atlantic-Cape May .	CASA ggets money from IOLTA .	0
um-hum yeah the first project project i started out one was a big one it was uh it was of a lady and she was kneeling and it was about fifteen by twenty maybe	It was a big undertaking and took me forever to complete the project .	1
could you hold on for just a moment okay	please hold on for just a second okay	0
how does she get to work	She doesn 't work . She 's rich .	2
The enormous human capital and other transformation challenges that need to be addressed to transform the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) and create a successful Department of Homeland Security are instructive of the critical and difficult task ahead .	The FBI and DHS need improvements to do better jobs .	1
well yes uh yes and no i mean um yes in the winter time yes it 's it gets kind of chilly or it can get chilly but uh there 's really no time of the year that you can 't go	It 's a bit chilly in the winter time but you can still go .	0
yeah oh boy yeah you wouldn 't even dare put these signs in the window little emblems in the window saying child in this room in case of fire you know have you seen those	It 's a good idea to put a sticker on your child 's window in case of a fire .	2
Only two existing studies provide defensible monetary estimates of the value of visibility	Two studies give an accurate estimate regarding the value of visibility .	0
It has nice tasting rooms ( you can even taste vintage wines as old as 1920 ) , a shop selling the three brands grouped under the Madeira Wine Company moniker ( Blandy , Cossart Gordon , and Leacock ) , and a book and souvenir shop .	It has tasting rooms for the Madeira wines that can hold 50 people .	1
As for Liggett 's motive , industry and financial analysts speculated that Liggett 's CEO hoped to make the marginally profitable company a more attractive merger partner by eliminating its exposure to possibly huge jury awards .	Liggett took a rain check on the merger because its profits were up and exposure to jury awards was non-existent .	2
If you don 't want to be fleeced , don 't plunge in blindly .	If you dive in without a second thought , you will get fleeced .	0
Junger is grimly precise about the mechanics of drowning , says Time ' s John Skow .	Junger gives real examples of drowning victims ' experiences .	1
Until the Tokugawa shoguns completed their conquest of all Japan from the 17th century on , the towns of Tohoku constituted the northern boundaries of the Japanese empire .	Tokugawa never conquered all of Japan .	2
'Good .	The food was good .	1
However , until that happens , other systems will have to pick up what falls through the cracks .	Other systems will need to pick up the stray bits until that happens .	0
The district on the opposite bank of the river was once a fortified enclave , inhabited mainly by market gardeners who used to sell their wares from barges on the river .	The enclave was fortified by catapults and a wide moat ,	1
Outside the valley , Nepal slumbered on , for all intents and purposes still in the Middle Ages .	In areas outside of the valley , Nepal did not see growth .	0
Exhibits cover fishing , seaborne trade , sea transport , and there is an aquarium .	Exhibits include murder by hanging for rowdy tourists .	2
The tourist office in Delhi can provide information and permits for fishing in the Yamuna river and , similarly , the tourist office in Bangalore can be consulted if you wish to fish in the Cauvery river .	There is fish office in Bangalore .	2
For tests performed to meet NPDES objectives , synthetic , moderately hard water should be used .	Synthetic , moderately hard water should be used for NPDES testing .	0
The statute is an attempt to draw lines around the LSC program to exclude from litigation those arguments and theories Congress finds unacceptable but which by their nature are within the province of the courts to consider .	The statue is very important to the LSC .	0
a convenience yeah and the idea that you know if he got in trouble there 's some some ways of getting out and that he doesn 't have to carry cash the uh i i like the idea of credit cards that uh i don 't i don 't i don 't carry cash around and and uh i don 't even carry checks around i let my wife take the checkbook and she writes the checks and i record them so it 's uh it 's uh it 's but it 's interesting that uh the people that can that can uh the amounts of money you can run up with	It 's an inconvenience .	2
A conservative critic tells Republicans to read--no , steal-- the Clinton manual on how to update and revive your losing party .	Clinton wrote the manual to revive your losing party .	2
As the book discusses the fate of the black college , or the Harlem Renaissance , or the participation of African-American intellectuals in government during World War II , it draws a sharp picture of the fate of blacks with brains , forced , whatever their real interests , to deal with the question of race .	The book discusses the events that have transpired in black history between the civil war era and current-day affairs .	1
in a year	In half a decade .	2
In the apartments , in addition to fine 16th-century Flemish tapestries and French , Italian , and Spanish furniture , you 'll see Diane 's neatly kept household accounts .	Daine ordered all the furniture in the apartment to be custom built .	1
You can rent kayaking or windsurfing equipment and take lessons at Long Beach , Malibu , and Marina del Rey .	Long Beach has the most expensive rental prices .	1
Does the study state clearly whether identification ofthese factors was based on insight and recognition or on quantitative techniques ?	Factors were clearly based on observation of martians while eating cheese .	2
well i think it ultimately i could see why you wouldn 't register necessarily when you 're eighteen or nineteen because you don 't get around to it but i i think that people should register you know after a year or so i don 't it 's not really that hard uh i haven 't thought that people don 't vote because they 're not registered i really think uh of course that apathy too you don 't bother to register	I can see why you wouldn 't register when you 're a teen , since you 're so out of touch at that age .	1
The ' 1' was written in before the ' 7' to turn it into the ' 17th ' . "	The one was written before the seven .	0
The TEAJF grants will allow 39 Texas organizations , five of which are located in Dallas County and two of which are located in Tarrant County , to continue or increase their services to ensure that all Texans are afforded access to justice .	The grants help the organizations to continue to provide access to legal aid to those in need .	0
that 's right that 's that 's right you 're paying you 're paying a higher interest rate so they can rebate you two percent of it	You are paying nearly twice the rate that other people pay .	1
You could say you were in an auto accident , and the ambulance driver took you straight to Dr. Famous ' office .	Ambulance drivers knew Dr Famous was great for treating famous people .	1
The places to be are Habana Cafe ( the disco in Havana 's Hotel Melia Cohiba ) and the disco in Santiago 's eponymous hotel .	Places like the Habana Cafe should be avoided at all costs .	2
And someday he 'll try to push the wrong man " Don Cazar was staring ahead of him now at Drew and Shiloh .	Don Cazar was looking at Drew and Shiloh .	0
See for yourself . ' 	Look for yourself .	0
yeah yeah oh i can remember uh walking around you know taking a lunch break uh you know when the air 's real brisk and the the colors on the trees are just so vivid um oh it was just that that 's something i miss i i keep i 'm i get homesick thinking about it you know	The colors on the trees were so vivid and the air was brisk outside the place of my old job where I enjoyed taking walks .	0
France 's Na ? ­ tion ? ­ al Archives are kept here in an 18th-century mansion , the H ? ? tel de Soubise , fronted by a vast horseshoe-shaped courtyard .	No one knows where France 's National Archive lies	2
oh yeah case in point Toronto	You 're right , unlike Toronto .	2
and they 're they 're incredible victims of crime and part of it is this lack of lack of basic information being dissimilated and i 'm not saying it 's easy to do and i know there are a few people who are trying but but the funding isn 't there for very much work to be going on	They have had crimes committed against them .	0
and and because television 's brought everything into your living room	TV makes it possible to experience a lot from the comfort of home .	0
Outside these were the Untouchables , those of aboriginal descent .	The Untouchables were the immigrants .	2
She 's calling someone else 's name .	He is calling my name .	2
so how many years you been up there	You must have lived there a long time .	1
to them and he he spends about an hour doing that and that 's that 's pretty good quality time with them and um but it 's hard for him on Saturdays he he wants	He spends three hours doing that with them on Saturdays .	2
or mothers to children you know because they 're able to spend some time	Mothers to kids due to the fact they have the capability to invest time into the kids without extra pressures added to them .	1
It would clear the air .	It lacked the capacity to clear the air .	2
i can 't i i again i can 't make any predictions about them but i suspect they 'll go uh they 'll go far	They will not succeed this year .	2
Titus had a hard time combating the Cretans ' pagan beliefs , and was martyred for his overzealous efforts .	Titus was martyred when he tried to combat the local pagan beliefs .	0
He said the Association recognizes that many foreign service officers frequently travel long distances and would therefore receive considerable benefits from such legislation .	The legislation ignored the amount of officers that frequently travel .	2
'Because there is no Wednesday on the Japanese calendar , ' said Encyclopedia Brown , as Taylor sputtered with rage .	There are different calendars in the countries around the world .	0
Eleven European countries adopted a common currency , the euro .	The Euro has been adopted in some European countries as a common currency .	0
no no i agree i think i believe in test for cause if if somebody 's performance and i guess that there 's the other argument is that well do you wait until they screw up you know and someone gets hurt	I do not agree that testing is necessary or a good idea .	2
According to spokesman Dan Schnur , 192 people clicked McCain 's Virginia banner ads , some 2 percent of those who viewed the banners .	Dan Schnur is a spokesman working with McCain .	0
I have also heard from environmentalists who are interested in these same issues .	I 've heard environmentalists say they 're interested in the same issues	0
yeah what 's funny is the idea that uh you know what i consider you know like a three-quarter backswing or even a half backswing uh my friend says that 's you know that 's a full backswing and you don 't want to go any further than that so i mean it 's a now it 's a matter of trying to convince myself that that 's right	I 'm trying to convince myself that I need to go further on my backswing .	2
Dave had noticed that the last winter in Chicago had definitely shown that Uncle David 's predictions were coming true .	Dave noticed that Uncle David 's prediction about the winter in Chicago were coming true after he looked out the window .	1
Now that we know the prices , the quantities , and the costs , the total revenue is easily calculable as $ 31 .	The total revenue is $ 31	0
I can do nothing without Mr. Brown .	I can 't do anything without Mr. Brown .	0
So , who 's hungry ?	So , is anyone hungry ?	0
By performing risk assessments on a recurring basis , organizations also obtain information on the status of their efforts to reduce improper payments and on areas needing further attention .	Risk assessments has to be performed on a recurring basis .	0
Possibly , if anything unforeseen had happened , she might get news of Tommy .	She had asked Tommy to let her know if anything fishy happened .	1
Here the two-hour VIP tour changes every weekday , depending on shooting schedules , as small groups of 12 guests over eight years of age walk through the back lot past familiar TV and movie sets and tour production facilities .	The VIP tour is 2 hours long .	0
But they are architecting this network very differently from how the original Internet was architected .	Their designs for this network differ from the original designs of the internet .	0
Since 1679 it has been owned by the Hasell family , who built the Georgian extension , and who over the generations have carefully managed the treasures that fill the house .	The Hasell family bought the house for £ 5 .	1
If you mean that I was fond of her , yes , I was .	I can 't say I 've ever been fond of her .	2
He 's a freakish Peter Pan--the juvenile delinquent who wouldn 't grow up .	Peter Pan is known as a juvenile delinquent who wouldn 't grow up .	0
yeah that 's i i had a pickup truck in fact i had i had two the last one i gave to my uh uh youngest	I loved my first pickup truck ; it was my first car .	1
yeah now the other side of the question is about are we getting what we 're paying for um for the most part i think we are but there is a lot of inefficiency uh both on the federal level and on the state level and uh hopefully we 'll you know as we start to go into computerization and all the processes maybe we 'll be able to streamline it	I don 't think we are getting the value for what we pay for .	2
oh golly yeah because i i can 't remember where i 've seen clips of that but they were showing highlights of it and stuff and i was thinking who 'd think this is really up my alley for half an hour you know if i 'm going to spend my time but it was	I saw some clips .	0
Two minutes or so .	Not very long	0
The only circumstance under which a unit will be withdrawn from the opt-in provisions is where the unit qualifies as an affected EGU independently of the opt-in provisions .	A unit can never be withdrawn from the opt-in provisions .	2
The category of permanent residents includes commuter aliens , who work in the United States but whose actual residence is across the border in Mexico .	A person who lives in Mexico while working in the United States cannot be considered a permanent resident .	2
To ensure that the dialogue would include the variety of issues and individuals in the legal services community , NLADA and LSC selected participants to reflect both the leadership and emerging leadership of the field .	NLADA wasn 't involved in the participant selection process .	2
They 're safe .	They are safe .	0
We 're bringing these services directly to the people who need it , he said	He said that the people who need them would get the services directly .	0
To appraise senior executive contributions to organizational results , BLM , FHWA , IRS , and VBA identified core competencies and supporting behaviors for senior executives to follow , while VBA also identified targets for senior executives to meet that are directly linked to organizational results , as shown in table 1 .	VBA identified targets for employees to meet	1
The golf courses here tend to be much more hilly than most in North America or Australia .	All golf courses are flat .	2
right that that walkabout 's a good program it really is you know when they first started it i i got all the information of course	The walkabout was actually the natives attempt to teach others about their culture .	1
Some new detail about Bush 's education policy , by contrast , might or might not make the paper .	Bush 's new policy is a joke to many .	1
Most were located two levels below the Chief Information Officer ( CIO ) .	All of them were located above the CIO .	2
The result is a complex stalemate .	There is a stalemate between the two parties .	1
The area 's spacious boulevards , grand plazas , and fountains are interspersed with densely populated 18th-century apartment buildings .	The landscape of the area is intermingled with apartment buildings as well as public offices .	1
Jon approached the big man .	Jon was hesitant , but thought he should approach the man while he was singing .	1
that 's about that as far as any other everyday occurrences i put a stop to some of them as far as the door-to-door either religious groups or people	I put a stop to those door to door religious groups .	0
Fatehpur is the subject of many colorful stories in which it isn 't possible to establish a historian 's truth .	There are a number of rumors on Fatehpur 's past .	1
thank you ma 'am	I appreciate the compliment .	1
Gawai ( Sarawak Rice Harvest Festival ) : Enlivened by rice wine , the Iban stage cockfighting and blowpipe contests .	Rice wine is a favorite drink of people in the region .	1
Others are embracing this philosophy of complete categorical breakdown .	Some are embracing the controversial philosophy of breaking the categories within science .	1
the men often have to wear shirt and tie no matter right right right what time of what time of the year that 's right	the men have to wear shirts and ties , no matter what time of year it is	0
A few weeks later , you saunter over and say , Nice little corpnet you 've got here--too bad it 's getting all clogged up .	There is no corpnet in development and as such , it will not arrive ever .	2
Could be that they knew you ride for Hunt and that made you just the game they wanted . "	They might have known that you ride for Hunt .	0
Falwell , I had just finished reading a novelistic treatment of these events , Assassins , which is subtitled Jerusalem , Antichrist . Assassins is the sixth book in the Left Behind series , left behind referring to those unfortunate nonevangelical Christians who are not taken up to heaven in the Rapture--the opening act in God 's end days plan--and are forced to contend with the Antichrist 's evil reign on Earth .	The novel is one in a set of Christian themed books .	0
no really bad yeah funny weather but bad because that means it either means one or two things it 's going to be a bad summer or a not too good summer and a worse winter next year	The weather has been weird , with too much rain .	1
um-hum do you enjoy working out in the yard	Do you like working out outside ?	0
Since the train was mostly empty , White and I helped ourselves to one such cabin .	Only 5 people were on the train .	1
In the nation 's capital , the sound you hear is of paper being shuffled .	The red tape in the nation 's capital is to blame for most policy stalls .	1
Though it requires a 30-minute drive from Tropicana via I-15 ( or the free shuttle from New York-New York ; Tel . 1-888-424-6898 ) , the Fashion Outlet 's selection of top names ( Guess , Kenneth Cole , Tommy Hilfiger ) and specialty stores ( such as Williams Sonoma ) make it worth the effort .	The Fashion Outlet is located about 30 minutes away from Tropicana .	0
That object , it concerns Mr. Alfred Inglethorp . " 93 Inglethorp was sitting a little by himself ” I think , unconsciously , every one had drawn his chair slightly away from him ” and he gave a faint start as Poirot pronounced his name .	Everyone was in fear subconsciously at the implications of the findings .	1
The personal development tradition greatly values the presumed authority of experience , and codependency experts--leaders such as John Bradshaw--routinely confessed their own struggles with various addictions in order to bolster their credibility .	No one ever survives addictions .	2
These expectations , for purposes of brevity , can be summarized as a delivery system in which eligible clients in every state are afforded an equal opportunity to avail themselves and ultimately to attain high-quality civil legal assistance .	It is a delivery system where clients can get high-quality legal assistance .	0
The other main churches are all within a short walking distance .	The main churches are really far , you will need a cab .	2
The other half is where the gamblers come from , how they arrive here , and how they are served once they arrive .	The other half is for gamblers .	0
An even more exotic spectacle is camel wrestling ( deve gerei ) , which can be seen in January at Selcuk , near Kuradas .	Selcuk does not allow camel wrestling .	2
Suleiman the Magnificent rebuilt the walls and gates in the form they retain to this day .	Suleiman built the walls that are still there .	0
Now I have finished with this room .	I haven 't finished this room yet .	2
and i just i got about like a hundred pages through it and realized i had like a thousand more i thought i can 't do this	I finished reading the first hundred pages .	0
But one would be wrong .	One is wrong .	0
Doctorow 's Ragtime , is set in 1910 .	Doctorow 's Ragtime takes place in 1910 .	0
Acute Bronchitis $ 57 per case3 Average of low and high values recommended for use in Section 812 analysis ( Neumann , et al .	Acute Bronchitis is $ 57 per case .	0
In addition , the combination of emission reductions and timing is not feasible and could threaten the reliability of electricity supply .	The combination of reducing emissions and the timing might decrease the electricity supply by 25 %	1
Goya 's most celebrated royal portrait , The Family of Carlos IV , is daringly frank and unflattering ; only the royal children look remotely attractive .	Goya 's most celebrated royal portrait , The Family of Carlos IV , was done in protest .	1
The analysis concluded that the rule as proposed in 1993 would have had severe adverse effects on small businesses .	The rule was proposed in 1998 and improved businesses as a whole .	2
My 4-year-old-son suggested that we just get Dad a motel room for the holidays and let him deal with room service .	My son wanted to deal with room services .	0
According to the Department , this rule affects the determination of eligibility and benefit levels ; it does not affect the current information collection requirements for making such determinations .	The rule affects the determination of eligibility for small business owners in urban areas .	1
The main courtyard allows access to the adjoining church of St-Louis-des-Invalides , decorated with flags taken by French armies in battle .	The St-Louis-des-Invalides is decorated with flags taken by the French during battle .	1
it and it goes toward different things it 's for you know for vacations like i said for you know emergencies like for car uh breaks down something like that uh and we also put money aside for our kids college	We could use it for vacations , emergencies , car break downs , those kinds of things .	0
I hope Fred Goldman finds it .	I hope Goldman finds the extra votes .	1
uh-huh yeah right right definitely when it 's cool well have you done much camping around Texas	What was your favorite camping trip in Texas ?	1
1 This chapter identifies the AICPA generally accepted reporting standards and prescribes for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS additional reporting standards on	The first part of this chapter looks at AICPA 's citation standards for reports .	1
A year ago , when News Quiz debuted , Slate was free .	Slate costs 4.99 USD monthly now , with an option for a 30 USD annual subscription .	1
It gets worse .	It gets worse , but better afterwards .	1
And a full-page ad in the Sunday NYT introduced a truly frightening The Ralph Lauren Barbie doll .	' ' NYT has never published a paper on Sunday ' '	2
Because this report deals not only with national saving but also with other measures such as investment and the federal budget position , we express saving , investment , and federal government spending as a share of GDP .	This report doesn 't deal with national saving or other measures .	2
Keyes ' answer didn 't precisely address the question , but which was more interesting and enlightening ?	Keyes intentionally avoided directly addressing the question .	1
really is it like shrimp	It 's kind of like shrimp .	1
In the daytime the temple ( open 8am 6pm ) attracts worshipers , and its park attracts strollers and mah-jong players .	The park is within walking distance of the temple .	1
Fidelity 's funds are lagging and the best fund managers are leaving , but the firm is thriving as a manager of corporate pension plans .	The best fund managers of Fidelity are leaving because of downsizing .	1
( What does it mean when the boyz make illiteracy a fashion ?	Many of the boyz who view illiteracy as fashionable had dropped out of school .	1
oh i hope you can do that what what i did is i was approached and and i 've i went to TI just right at the time that uh my marriage was ending i had been a	I have never been married before in my life .	2
One of the nice things about Java is that the most difficult parts of C ( indirection and pointer arithmetic , among other things ) have been left out of the language , while other convenience features unavailable in C ( such as memory management ) have been added to it .	One nice thing about Java is that the most difficult parts of C ( indirection and pointer arithmetic , for example ) have been left out of the language , while other convenience features unavailable in C have been added to it .	0
I think there 's something between vengeance and forgiveness .	I think forgiveness and vengeance are both going too far but I 'm not sure what 's in between other than indifference .	1
Depending on the circumstances of the audit , auditors may find it necessary to obtain information on compliance matters from others , such as investigative staff , audit organizations , and officials of government entities that provided assistance to the audited entity , and / or the applicable law enforcement authority .	Auditors may sometimes have to glean information on compliance issues from audit organizations .	0
evaluation but right right and that i 'm sure that would make a big difference too	That wouldn 't matter at all .	2
Collections such as Asian art and Egyptian artifacts are on terraced balconies , allowing a full view of the roof from the ground floor .	The ground floor is a suitable location to see the Asian works of art from .	0
For a thousand years , Kyoto served as the cultural and spiritual capital of Japanese civilization , the home of its revered emperors after the Nara period from the end of the 8th century up to the Meiji Restoration in the late-19th century .	Kyoto is a brand new ciy .	2
( internal quotation marks omitted ) .	There were no quotation marks .	0
oh i love it my wife can 't understand it 'd be a hundred degrees outside i 'll be out there but it 's too hot to be working in the yard i 'm under the trees i 'm having fun and i 'm stopping to drink water so what 's the problem	I drink a lot of water due to the heat and the work .	1
And it 's not just because time on the bird ( the communications satellite ) has gotten cheap .	Time on the bird has gotten cheap , but this is not the only reason , according to social media .	1
well if you do that then you 'll only be pleasantly surprised probably if it 's anything but that	You 'll be surprised if you try to get a workout in .	1
Thus , a study of how a group is organized economically might begin with	Studies about the economic organization of groups have a certain something it might begin with .	0
to cut the sacks off she didn 't even lick the sacks off laziest dog on earth she never she never nursed them she never cleaned them she never did anything to them they were like she they didn 't exist	She would sometimes care for the dogs .	1
But he is remembered with bitterness .	He is remembered with such acerbity by the locals .	0
9.2 million individual entitlements each year , and employs a staff of 22,000 in 1,000 service delivery locations across Australia .	This employer is the largest delivery service in Australia .	1
any crime	any lawbreaking activities	0
But I 'm trying to tell you about that , if you 'd only shut _ up _ a second and let me talk .	I 'm trying to tell them about my vacation .	1
See here , it was a foreign-looking guy he went off after .	There was a normal looking guy that he went after .	2
that 's a very common experience you know	The experience of stopping your heart is very common .	1
At the Marmara end of the Theodosian Walls , a long way from the city 's other sights but easily reached by bus or taxi , stands the ancient fortress of Yedikule ( Seven Towers ) .	The ancient fortress of Yedikule is a long way from the city 's other sights .	0
She stabbed me in the heart .	I got stabbed .	0
yeah is it i i don 't know we don 't uh we don 't	It is I who has known .	2
Hence , it was not possible to reproduce the exact AEO2001 reference case	The exact reference case was not able to be reproduced .	0
less than half i was kind of surprised to hear that	I was surprised to hear it was less than half of people that owned homes .	1
This relieves the carrier from the need to travel back down a road to serve curbside boxes on the other side	Carriers need to get to each site	1
Congressional debate has focused on two of our criteria , mission relevancy and gains through consolidation .	The debate has focused on few of our criteria , two in particular , according to the members .	1
He stretched out his hand to a sheet on the table .	He reached out to a sheet on the table .	0
Newsweek ' s war preview includes a map listing U.S. weaponry and its concentrations , thumbnail sketches of American military commanders , a short essay from Madeleine Albright explaining the need for a military strike , and a story on Saddam Hussein 's intricate security measures ( he maintains surgically altered body doubles ) .	Newsweek has a war preview of the United States army .	0
It is a polychrome sculpted wooden triptych of 18 panels , which portray the last days of Jesus in moving detail .	It is a wooden triptych of 18 panels , each more beautiful than the last .	1
Sure a fool thing to do , ridin ' there alone .	Riding unaccompanied was a stupid thing to do .	0
When conflicting evidence cannot be resolved , the careful investigator indicates that causality cannot be established .	If conflicting evidence cannot be understood , causality can 't be made .	0
This awareness can also help auditors judge whether possible findings could be significant to various possible users .	Auditors can judge if findings might be significant for users .	0
The REIMS II countries are all industrial countries , so the distribution is likely a reasonable approximation for mail received by the U.S.	REIMS II countries all participate in agricultural economic actions .	2
But after that , you 're on your own .	I won 't help you after the time limit is up .	1
While there 's much to see wherever you go , the essence of a Los Angeles vacation is experiencing the southern Caleornia vibe , which means all you really have to do is explore and watch life unfurl .	There are lots of things that one can see in Los Angeles .	0
Ca 'daan saw two whipmasters fleeing on horseback .	Ca 'daan saw the men going off into the distance .	0
The main highlight of a stay at one of these special temples is the chance to sample the luxurious Buddhist vegetarian temple cuisine ( shojin-ryori ) served only in such lodgings .	You can stay at a temple where you can get beautiful meals served on gold platers .	1
President Bush has not only promised to take the SO2 trading program to the next level but he has experience to lend to the matter .	President Bush wants to do away with the SO2 trading program .	2
Dole gave 12 hours of formal interviews and lots more time informally , in part because , as his press secretary Nelson Warfield told me last week , he likes Woodward personally .	12 hours of interviews were given by Dole .	0
It seemed vaguely familiar to Tommy , but he thrust the impression aside as impossible .	Tommy assumed he was simply seeing things .	1
she has to develop her own personality and so sometimes i i have to step back and say okay we want to encourage her we want to influence her but we don 't want to control her	We really want to have control over her .	2
Every counter was there before he swung .	He went higher and higher on the swing set .	2
Cheer up , old thing , it can 't be helped . 26 " Can 't it , though ! " Tuppence 's little chin shot out defiantly .	Tuppence thought it could be changed .	0
18 An integrated product team is a concentration of product expertise within a team of employees who , together , have the authority to design , develop , test , manufacture , and deliver a product .	An integrated product team will have off the project to a separate group for testing .	2
In Patton , George C. Scott as General Patton looks over an imminent battle scene and says something like God help me--I do love it so !	George C. Scott played General Patton in Patton .	0
It seems sort of familiar to me .	The thing seemed somewhat familiar to him .	0
Those in need of assistance may call the Legal Aid Foundation of Los Angeles at ( 800 ) 399-4529	There is nobody that can be contacted for assistance .	2
Jon swung again .	Jon swung his rapier again .	0
Crosethe Canche and continue south to Buire-le-Sec and the village of Maintenay , where a restored 12th-century mill now serves crapes in a wonderfully cool and leafy setting .	A restored 12th-century mill is Maintenay 's biggest attraction .	1
In such cases , most of the duties originally paid are refundable when the finished product is exported .	Duties charged to governments are refundable .	1
Parris Glendening 's supporters are so unenthused that they 'll stay home if it merely drizzles .	Parris Glendening has supporters .	0
People might begin to save more if they were aware how much they need for retirement and that saving regularly over time is the key to preserving their future standard of living .	It is ideal that people start saving at the age of 18 .	1
and we 're still using those things too	we 've been using those things too since 2007	1
Baue Out of control federal regulators .	Baue thinks the federal regulators are doing a great job	2
The court upheld the restrictions on litigation , lobbying , and rulemaking involving an effort to reform a Federal or State welfare system , since all three prohibited grantees ' involvement in These activities regardless of the side of the issue .	The court did not hear arguments from any opposing sides during its deliberation .	1
but i don 't think we 're going to have much of a choice in either either Central or South America	We will be able to choose exactly what we want in Central and South America .	2
are you in Texas now	Are you in the midwest now ?	1
Additionally , thanks to the built-in mini-engines , the toy could negotiate obstacles - depending on the boots - either by crawling , jumping , walking sideways , pirouetting , or in the down-up fashion .	The toy could climb over things and scale small walls .	1
um yeah they 're they 're convenient you know that 's that 's a	I don 't find them convenient .	2
For some reason , I wasn 't much moved by the old Number 31 , 1950 . But , a 15 foot long monochrome work on loan from Desseldorf , Germany , took my breath away .	A monochrome piece of art from Germany stunned me .	0
Sure thing I do .	No I do not .	2
Both times I quickly changed the subject but felt as though I had been punched in the stomach .	I changed the subject but couldn 't shake the feeling of heartbreak .	1
Which brings me to the to be sure paragraph , as they call it in our trade .	They are known for being wordy .	1
( Never heard of them ?	Heard of them and met them several times .	2
Also , several organizations said that they had employed self-assessment tools , such as the Computer Security Institute 's Computer Security Compliance Test , to compare their organization 's programs to preestablished criteria .	There are only assessments from external sources .	2
Paying lawyers for pro bono work is out of the question .	Lawyers should be paid regardless .	2
If there was ever a shopping heaven , this is it .	Everything is very cheap at this shopping heaven .	1
Yes , said Sir James , and stroked his chin reflectively .	Sir James agreed with the woman , as he stroked his chin reflectively .	1
well that 's true it it has to be kind of a discreet transaction	Oh yes , the transaction has to be sort of discreet .	0
Furthermore , an agency 's internal control should be flexible to allow agencies to tailor control activities to fit their special needs .	When agencies can customize their internal controls , it has been found that it becomes a lot easier for agencies to respond to external factors .	1
and it was in the head and the mother said well we won 't worry about that right now and she said i think he shot daddy in the face and mom said well you 're right you know and she just started crying and it was just so sad you know i mean just i want to	The dad was affiliated with gangs and drug dealers .	1
we 've been in here ten years	We 've been here for a decade .	0
Republicans in Congress , by contrast , generally favored constructive engagement with China , while liberal and protectionist Democrats usually opposed it .	Liberal and protectionist Democrats in Congress generally opposed engagement with China , but the Republicans were mostly in favor of it .	0
The AC is typically injected at the lowest temperature available that is upstream of a particle-collecting device because experience has found that mercury collection is most efficient at lower temperatures .	Mercury collection is most efficient at lower temperatures .	0
Then I shan 't drink it , said Tuppence firmly .	Tuppence said that she wouldn 't drink it .	0
Favorites ( dozens of useful links to other reportage and commentary--and gossip--on the Web ) .	Dozens of links , that are useful to other reportage and commentary--as well as gossip--on the Web , are favorites .	0
Amid all the Vatican 's treasures , the 15 rooms of the Picture Gallery ( Pinacoteca Vaticana ) , in a separate wing of the palace , get short shrift .	The Picture Gallery is often ignored because it is the least impressive of the Vatican 's treasures .	1
On Wednesday , NBC sinks to new lows with The Hard Evidence of Aliens Among Us ?	The NBC reached a new high with The Hard Evidence of Aliens Among Us ?	2
Is there anything cuter than that ?	That is so ugly .	2
The Caleornia ScienceCeter andIMAX Theater ( 700 State Drive ) presents technological exhibits from robotics and fiber optics to a miniature winery .	The theater has only a single exhibit available for viewing .	2
Not to imply that the Katz would threaten murder to get published in the Washington Post : To the best of my knowledge , he hasn 't maimed or killed anyone except the characters in his Suburban Detective Mystery series-- Death by Station Wagon , The Last Housewife , The Father 's Club , and The Family Stalker . But , like the Unabomber , Katz is driven frothy by a world that won 't conform to his expectations .	Katz is an author who is a lot like Dr. Seuss as he writes children 's books .	2
Visitors are welcome from early morning until 12 : 30 p.m. , then for a few hours in the afternoon ( enquire at the tourist office ) .	It is closed for part of the afternoon .	0
okay yeah see we i have Bermuda in my yard now i still have the old standby crabgrass here and there but	I have stones in my yard instead of a lawn .	2
I 'm not anti-commercial software or even anti-Microsoft .	I am not against Microsft or any other commercial software .	0
Microsoft has used the image of its competitors ' political influence to portray its own lobbying as self-defense .	Microsoft and its competitors are lobbying for fewer government regulations .	1
you know and they 're not going to do that directly but the thing is is that they they didn 't go into into Iraq and say you know because they have the force to go in there and say get out of the country you know you can seek seek asylum here and you can go there but no way are you going to rule ever again	They will stay in Iraq for as long as it takes to disrupt their political system .	1
This assumes 35 years of life lost is the base value associated with the mean VSL value of $ 3 .	35 Yeats of life lost is the bade value with a vsl mean of $ 3 .	0
95 per year for wry political and cultural commentary .	The wry political and cultural commentary is very well-received .	1
Status achieved .	I have never achieved this status before .	1
Everybody out of the room . ' 	Everybody leave .	0
to um make and everything and it 's usually well liked by people i guess i 'm just a seafood fan so i think on the lines	I like seafood but I also think it 'd be a good idea beyond my own personal bias .	0
or the norm has become that they would desire that the government say yeah that we deserve this so you will provide this	They don 't want anything from the government .	2
The notice contained in the preamble to the interim final rule complies with the requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act by explaining the need for the information , the parties affected , and the burden estimate related to the collection .	The notice contained in the preamble does not comply to the requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act .	2
I was so bent on playing the part of Janet Vandemeyer that my nerves began to play me tricks .	I anticipated playing the part of Janet Vandemeyer .	0
The 1 ) By studying how the chimps ' genes or immune system defeat the related virus , we can learn how to defeat HIV in humans .	The chimps ' genes cannot help with HIV	2
i i i was amazed too i was really i was really um proud of them though that they stayed out of it but	They got involved .	2
On the northwest shore of the lake is Lingolm , historic home of Lord Rochdale .	Lingolm is known as the current home for Lord Rochdale .	2
12988 ( Civil Justice Reform ) and has been found to meet the standards set forth in the order .	Civil justice doesn 't need reform	1
Not all the slaves got up .	Some of the slaves did not get up because they were too tired .	1
and uh fortunately we agreed you know on exactly you know what we thought should be done my mother also was very very independent she had her own still had her own little house and still driving her own car at age eighty three	The plan we came up with for my mother was the best one for our family and for her .	1
you buy it you buy it as a seasoning	I have no idea where to buy it .	2
quality education you know	It 's well-respected education .	1
6-billion budget from the United States .	The us gave them a large budget .	1
Legal services programs provide a broad range of generalized information and assistance to people wishing to handle simple legal matters themselves without extensive assistance from an attorney .	Legal service programs help people not use attorneys .	0
and that 's it gets too long and then it uh starts bunching up underneath the lawn mower and i can 't get it out and and it 's uh it it turns out to be a real mess so i 've got to do it uh uh no later than once a week	It doesn 't get long at all , so I only do it about once every few months .	2
33 T-ACE also screens for alcohol abuse and dependence .	Alcohol and dependence can also be checked by the 33 T-ACE .	0
Design is stable Product can be produced	Product is impossible to produce , and the design is unknown .	2
Well , I 'll be liter 'ly bumfuzzled !	I am confused but happy .	1
Stephanopoulos is kinder to the first lady , whom he depicts as passionate and strong .	In Stephanopoulos ' works , he depicts the first lady in a negative way .	2
and i i get probably four calls probably four a day probably three day a norm but seems like it seems like it 's more than that of phone calls and and it i 've gotten to where i 've really had to say okay wait a minute this you know it 's okay to be nice and sometimes you know i feel like God says talk to this person or something but most of the time i just have gotten where i can say i 'm not interested thank you and i just hang you know and i hang up real nicely but	I never answer the phone when it rings .	2
He had learned the importance of reputation to private sector fund-raising after the Federal Emergency Management Agency cited his program before Congress for excellence in cases stemming from the 1994 Northridge earthquake .	It didn 't matter that he had a previous case , the Federal Emergency Management Agency didn 't care about it at all .	2
sounds like something i should do	That sounds like something I need to do .	0
so they still had they had and they had people who came in who um supervised them all these houses were like fifteen or twenty of them all right together kind of like on one block and they had a a supervisory um	All the homes are in a small community about 15 or so houses , and they had people who were assigned to check on them . They make sure all the residents are taken care of .	1
With its detailed carvings , the beautiful abbey was an important center of worship but continued to have royal connections because of the surrounding hunting grounds .	Not many people worshiped at the plain , undecorated abbey .	2
Chatterbox learned that the science of studying facial expressions is relatively Before the 1960s , apparently , it was deemed a useless enterprise .	Facial Expression studies were deemed most important in the 1960 's .	2
If you have the time , try to visit St. Peter 's Basilica and the Vatican Museums on separate days to avoid fatigue and visual overload .	If you have the time , don 't waste it on visiting St. Peter 's Basilica or Vatican Museums , they are not worth it .	2
I myself stood in line for five hours and already have tickets to see it three times , and I know I 'll enjoy it .	He will enjoy it three times .	1
they take out for CODA and then uh um the IRA 's and then uh i also take out for um a savings account but it 's it 's uh	The money may be taken out from the IRA 's .	1
It is an easy comparison .	One would be remiss to jump to such a conclusion so quickly .	2
Draw your sword and dagger .	Put your weapons away .	2
Apparently any man who discovered a principle or device could use a name for it , just as parents could give one to their children .	Everyone was free to give names to new principles .	1
One of my principal goals for GAO is that we not only work to improve government , but that we also work to improve ourselves .	GAO is focused on improving themselves , because they 'll be more useful to the government that way .	1
You 're skill with the blade is good .	You are really good with a blade .	0
often refer to these initiatives as state planning 's companion initiatives , and these initiatives - competition , the quality initiative , the diversity initiative , technology initiative grants , the matters initiative , our efforts to enhance services for self-represented litigants , the Legal Resource Library , to name just a few - have become as important to the creation of a world-class delivery system as state planning has proved itself to be .	The Legal Resource Library is not an important initiative .	2
well , as the New York Times . You could learn more from any randomly selected porn video .	Porn videos could teach you more than that .	0
we have got a long time to save my husband he 's the real he 's the real disciplinarian when it comes to that money usually	Since he is not frugal , my husband spends money on frivolous things .	2
If you 're eager for a bit of culture after a day in the sun , check out the Orange County Performing Arts Ceter ( 600 Town Ceter Drive , Costa Mesa ) , which sponsors frequent symphony , chamber music , and opera performances by visiting international and local groups .	The Orange County Performing Arts Center doesn 't sponsor opera performances or symphony performances .	2
Designed in the late 13th century by Arnolfo di Cambio ( architect of the Palazzo Vecchio and the Duomo ) but with a neo-Gothic facade added in 1863 , the Franciscan church of Santa Croce ( east of the Uffizi ) has an important series of Giotto frescoes .	Arnolfo di Cambio designed Santa Croce before he went to work on the Palazzo Vecchio and the Duomo .	1
Auditors should consider the results of previous audits and attestation engagements and follow up on known significant findings and recommendations that directly relate to the subject matter of the attestation engagement being undertaken .	Attestation engagements and audits are always unprepared , this is the reason why auditors need to research previous audits .	2
Fear had successfully hypnotized the man by his side .	Fear was completely controlling the man to his side .	0
7 Beginning in fiscal year 2000 , FHWA appraised senior executives on these corporate management strategies .	Senior executives received appraisals for their strategies .	0
Nevertheless , Tommy did blame her .	Tommy was right to blame her .	1
The preamble to the final rule discusses these changes and the reasons they were made and the changes in the estimated annual burden hours .	The annual burden hours are unaffected by the final rule .	2
His body was totally relaxed .	He was limp on the sofa .	1
In essence , the Alternative Estimate addresses the above noted uncertainties about the relationship between premature mortality and long-term exposures to ambient levels of fine particles by assuming that there is no mortality effect of chronic exposures to fine particles .	Lung exposure to certain fine particles can cause cancer .	1
yeah think of the pressures	Yes , consider the stresses involved .	0
Outside there is a young garden maze , marking the outline of the original foundations , and a restful cafe .	The garden maze is easy to get through .	1
There 's really not much to see except the hill itself and the view over the central Irish plain .	You can only see the green grass on the hill .	1
around the house was uh if i remember right it was like uh five hundred dollars	Aside from five hundred dollars , I also remember there being a gun somewhere in the house .	1
What the case comes down to is LSC 's discretion to reconfigure the service areas in the state , says Alan Kraus , who represents LSC and Youells .	LSC 's must always seek legislative approval to reconfigure service areas .	2
yeah yeah the he does well they 're sort of scary you know but they 're they 're just really really good	They 're sort of scary but they 're really good .	0
THE DOCTORS HAVE GIVEN HER SIX MONTHS TO LIVE .	According to her doctors , she is in perfect health and has years to live .	2
One of them is the ability to humanize the case , to take it out of this range of procedures and rules , Zelon said .	Zelon said one of them is the ability to humanize the case .	0
The article is full of anecdotes about 11-year-olds who don 't finish their schoolwork till 11 p.m.	Anecdotes for 11 year olds who don 't finish their homework until the last minute .	0
These leptin findings imply that hormones and neurotransmitters control the instinctual desire to eat , overwhelming willpower in the process .	Overeating has biological roots .	0
I have only just heard . "	I just heard this second .	1
Significant reductions will go a long way towards addressing local concerns .	Local concerns do not depend on the reductions for relief .	2
Between 50 percent and 90 percent of the country invested nearly $ 3 billion in a Ponzi scheme that collapsed this winter .	Most of the country invested in the scheme .	0
Say , Miss Tuppence , there 's something I 'd like to ask you . "	He was going to ask Miss Tuppence out on a date .	1
In this report , we simulated the effect of different saving rates on the nation 's standard of living using a standard model of economic growth originally developed by economists at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .	Seventy economists work for the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .	1
Short-Term Exposure , COPD Related , Ages 65 and PM2 .	Long-Term Exposure , Non COPD Related	2
um i 'm i 'm concerned about whether or not that causes fractiousness i guess	I am worried that this will cause lawlessness .	0
Drew would never use quirt or spur on the stud .	Drew would never use a whip or spur on the animal .	0
Government lawyers are obliged to enforce laws , not to protect an official .	Government lawyers are not obliged to protect officials from the law .	0
What 's interesting about his argument .	What isn 't interesting about his arguement ? It was genious	2
Although most people take the ropeway , the easily negotiable trail leading to the top of 530-m ( 1,739-ft ) Mt . Misen is an invigorating hike .	While you can take the easier ropeway , hiking the trail is good exercise .	0
I 'm still sore from yesterday , said Adrin .	Adrin was sore from all the exercise the day before .	1
A solicitation document provides information necessary for vendors to propose equipment , software , and services to meet the agency 's requirements .	The agencies budget for equipment and upgrades is twelve million annually .	1
they don 't even have social skills oh i don 't know i really don 't know i i think that if somebody asked me i would hesitantly say yes that i could could hand down a death sentence	i think they have really great social skills	2
Tysons Corner touts the advantages of buying gift certificates online--you can save time and purchase them from the comfort of your PC--and it even advertises special benefits that can only be received with online orders , such as special shipping rates .	Tysons Corner offers special shipping rates with online gift certificate orders only .	0
Cokie Roberts and Sam Donaldson also quote Scripture during the segment to buttress their arguments , apparently from memory .	Cokie Roberts didn 't quote any Scripture at any point during the segment .	2
As Palermo was in decline , Naples flourished as a brilliant cosmopolitan capital .	The economic success of Naples was due to decline of Palermo .	1
It is not so easy to recognize the home town of a fellow driver .	It 's hard to find the hometown of a fellow driver .	0
Newsweek ' s history Henry Kissinger reminds readers that World War I started not because of ethnic cleansing but because of outsider intervention .	Kissinger does not know anything about WWI .	1
Many bookstores sell New York Times best sellers at a discount , thereby generating even more sales for New York Times best sellers .	Best sellers get less sales because stores raise the prices .	2
oh yeah they are	Oh yeah , they 're taking the bait .	1
i don 't think he 's really a very good actor i know that sounds awful because so many people think he 's so wonderful but i just have never been a Stallone fan	I do not think that Stallone is a good actor .	0
The gold jewellery and objects attest to the artistry of Villena 's early inhabitants .	Villena 's early inhabitants were known for making only bronze jewelry .	2
Whole blocks of the city seem to disappear overnight , replaced in the blink of an eye by new office buildings , condominiums , cultural complexes , and shopping centers .	There is very little change happening in this city .	2
Do you really know what 's in them all ?	Do you know what 's in them all ?	0
That is no true symbol ! " " Suppose we substituted bits of the real thing for these representations ? " Hanson asked .	That symbol is not true .	0
you know i 'm thinking of you know i just did my tax return for the last year you know if your medical bills are more than a certain percent of your income	I did mine and my neighbor 's tax returns for last year just awhile ago .	1
i know we had the car break down one time and the uh credit card saved us	The credit card saved us when the car broke down .	0
Jon heard the man 's kneel crack as he fell .	The man fell very hard and broke his leg .	1
It soon became the focus for state occasions , such as the return of the ex-emperor 's own remains from St. Helena in 1840 and the funeral of Victor Hugo in 1885 .	Soon it was the focus for state occasions .	0
Of course , growth was faster during some periods-the 1950s and 1960s , and the second half of the 1990s-and slower during other periods-the 1970s .	Some periods have faster growth than the others .	0
4 million budget as head of Bergen County Legal Services , will become deputy director of the tri- county office .	The budget of the tri-county office is nearly twice as large as that of the Bergen County service .	1
His will decreed the house never to be sold , ensuring the mansion 's future , even as other residences fell into disrepair and demolition , often to be replaced by skyscrapers .	The skyscrapers are really high .	1
Entry points to the island are by road and rail , a ferry journey across the Selat Selatan from the industrial town of Butterworth , or by way of the 7-km ( 41.2-mile ) drive over the Penang Bridge , which provides wonderful views of the harbor .	There is no bridge to the island .	2
this actually i i 'd have to confess i don 't really scope out the New Orleans games per say New Orleans just isn 't isn 't one of the areas i 've lived in so many places i 've lived in uh	Since I 've never lived in New Orleans , I don 't attend their games .	0
The total value for these crops in 1998 was $ 47 billion .	In 1998 , these crops were worth $ 47 billion .	0
They know that while the bark beetle is self-limiting , humankind is not .	They know the bark beetle limits itself whereas humankind does not because of our avaricious nature .	1
well same here have a good night okay yes i do okay bye	Have a pleasant night , and bye bye .	0
i i have several cookbooks uh Betty Crocker and New York Times and a couple of Japanese cookbooks a couple of Chinese cookbooks i even got a Filipino cookbook um	I have many cookbooks .	0
The best view is from the arch ? ­ bishop 's gardens behind the cathedral .	The best view is in the hotel by the streets .	2
Any warmth that was there vanished at his first words .	All warmth was gone when he spoke .	0
i didn 't uh yeah that that i like i like Arkansas	I like Arkansas college team	1
During the summer , beside the flight of steps carrying people up to the Mound , you will find the Floral Clock .	The Floral Clock is located beside the steps up to the Mound .	0
To date , JFMIP has issued ( 1 ) the FrameworkforFederalFinancial ManagementSystems ( not shown in Figure 1 ) and ( 2 ) systems requirements for the core financial system and 7 of the 16 other systems identified in the architecture .	JFMIP has issued two systems to date .	0
Based on the cost benefit analysis performed by EPA , the rule will not impose an intergovernmental mandate because there are no enforceable duties on State , local or tribal governments .	The cost benefit analysis affected the outcome severely .	1
But I 'm talking about art . "	But I am discussing art .	0
Closer to town is Lion Rock , shaped like a lion lying in wait .	Lion Rock is close to town , and is named as such because it is shaped like a waiting lion .	0
You can see why many of us do not see this as progress !	You can imagine now why we don 't see it as progress !	0
we went up and were going to spend on the Blanco River and we got there and a front come through and it was it was freezing	A front came through at Blanco River , but we stayed anyways .	1
It wasn 't that , but I couldn 't explain .	It was definitely that .	2
Susan Molinari used this figure in her Republican Convention keynote address to illustrate the burden of Clinton 's tax increase .	This figure has been used in Kanye West 's Republican Convention keynote address .	2
I will take it to Emily . He poured it out , and went out of the room carrying it carefully .	He carried it to the car	2
I don 't mean to be indelicate , but retching was very close at hand when that person talked .	They did not like to talk much .	1
San 'doro approached her and sat down , his hands in his lap .	San 'doro stood before her , waiting for her to speak .	2
Some tourist cafes advertise tea like mother makes , but in native Spanish establishments , tea is unlikely to evoke dreams of home .	The tea served in Spanish establishments is just like the tea most tourists make at home .	2
The saying Time is money is quite literally true in Hong more is spent on watches and clocks here than on cameras and optical goods .	More money is spent on watches and clock than on cameras in Hong Kong .	0
timing , and quality .	Time and quality are the important factors .	1
But anti-Semitism permeated Nazi ideology , and Finkelstein is deaf to its nuances .	Anti-Semitism has nothing to do with Nazis .	2
Chinese secret societies waged constant gang wars for the control of the mines , bringing production to a halt at a time when world demand for tin was at a peak .	The Chinese secret societies wanted control of the mines did so for financial reasons .	1
The business CIOs work together to determine how IT can be used to reach customers across business lines .	Many CIOs are required to figure out how IT can bring more customers .	1
Perhaps more important , such high-end accommodations raise the standards of expectations back to the mythology of the Rat Pack era .	There were many instances where even a King would not receive the best treatment .	1
The striking thing about workers ' comments after the vote was how many of them mentioned the possibility of the company shutting down its operations .	The striking thing about workers ' comments after the vote was how many of them mentioned the possibility of their company shutting down its operations .	0
take a twenty two and find a creek	They often would venture into the woods with a twenty two caliber rifle .	1
Consider the sex lives of older Americans .	Don 't even think about older Americans and their sex lives .	2
And , oh , to know what a frolic is !	To know what a death is .	2
Buchanan also traveled to Minnesota in June to kiss Ventura 's ring .	Buchanan went to Minnesota to meet Ventura at the Governor 's mansion .	1
Even if Barry doesn 't quite deserve the same , Washington deserves not to have its ex-mayor disgraced .	Personal dignity should be preserved at all costs .	2
If this is your first trip , you 'll do well to establish an overall impression .	You only need to look at a few activities if this is your first trip .	2
At its best , tofu is supposed to be springy , and this dish proved how ideally suited it is to the microwave 's wily ways .	Tofu should be mushy at its best .	2
and that 's not what they 're paying	that is not what they are paying	0
i think that was better than like Showbiz Pizza because there 's more for them to do	The Shobiz Pizza place is alright , but that was better because there 's more for them to do .	0
oh sure um-hum how much would uh something like that cost in the garage	The new lawnmower was expected to not cost so much .	1
There was a moment when you could not have been all together , or it would not have been necessary to call to Monsieur Lawrence to come and join you on the balcony . "	You called Monsieur Lawrence to join you on the balcony because you like his company .	1
As with any area of operations , written policies are the primary mechanism by which management communicates its views and requirements to its employees , clients , and business partners .	Management communities primarily use the written policy mechanism .	0
General Bedford Forrest , watching men driven to the limit by necessity and his own orders , had looked just that way when he had rounded on Drew , bearing news of yet another break-through by the Federals .	General Bedford Forrest knew Drew .	0
shop and ordered eggs and bacon and coffee .	Likes drinking coffee in the morning .	1
but um i mean the Baltic States i think are just sort of trapped i mean they were taken over couple of you know not too long ago	The Baltic States were taken over and are more or less trapped .	0
yeah yeah i think that 's the thing that were going to see well i think the biggest thing we 're going to see coming up in the next ten years even in the even now they 're starting to do it but i think it 's going to be more in the next ten to fifteen years is that there 's going to be a lot of women and they 're going to have to work it out to working part time	More women will have to transition from full-time to part-time work in the next fifteen years .	1
To assist federal managers , the Committee published guiding principles and key issues for implementing GPRA .	Federal managers benefited greatly from the guiding principles published by the Committee .	1
it 's not too bad it it it 's unfortunate though i guess because i probably should uh do a little less of the hardening of the arteries with the salt and a little less of the sugar here and there but	I need to stop snacking throughout the day to reduce the amount of salt and sugar I consume	1
Apparently , they 're making the new Monopoly tokens more gay-friendly .	This statement is based on hear-say or rumor - not factual knowledge - as indicated by the use of the word ' Apparently ' .	0
Belatedly , Weld is trying to regain the moral high ground .	Weld knows he 's had the moral high ground this whole time , so now he 's just trying not to lose it .	2
yeah but Congress never really had the right to give it to them is the is the real argument	Congress didn 't have the right .	0
You 'll also find excellent old maps and prints here , but the merchants know the going price for everything ; real bargains are few and far between .	It is hard to get a good deal as a customer .	0
back to the guy who can do something with it	He was a powerful Senator with many lofty connections .	1
You did not hear the table fall ?	Were you not able to hear the table when it fell under the weight of the man ?	1
A neighbouring clock showed the time to be five minutes to twelve .	The clock nearby said it was 5 minutes to 12 .	0
Superficially , atomic power would seem to preclude the use of coal and oil .	The atomic power is not superficially better .	2
yeah it 's really interesting it	It 's really dull .	2
Departments of Commerce , Justice , and State , the Judiciary , and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2000 , Pub .	Members of the Justice Department were quite irate about the limited funding they received .	1
The cathedral 's richly Baroque Chapel of San Genaro is the highlight , its altar containing two phials of Naples ' beloved patron saint 's blood .	The Baroque Chapel of San Genaro 's altar has the blood of Naples ' patron saint .	0
It is advisable to provide a preconditioned ( deionized ) feed water by using a Culligana , Continentala , or equivalent system in front of the MILLIPOREa System to extend the life of the MILLIPOREa cartridges ( see Section 5 , Facilities , Equipment , and Supplies ) .	The MILLIPOREa cartridges are very fragile and prone to breaking .	1
The museum 's modern collection of Braque , Bonnard , and Picasso offers an intriguing counterpoint .	Sadly , the museum contains no modern art to offset its classical art .	2
They turned their noses up at trade with the Romans , but China offered many bounties , such as silk , musk , and amber , in exchange for India 's spices , jewels , and perfumes as well as parakeets for the ladies ' boudoirs and monkeys for their cooking pots .	They enjoyed international trade opportunities .	0
i don 't like them cleaning up the dishes	I don 't like when they clean the dishes .	0
i think those guys those little V eights could have been made to be pretty powerful little engines if they would have gone with it but	V eights are already extremely powerful engines .	2
Whittington mayn 't be in London at all . "	Whittington may be in the U.S.	1
The Benefits Agency employs about 71,000 people and delivers more than 20 social security benefits , making payments in excess of $ 156 billion each year .	The Benefits Agency is used to provide aid to families .	1
but well i guess it 's getting late	The hours are getting on toward evening .	0
and so it was it was cool you know and and it was just uh very tiring though	It was cool but very exhausting .	0
well good for him uh-huh uh-huh yeah	I 'm glad for him .	0
Now , forget about this rate case and put aside any notion that I am suggesting others mailers should pay a larger share .	The speaker does think other mailers should pay a large shair .	2
Civil behavior has two sides .	Both sides of civil behavior are derived from extreme examples .	1
how does that coach feel about that	The coach hates that idea , doesn 't he ?	2
Suppose the United States could maintain gross national saving at its 2000 GDP share of 18 .	The United States definitely maintains gross national saving at its 2000 GDP share of 12 .	2
they replaced like seven of them and we just had to pay the deductible but	Seven of them were replaced	0
The bearish The big correction is starting .	The correction has already started , its too late for us now .	2
In 1635 the Japanese were forbidden , on pain of death , to attempt to travel abroad , and Japanese citizens already overseas were prevented from returning , in case they brought back subversive Christian doctrines .	There were no punishments for Japanese people who attempted to leave Japan in 1635 .	2
In its submission , EPA did not identify any other statute or executive order imposing procedural requirements relevant to the final rule .	The EPA did show lots of relevant documentation in regard to the final rule .	2
White critics of integration include the neo-conservatives , former liberals who supported the civil-rights mainstream until the early ' 70s .	White critics of integration also include non-neo-conservatives .	1
The Pont de la Concorde , truly the bridge of the French Rev ? ­ o ? ­ lu ? ­ tion , was erected between 1787 and 1790 .	The bridge of the Frenc Revolution was erected in the 1800s .	2
Inside is an 8,500-sq-ft ( 791-sq-m ) store loaded with thousands of M and M knickknacks .	Thousands of M and M paraphernalia is stored in an 8,700 square foot store .	0
but uh also TI has some good uh uh some good jogging tracks every once in a while while i 'm sitting there eating lunch i 'll look look out and see people jogging i guess on their lunch hour	TI does not let us take lunch breaks .	2
My superiors are prone to shifting expectations , especially when what they perceived as an exercise in style starts to have substance . ' 	My superiors don 't want you to have substance .	0
The Ser then clipped the stuff from his tube and sealed the tiny opening smoothly with a bit of sun material on the end of a long metal wand .	The Ser removed the sun material from his tube .	2
It is his duty , he writes in Crossing the Threshold of Hope , to interpret [ Vatican II ] correctly and defend it from tendentious interpretations .	Vatican II 's meaning can change over time .	2
The prime example of this commingling of fact and fiction involves the origin of the Kathmandu Valley .	The start of the Kathmandu Valley involves a mixture of fact and fiction .	0
Checkers masters stared down their Armageddon a few years ago , when a powerful computer program named Chinook forged a tie with the second-best checkers player in the world , Don Lafferty .	Chinook , a computer almost beat a world class player in checkers .	0
As demonstrated by successful companies , using these criteria can help ensure that the right knowledge is collected at the right time and that it will provide the basis for key decisions to commit to significant increases in investment as product development moves forward .	Application of these criteria have absolutely no effect on knowledge collection .	2
but uh a really good day care is probably going to cost more than you 're going to make at the job	You will probably have to settle for a cheaper daycare , or maybe the kid 's grandparents .	1
yeah i i 'd say reading 's probably one of my biggest ones because it 's the type of thing that you can you can do a little bit at a time whereas i would love to do crafts and stuff if i just had the time to do it and	Crafts are my main hobbies and sometimes I read .	2
Scientific gentleman , he was .	He didn 't like science .	2
Dun Laoghaire is the major port on the south coast .	Dun Laoghaire is the major port on the north coast .	2
Follow the signs to the sightseeing point where , on the predictably clear day , you can see acrose48 km ( 30 miles ) of blue ocean to La Desirade , 67 km ( 42 miles ) to Antigua , and even 77 km ( 48 miles ) to the ash-covered peaks of Montserrat .	You can see La Desirade , Antigua , and Montserrat from the sightseeing point .	0
Don Lorenzo , por favor , will you act as banker ? " He beckoned Drew after him into a small back room which was in sharp contrast to the main part of the Four Jacks .	Four Jacks has a small room that is used for secret meetings .	1
Several communities make up the area known as the Westside .	The Westside consists of several minority communities .	1
Realizing the importance of Western military technology , Nobunaga mastered the manufacture of gunpowder and made firearms from melted-down temple bells .	Nobunaga was hesitant to adopt Western technology and instead built traditional swords and bows .	2
yeah was it yeah good oh good that 's great that 's good well i got to stay home with my kids for the first ten years my oldest one is ten and a half now	I was lucky enough to be able to stay at home with my kids for ten years .	0
In fact , stakeholders in dozens of states have embraced the new approach fully and reported back enthusiastically on their progress since initiating their own state planning processes .	Stakeholders across the country embraced new planning processes and have reported back with enthusiastic news .	0
More than 312,000 people in the eastern Missouri counties stretching from the Iowa border to Jefferson County qualify for legal aid , an increase of more than 10 percent from 1990 .	The number of people who can qualify for legal aid in the eastern Missouri counties has been increasing since 1990 .	0
yeah yeah i don 't think that 's the kind of thing you can do yourself is it unless you had the equipment	No need , i can do it myself .	2
Elderly and minority homeowners hold a disproportionate share of these higher-cost loans .	Elderly and minority homeowners are tricked more easily to take unfavorable loans by loan sharks .	1
As had happened at the fall of the Roman Empire , the Christian Church provided the essential element of national unity .	The religious upbringing destroyed the area 's sense of freedom .	2
considering the Kennedys made all their money off bootleg whiskey anyway	The Kennedys did not make any of their fortune from bootleg	2
The reptiles hissed , flaring gigantic nostrils .	The reptiles had scales .	1
On the leeward coast , underwater sportsmen can head for the simple fishing village of Pigeon to pick up a boat to the tiny ? ® let de Pigeon .	Pigeon is located on the windward side .	2
Later , he negotiated the opening of Yokohama as a trading port and foreign settlement .	He negotiated the closing of Yokohama 's ports and land use .	2
two two years ago we had a Seder we had sixteen people each night sixteen seems the magic number for us	I wish we could have had more people at the Seder .	2
In the Washington Post , Archer accuses Democrats of supporting big government on autopilot and argues that the cuts epitomize compassionate conservatism .	Some people think that all Democrats want the largest government possible .	0
the Social Security Surpluses Simulation ( 1990-2075 ) 72 Figure 3.5 : GDP Per Capita Under Alternative Gross National	The government expected a higher GDP per capita for the Social Security surpluses simulation .	1
Not on muscle .	On bone	2
The Morant Bay rebellion of 1865 was led by Paul Bogle and supported by George William Gordon ( after whom Gordon House , the Jamaican seat of Government , is named ) .	George William Gordon supported all major Jamaican rebellions of the 19th century .	1
If you 're planning several visits , you might like to concentrate on just one section at a time ' the Italian , the French , the Spanish , the Flemish and Dutch , for example , but not forgetting the important sections devoted to ancient Egyptian , Greek , and Roman antiquities .	There are no antiques from Egypt on display .	2
We conducted our work from October 2000 through August 2001 in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards .	The 10 month audit was a deviation from standard auditing practices .	2
Haven 't eaten since we broke camp at sunup . "	I 've been eating nonstop all day .	2
Accounting for Property , Plant and Equipment , paragraphs 75 and 76 .	There is accounting for property , the plant , and equipment .	0
i don 't know did i don 't know how old you are but it seems to me like the last uh newscaster that presented news in just the nice simple factual way that i wanted to hear was Walter Cronkite	I like all the current news anchors .	2
Certain eligible individuals who lose group health insurance coverage are assured availability of coverage in the individual market , on a guaranteed issue basis , without preexisting condition exclusions .	People can have any insurance they want through the market .	1
Near Mishkenot Sha 'ananim you 'll find the restored 19th-century Yemin Moshe Quarter , which not only is architecturally captivating but contains several interesting art studios and galleries .	Mishkenot Sha 'ananim is older than the Yemin Moshe Quarter .	1
Their son Caesarean would have ruled over both countries , thus continuing the Egyptian blood line .	Caesarean would have been the slave .	2
It disoriented him a little .	Although he feels disoriented he is still perfectly fine	1
The top of a wardrobe is an excellent place for brown paper and cardboard boxes .	Atop the wardrobe is a great place to keep brown paper and boxes .	0
Their curiosity pushed them to build vessels that were strong enough to ford the open seas and reach these islands , marking the start of the long legacy of Mediterranean seafaring .	They were curious about the vessels that would help them travel around the world .	1
But if your options are more flexible , the most enjoyable ( though equally crowded ) months are May , June , September , and October especially for Rome , Venice , and Tuscany .	The least favourable months to go are May , June , September , and October .	2
in power that 's not really seeking God and wanting to do good for the people and not deal for selfish motives is very dangerous and i don 't see that this one world this new world order that him and Gorbachev keep talking about i just don 't see that um that 's just a real good thing but i think it 's something that 's going to happen but i guess that 's what i feel happen with the war and that was the motive of the war was to try and break that up and so that they could be you know get more power over that Arab lands when they try and next year really start pushing this new world order well he talks about it all the time i mean	Making decisions based on selfishness is very dangerous and him and Gorbachev are talking about a new world order .	0
so he had to redo them like three times before i was happy with them before he was happy you know that they even looked halfway decent and	He got it right the first time he did them .	2
The museum 's annex , the Geffen Cetemporary , is a few blocks away in Little Tokyo ( at 152 North Central Ave . ) and features zany installations , multi-media , and the last 60 years of the museum 's permanent collection .	There are several other museums and exhibitions , which might be of interest , in Little Tokyo .	1
Finally , the Caribs were expelled from the French domain , remaining for a period on Dominica and St. Vincent .	The Caribs were expelled from Paris .	1
The Queen 's Megaron has a splendid dolphin fresco lining one wall .	The mural is splendid .	1
i saw it you know i saw part of it again i mean i like you know i like Costner i like Sean Connery and uh there 's this one there 's this one actor it 's really silly that i enjoy him a lot but i i 've really enjoyed him in everything i 've seen him in a guy named Charles Martin Smith	I have watched it before , and I saw part of it again .	0
This approach is shown in Figure 4-2 .	Figure 4-2 doesn 't depict this approach .	2
No Spur R brand would ever be established here in Arizona .	Arizona would have many Spur R brand outlets within its borders soon .	2
A lot of other people did not do nearly as much as he did , argued Steve Roberts on Late Edition . He did something honorable .	Steve Roberts believes in the concept of honor .	0
The quantity , type , and content of audit documentation is a matter of the auditors ' professional judgment .	The character of the audit documentation is totally up to the judgement of the auditor .	0
Figures are based on information from the Summary Report of Real Property Owned by the United States Throughout the World as of September 30 , 1991 , December 1993 .	These figures are based on projected numbers from 2051 .	2
They went straight for the crone 's hut .	They completely avoided going anywhere near the crone 's hut .	2
I never suspected it at all , lamented Tuppence .	I had not a single clue , regretted Tuppence .	0
18 CBO 's budget projections are intended to provide estimates of federal spending and revenue assuming current law related to taxation and entitlement programs is unchanged .	18 CBO 's budget projections are supposed to provide estimates of federal spending and revenue , assuming current law related to taxation and entitlement programs doesn 't change .	1
Horse knowledge seems to run in your family .	Your whole family seems to know a lot about horses .	0
sure it is absolutely	No definitely not .	2
The study also identifies a number of federal agency initiatives related to the design review process .	Agency initiatives are aimed at reducing the cost of design reviews .	1
Find a spot for a drink at sunset ( which has to be one of the most spectacular on earth ) .	Find a spot for a drink during the middle of the night , its the best .	2
Rennie should have heard it a good many times already .	Rennie has never heard it .	2
really so uh does your husband ever use uh a laptop or a notebook does he bring a little one home with him or	Using a notebook would be better for your husband .	1
i 've been lucky i guess i haven 't had a bill big enough where i couldn 't pay them off at the end of the month but i i try to try to live within a budget you know and so	I have not had bills that were impossible to pay .	0
All these are as typical of France as the more conventional images of rolling green meadows bounded by straggling hedgerows and arrow-straight avenues lined with plane trees , a village visible on the horizon , clustered around its church .	France has been know for these things for thousands of years .	1
but they need to pay for it too because they couldn 't do that somewhere else	Oh no , they don 't have to pay for it	2
Today , Thompson is part Beavis , part whore .	Thompson is actually part Beavis , part iguana .	2
Then it hit , squarely on top of him .	It landed directly on top of him .	0
If only Tuppence could have been at his side to share in the triumphant conclusion of their joint venture !	I wished that Tuppence had been there to see this .	0
Testosterone weakens the immune system .	The immune system will become weaker due to the sudden influx of too much testosterone .	1
The implication is that the local FBI office is in cahoots with Brown & amp ; Williamson , but we hear no more about it ; we never even know if Wigand got his computer back .	That means that the local FBI office is in cahoots with Brown and Williamson .	0
it 's just a kind of uh just the way the plant is	It 's just how the plant is , so don 't be too worried about it	1
Soon electronic networks will allow people to transcend the barriers of time and distance and take advantage of global markets and business opportunities not even imaginable today , opening up a new world of economic possibility and progress .	These developments in electronic networks need to be monitored carefully .	1
Some had torn themselves open .	A few had torn themselves open .	0
Well with a bodyguard really , but a bodyguard was just a bodyguard and didn 't count , anyway .	A bodyguard did count .	2
Their anxiety is nothing compared with that of the prisoners once held in the forbidding Conciergerie ( entrance on the quai de l 'Horloge ) .	Their anxiety matches that of the prisoners once held in the forbidding Conciergerie .	2
that 's what i i you know that 's how i camp too that 's how i define camping the rest of the rest of that is really really not the same as a matter of fact my my my	I define camping that way .	1
the last uh in fact i guess this was the last movie i saw i said that wrong the last movie i saw was The Hard Way with Michael J Fox well that really wasn 't too bad it	The Hard Way was an okay movie .	0
On clear days , enjoy a view high over the Adriatic and all the way north to the pink-tinged Dolomites .	The Dolomites are known for their orange tinge .	2
( I 'd rather wed in hell , and so would she . )	We would rather marry in the fiery pits of hell than otherwise .	1
You got yourself out of a tight place very well , he said gravely .	He spoke in a serious tone of how someone got themselves out of a predicament .	0
oh yeah we did too	Oh , yes , we did as well .	0
But they conclude that all the choices available to Witztum and Rips created wiggle room , thus permitting the authors ' biases to corrupt the results .	All the choices created wiggle room .	0
If so , he would let Sir James know .	Sir James would not be told if it was so because he already knew .	2
if if if if and you need to be very careful if the loan is set up to have bimonthly they call it a yuppie loan if it 's set up for bimonthly payments if you because you 'll sa ve seventeen fifteen to seventeen years off the end of the loan seven i 'm sorry seven to nine years off the end of the loan	Bimonthly payments allow you to save up to nine years off the end of the loan .	0
The Rhine Valley region around Lyon is the epicenter of French gastronomy .	The epicenter of French gastronomy is around Lyon , in the Rhine Valley region .	0
and it it 's worked out most of the times i 'm i 'm usually pretty good on calling the the currency market	I 'm good at predicting how the market is doing .	0
Just off this pleasant main square of the city , you 'll find the useful state tourist office ( Office du Tourisme ) .	The state tourist office can be very helpful .	0
After the break-up of the Mauryan empire , new invaders appeared on the northwest frontier .	The Mauryan empire continued to exist , easily repelling invaders on its frontier .	2
and uh i don 't think that 's going to die very quickly he is getting some support there were a lot of people that are uh that were skeptical and the Cowboys are coming back and they have a pretty good team Troy Aikman looks like to be looks like he 's got the star qualities for a quarterback	It doesn 't look like Troy Aikmen is going to make much of a quarterback .	2
and we really didn 't didn 't uh i mean that wasn 't our consideration when when we bought it it was a complete blank lot they hadn 't even built the house yet and we were new to the this whole process and all we knew is that it was a the cheapest house that this this tract development uh sold so it turned out to be pretty good and	When we bought the house , they hadn 't even built it yet	0
Dijon is a good city for walking and exploring by yourself .	Dijon is suitable for looking around on your own .	0
and many have not been tested yet	There are a lot that still need to be tested .	0
well i can 't either i appreciate the call though	Thanks for the call .	0
It was a fort , all right , this whole stronghold of Rennie 's not just the bunkhouse which formed part of a side wall .	The bunkhouse formed a part of the back wall .	2
In his continuing trial , he should be able to address this question because adolescents will be randomized to booster sessions or a single session .	It makes perfect sense to randomize things for young adults .	1
I should like to examine them . "	I don 't want to see them .	2
Maybe so there 're some as will sit in on his side , but they 've sure got their jaws in a sling an ' ain 't bawlin ' about it none .	The man is all by himself .	2
I worked in the fish market , loading casks of the golden winged fish on their way to the kings of the cities in the far corners of the desert .	I worked at the cattle ranch .	2
We never got the hang of growing hair .	We had trouble growing hair .	0
It 's hard to imagine that this latest incident won 't have an impact on the court , which is currently reviewing another legal challenge to the chair .	The court will find a guilty verdict in the incident .	1
So you run then ? said Adrin .	Adrin asked if he ran and swam .	1
so what 's the answer	I 'd like to know .	1
" But I think a good soldier might just be granted a birthday present without any one gittin ' too excited about how military that is . " Then he had jerked the cord off his own hat and given it to Drew .	He pulled the cord off his hat because he didn 't think he deserved the designation anymore .	1
so what kind of eating out do you prefer do you like	Would you prefer Chinese or Indian food ?	1
Typically an FGD retrofit can use an existing chimney or stack .	Fdg can use an existing chimney	0
But I won 't be killed off quietly like a lamb . " Mrs. Vandemeyer stamped her foot .	Mrs. Vandemeyer put up a fight to save her life .	1
A black line of ash ran across the Kal 's stomach .	The Kal did not have any ash on his body .	2
Some schools , certainly not all , credit a portion of tuition debt in return for public law service .	The best schools offer programs with tuition credits .	1
uh-huh oh yeah uh another thing how about uh have you been to the Texans Texoma side	Have you been to Texans Texoma ?	0
The monastery 's museum traces the kingdom of Naples ' long history in costumes , sculpture , paintings , and prints .	The museum of the monastery shows the long history of Naples in costumes , sculpture , paintings , and prints to attract tourists in Italy and also to educate local Italian citizens .	1
After all , what is this number we call productivity ?	What is this number known as pi ?	2
It also concluded that any costs are significantly outweighed by the benefits to be achieved .	It was concluded that costs outweighed the benefits .	0
Then she swayed to the ground in a dead faint .	She didn 't faint .	2
80 Chapter 11 Julius Tells a Story DRESSED appropriately , Tuppence duly sallied forth for her " afternoon out . " Albert was in temporary abeyance , but Tuppence went herself to the stationer 's to make quite sure that nothing had come for her .	Tuppence went to check if anything had been sent to her .	0
Developing a plan is only the beginning of an ongoing effort that includes implementation of the plan 's initiatives , continuous outreach to new partners , regular assessment of progress toward goals , and modifications of the plan as circumstances change .	Planning is easy and is not likely to change over time .	2
you know i mean i i know that the problems are so deep but i mean even even within the Muslim uh religions different sects they can 't get together	Different sects within the Muslim religion are not united .	0
In the current , competitive environment for utilities , power plant owners are reluctant to provide much advance notice of when outages will occur .	Power plant owners are hesitant to provide advanced notice of outages given today 's competitive environment .	0
The final rule was issued pursuant to the authority of the Federal Food , Drug , and Cosmetic Act and the Public Health Service Act as codified at 21 U.S.C.	The last rule can be enforced per two other acts .	0
The passage was deserted .	There was no one there because of a meeting .	1
None of the Eclipse blood was ever backward on the track . "	There was no Eclipse blood on the track .	0
This research should include studies on the use of no-cost services such as self-help or 12-step	The research should include studies on the use of no-cost services	0
Furthermore , the days when historical financial statements were viewed as being of critical importance are gone .	Historical financial statements are not seen as important anymore .	0
The river Ouvyze , spanned by a Roman bridge , separates the attractive medieval haute ville from the modern town and Roman ruins .	There was no bridge constructed on the Ouvyze river	2
i but i would not physically do the work because i worked every night after after working all day in the in the plant and then weekends all your weekends were tied up and it took me about oh a little over seven months to finish it which i thought was pretty good	I barely ever work , but it still took over a year to finish .	2
it 's like a floating you know if something if something comes up	Things come up all the time .	1
Boats to the island leave from La Rochelle 's Vieux Port .	You can leave the island through a boat from the Vieux Port .	0
But those who work for Legal Services in Alabama say the money is not why they entered the field .	Those who work for Legal Services in Alabama do so for the emotional fulfillment .	1
He was beginning to be rather ashamed of the things he had said .	He felt shame about what he said .	1
I 've been reading a lot about Buddhism , she added .	She hadn 't read a thing about bhuddism	2
well we used the five minutes up	That is all the time we were allotted for the interview .	1
Therefore , the construction effort and need for equipment is relatively modest compared to the more involved SCR and FGD projects .	The construction effort is 50 % of what is required for SCR projects .	1
David Plotz explains why the Turks to bury their dead .	David Plotz explains why the Turks don 't bother burying their dead .	2
The climate in India imposes its own imperatives and restrictions on your itinerary .	The climate is stable and virtually the same across the country , so your travel plans shouldn 't be affected .	2
i was in the Air Force yeah yeah for myself i mean i think that military experience was fine it was just i just wish that there was something else that that that i could have done you know with	I was never in the Air Force .	2
He was losing his uncle .	The man would lose his uncle .	0
yeah for a long time	For a short period of time .	2
We heard that some of our franchises were doing this sort of thing , and we get angry when we hear about them doing it .	We were furious when we found out that our franchises were doing this .	0
It did not complete 90 percent of the necessary engineering drawings until 1998 , after the first two development aircraft were delivered .	This created a dangerous situation .	1
In cooperation with IIT Kent College of Law , legal services programs are also involved in establishing a Technology Center for Law and the Public Interest .	This is not related to law .	2
And sometimes , we are willing to pay a very high price--measured not just in dollars , but in the currency of lives--for that freedom .	This speaker was referring to American deaths overseas during the years of 2012 and 2014 , in the Iraq War .	1
so what do you think we 're going to get	Do you know if we will get anything ?	1
The most recent ABA survey was released in 1994 which found about 20 percent of the nation 's poor who need a lawyer 's help can find one .	The ABA survey was released in 1994 and looked only at NYC .	1
um-hum so it seems like a of people live there and through appeals because i know they do frequently i mean they cover cover it pretty heavily on television and the newspaper	I don 't know how many people live there .	2
Not in the least .	Not at all , even if you try and say otherwise .	1
Met audiences have shown little interest in any of the innovations that have transformed opera over the past half century ( Mark Swed , the Los Angeles Times ) .	The transformation of the opera over the years is not of much interest to audiences at the Met .	0
The actual penalties in this case are $ 774 for childless couples and $ 2,681 for couples with one kid .	The penalties in this case vary with family structures .	0
So is Clarence Thomas right ?	Clarence Thomas is either right or wrong .	0
You can probably manage at least a couple , and theaters often provide a good buffet between plays .	It 's unlikely that you will be able to manage more than one .	2
But the truth for me was slightly Whatever was on those tapes , listening to them , and quoting them , would make this a much more compelling and dramatic story for Newsweek .	I knew the tapes would have nothing of value for my story .	2
yeah well he doesn 't have that Hollywood attitude	He 's an arrogant , conceited jerk who thinks the world revolves around him .	2
I think that what she has unearthed in grisly detail is the uniquely shallow , instrumental , and crass culture of Los Angeles ( which I once heard described as high school with money ) , where looks , fame , and income compose the ranking rules for a truly wacky hierarchy .	She has also showed the true culture of other major cities in the USA such as New York .	1
Who 'd want to go back to the days when you couldn 't even talk about condoms ?	Who would want to go to the old days where talking about condoms would get you dirty looks ?	1
they are a handful	They 're nothing to me .	2
In 1996 , Salinger 's agent forbade a nonprofit Catcher in the Rye Web site from using quotations from the novel , garnering the usual rash of publicity .	The website was making fun of Catcher in the Rye .	1
Mixing foundation money with their own to go beyond the standard curriculum , the schools are teaching the nuts and bolts of running a business , setting up client referral networks for fledgling practitioners and holding seminars to tackle the mundane cha llenges of going it alone that are often considered superfluous to the study of law .	The schools have decided not to accept foundation money and will no longer set up client referral networks .	2
The 16th-century City Palace on the east shore of the lake is now part royal residence , part luxury hotel , and part museum .	The City Palace is no longer used as a royal residence .	2
so she 's been getting hearing about the the different calls and i 've i 've been in the middle of tests and stuff so i keep you saying oh press three	I haven 't been busy at all doing anything lately .	2
Here you will find magnificent temples , shrines , and pagodas ; exquisite Zen gardens ; sumptuous traditional feasts ; and , of course , that most alluring and misunderstood of creatures the kimono-clad geisha .	Great pagodas and amazing shrines are famous tourist attractions .	1
yeah and you just sit down and all the girls were all dressed up and all this you know i just was there you know like i made it i 'm here you know and uh it was just kind of funny because you know but we got to sit by first base if they 'd hit a ball i would have been afraid it would have knocked my face in you know	The women were so excited to be a part of the event .	1
When a college audience annoys him by clamoring for Latka and Mighty Mouse , Carrey as Kaufman proceeds to read all of The Great Gatsby on stage .	Andy Kaufman is excellently played by Carrey .	1
The Musee du D ? ? barquement on the seafront includes an exciting film explaining the whole heroic action .	The film is entertaining as well as informative .	1
The thing was too easy , therefore it could not be .	It was not possible because it was too easy .	0
oh he 's highly upset he uh went on uh he was on uh Twenty Twenty or Sixty Minutes i can 't remember which one and got blasted uh you know they uh that 's where it all came about because he said a few remarks of uh on that uh talk show or	He was on one of those shows , Twenty Twenty or Sixty Minutes and got blasted for saying a few remarks .	0
Facilities will also need to modify their Title V operating permit to incorporate the added control devices and the associated reduced emission limits .	Facilities must change their Title V operating permit .	0
and we really have a great time with it i 'm sure that 's the way that you felt with your boys	We do not have a good time .	2
There is a museum devoted to Ledoux 's plans , models , and avant-garde theories ; and seminars are held here on urban and industrial planning .	Seminars are held here for only the rich who can afford it	1
Chaim Weizmann ( 1874 1952 ) , a scientist born in Russia but later a British subject , did much to put Herzl 's hopes into practice .	Chaim Welzmann appear in many textbooks .	1
The carrier on these routes uses a vehicle to drive to various points along the route where the carrier dismounts and delivers to a portion of the route on foot .	These routes are traveled with a vehicle .	0
The Administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 CFR part 75 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator .	This subsection will be implemented by the Administrator who can make necessary amendments .	0
we interface kind of like uh on the tip teams and things i think that 's a good deal	It is a good deal to me .	0
All you need to know is that negative campaigning is the oldest trick in the book .	The oldest trick in the book is to play fair with campaigning .	2
The Indians , however , resented his refusal to consult them , and rioted over an ill-considered partition of Bengal .	The Indians did not appreciate the fact that they were not consulted .	0
He was the Mahatma 's favorite to lead India to independence .	He favored Mahatma to lead India 's path to independence .	0
Nehring says it 's mainly a codification of the 1988 Supreme Court decision , and wouldn 't put much more burden on unions to prove they 've got members ' permission to spend money on political causes .	Nehring says it 's mainly not going to make much of a difference for unions .	2
Haifa 's most famous attraction is the splendid golden-domed Baha 'i Shrine and Gardens ( entrance on Zionism Avenue ; Shrine open daily 9 : 00 a.m. to noon , gardens open daily 8 : 00 a.m to 5 : 00 p.m. ) , the international headquarters of the 4-million-strong Baha 'i faith , which was founded by the Persian holy man , Baha 'u'llah ( who died in 1892 ) .	Haifa is most famous for its ancient ruins , which encircle the city .	2
In those peaceful years , without threat of foreign invasion or civil war , there were no city ramparts .	Many wars and invasions plagued the city during these years .	2
Dublin north of the Liffey has its own atmosphere and , like the southern part of the city , some magnificent buildings , museums , and Dublin 's two most important theaters , the Abbey and the Gate .	Dublin has a part of the city that is home to gorgeous architecture , museums and much more .	0
Why , just ask cook .	The cook knows the answer .	1
These are handmade and will take about one week to complete .	These take about a week to create , from start to finish .	0
Oregon 's 16 Legal Aid offices strive to provide civil legal services for the state 's lowincome population .	Oregon 's Legal Aid offices want to help the poor .	0
Senor such a one he is not for sale ?	Sir , such a one need a lot of care and attention ?	2
cut twelve people up into little bitty pieces and bury them in your back yard then are you can can you be helped you know i have i have my doubts you know	If you cut people up and bury them in your backyard , I think you 're beyond helping .	0
I will say this into the Jewish-Americans are in my campaign .	Apparently the Jewish-Americans are a part of my campaign .	0
you know be at the end of their rope you know and be looking for uh uh a salvation in the sense or looking for a uh saving grace you know i	People don 't want a saving grace .	2
Instead , it is run as though every year is the same as every other year and is therefore static in its outlook .	They act like every year is a fresh slate .	2
Twenty million people suffer from this heart condition worldwide .	There are twenty million sufferers of this heart condition .	0
The man 's voice was deep and quiet .	The man 's voice is low and deep .	0
The oldest is on Moore Street , famous for the cries of its sellers .	The oldest can be found on Moore Street if you want to shop .	1
um they they also have a garden shop and they they offer just as good a guarantee if you buy it from them	They permanently closed their garden shop a few years ago .	2
But in addition to sampling the products of the cellar masters , visitors will find gourmet meals , wonderful towns , important churches , and dense forests .	The visitors did not find anything of interest .	2
In regard to H-2A workers , the record demonstrates that Congress ' purpose of providing meaningful representation to these workers cannot be accomplished under the three interpretations in the Federal Register .	H-2A workers need representation .	0
Pensions , Income from Accumulated Assets , and Earnings Determine Who Had Highest Retirement Incomes	Income from accumulated assets was a factor used to determine the highest retirement incomes .	0
1 The use of tap water in the reconstituting of synthetic ( artificial ) seawater as dilution water is discouraged unless it is dechlorinated and fully treated .	The use of tap water in the experiment made everything wet	1
Most visitors guiding themselves through a sightseeing day in Ibiza Town arrive by bus from one of the outlying resorts .	Bus is a popular choice of transportation for tourists on a free and easy itinerary .	0
i agree there	I agree with your point on that issue .	1
The merchants who established a foothold in Kobe included large numbers of Persians and Indian traders .	Persian and Indian traders were not welcome in Kobe .	2
Each individual program uses its own approach on its own timeline to serve its own purpose .	The different programs have their own timelines .	0
The Balanced Budget Act of 1997 requires that all proceeds from auctions be deposited in the U.S.	The Act is in place to protect U.S. interests .	1
He has served as President of the Hispanic National Bar Association , Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Philadelphia Bar Association and a member of the House of Delegates of the American Bar Association .	He has occupied important roles such as president and chairman in Bar Association organizations .	0
yeah i i i it 's silly i don 't i don 't think that we ought to be any different it causes a lot of problems a lot of times between uh different countries in their manufacturing stuff and	I don 't think there is any problem with it being different because it is so easy to convert .	2
She doesn 't look like one of the gang . " At one o 'clock Annette reappeared with another tray , but this time Conrad accompanied her .	Annie and Conrad appeared together at one o`clock .	0
what did you like to do most	What did you like to do most ?	0
i tell you what the uh the war started let 's see was it a Wednesday or Thursday must have been Thursday um and Friday night i was i stayed up until two o 'clock in the morning sitting right dead center in front of my television just watching practically with my mouth hanging open	I sat watching the war on television until the wee hours of the morning .	0
OSI investigations typically focus on allegations of corruption , fraud , misconduct , contract and procurement improprieties , conflicts of interest , and ethics violations in federal programs or activities .	Fraud accusations in federal programs are the type of subject matter that an OSI investigation might be focused on .	0
Genoese-born Giuseppe Mazzini 's Giovine Italia ( Young Italy ) movement sought national unity by popular-based insurrection .	The Giovine Italia movement sought to divide Italy .	2
It is the proper home for the country 's best museum , which is simply and aptly named the Indian Museum .	It is appropriate for the Indian Museum , the best museum in the country , to reside here .	0
With the hiring of three fulltime program counsel or analysts in the last six months , the state planning team is now fully staffed ( in terms of the 2001 budget ) .	Three full time program analysts were hired in the last six months .	0
Is that so ? " Tuppence nodded .	Tuppance asked if it was so .	0
After the disaster at Caporetto , the planned Austro-German 1917 advance across the Veneto plain was held until the Italian counterattack of October November 1918 permitted a triumphant entry into Trento and Trieste .	The Austro-German advance was delayed by the newly arrived enemy reinforcements on the front .	1
His own guys were falling asleep .	It had been a long day and his guys were tired .	1
And we can 't have the coffee that comes with our complimentary continental breakfast because they might have drawn the water first thing in the morning without letting the taps run for the two minutes required to flush the lead out of the pipes .	The free breakfast does not come with any drinks .	2
Oh , no , wait .	Hold on , wait !	0
Still , when problems crop up after the wedding , you can go to The Marriage Toolbox , which derides the outdated advice of yesteryear 's home-economics textbooks in favor of an online journaling technique that helps you release your inner kvetch .	You can use The Marriage Toolbox to help you get through post wedding issues .	0
The train tried for baroque , and ended up looking antique .	The train looked brand new .	2
He was standing hawklike on a slight rise in the sandy earth , motionless and silent .	He was staring off into the sunset .	1
yeah i i did it when i lived over there i did it quite often	I never did it .	2
Originally planned under Louis XV , and begun in 1764 , it wasn 't consecrated until 1842 .	They begun building in 1764 .	0
you can 't make parents be parents	You can 't make parents be parents because you don 't have an input on what they do .	1
Democrats should turn out smartly in New York City , helping Chuck Schumer unseat Sen.	Democrats are a majority in New York City .	1
The Washington Post says Clinton 's foreign travels will distract attention from the scandal .	The Washington Post says Clintons scandal will be overrun	0
The ratio of total debt payments to total income is a common measure of a household 's debt burden .	The ratio of total debt payments to total income isn 't considered when measuring a household 's debt burden .	2
The other , more careful than his foolish companion , grinned and closed slowly .	The careful one was grinning because he knew they had one the battle .	1
you know it was kind of a a brisk feeling outside but it wasn 't freezing the leaves were turning and now that part of a winter up there i could truly love but uh	I hated it when it was cold and the leaves were changing colors .	2
Gifts and celebrations on the last three days of the festival , called Eid El-Fitr .	The presents and reveling towards the festival 's end .	0
i don 't know because i know i don 't watch while i 'm up here at school i don 't watch hardly any TV like Thursday night i like to sit down and watch a few shows but other than that	I am not a big fan of television at all .	1
Spacious rooms with lanais face the beach and an atrium complex of gardens and pools in this posh resort , the Mauna Kea 's main rival .	The rooms have lanais that overlook the beach .	0
Rumpelstilsken , repair yourself ! There was a whirring and scraping inside the mechanism , and Hanson let out a yell .	Hanson yelled out for Rumpelstilsken .	0
To protect India 's border with China and put an end to the unrest over the Raja 's autocratic rule , the region of Sikkim was incorporated into the Indian Union in 1975 .	Before being incorporated into the Indian Union , the region of Sikkim experienced unrest over the Raja 's autocratic rule .	0
For Air LC / AO mail , the distribution for all shapes was used because inbound Air LC / AO contains all shapes .	Inbound Air LC / AO mails any shape .	0
I could .	I am able to .	0
yeah now we 've used a hair dryer before	We 've used a hair dryer to dry our clothes before .	1
uh-huh sure absolutely and there 's just you know the two of us my wife and i and it 's amazing how much stuff just just the two of us generate you know i can imagine a family of you know four or five	The city 's recycling program has really helped us cut down on the amount of trash we send off to landfills .	2
It seemed to stiffen slightly and become more thoughtful , but there was no disappointment .	It did not seem to be disappointed but it did stiffen slightly .	0
The Festival Fringe , perhaps Dr. Jekyll to the International Festival 's Mr. Hyde , is an umbrella title given to thousands of performances ranging from the avant-garde to the downright irreverent .	The Festival Fringe hosts off-beat performances .	0
This is due to the fact that a much larger percentage of U.S. revenue comes from undelivered mail .	Undelivered mail provides more revenue in the US than in other places .	0
Voluntary disclosures are rare and only in industries that demand this type of information .	It is very rare for a people to disclose voluntarily .	0
Southeast of town is Shiroyama Park , whose unlandscaped slopes covered with wildflowers have a pleasantly natural look and offer an extensive panorama of the town and the Japan Alps beyond .	The Japan Alps contain several peaks which rival the European Alps .	1
LSC also will develop systems for measuring the outcomes ( or benefits ) of the assistance that the programs provide to eligible clients .	Systems will be built to measure the benefits that clients receive from programs .	0
Tell you what , White .	I told White .	0
Memorandum to Jim DeMocker , Office of Air and Radiation , Office of Policy Analysis and Review , US Environmental Protection Agency , June 27 .	The memo was addressed to Jim DeLocker on September 27 .	2
yeah and either that or all either have also uh uh second shifts	Either that option or have second shifts .	0
you would hope so but	You would want that to be the case .	0
you know and so our part of it was still twenty percent but twenty percent i can payoff in one month whereas you know then i got to wait for the rest the rest of it to come back from Aetna but it basically floats	I am able to pay off the 20 % in as little as one month .	0
Working with grantees , LSC has developed and disseminated replicable models for the effective and efficient use of technology .	The LSC works alone to develop and disseminate replicable models in regards to technology .	2
Why was a senator from Kansas so interested in bananas ?	What is the reason the senator was so fascinated by bananas ?	0
And the reason why the rest of us sit in our armchairs and read about these accomplishments is because we wish we 'd done something as interesting with our time .	Most people wish they had accomplished something just as interesting in their lives .	0
I comprehend perfectly . 34 " You see , it is only suspicion so far .	I understand .	0
He had real skill .	He was very talented .	0
Out in the river are several islands and the largest one , Gezira , is home to one of Cairo 's most chic neighborhoods , Zamalek .	Zamalek has many restaurants and shops within it .	1
The most recent research has uncovered evidence supporting another hypothesis that an attack by invaders or rebel forces may have brought about the end of this fine culture .	An enemy attack might have destroyed this excellent culture .	0
If you 're a pessimist and don 't trust your future self to be frugal , then you might as well spend all your money today so it doesn 't fall into the hands of that future spendthrift .	If you don 't believe you 'll save your money in the future , you may as well blow it all now .	0
Three kinds of theories of history have been prominent in recent discussion--ending theories , wave theories , and cycle theories .	There are only four different theories on history .	2
A postal service that is below breakeven will be less attractive to cream skimmers than otherwise .	A postal service below breakeven will be more attractive to cream skimmers .	2
to decide	To kill .	2
No doubt the fellow was very useful to her .	He has a variety of skills she lacks .	1
right right well i i work on GM cars only and i haven 't noticed that that much usually the metrics will fit they 're so close there 's an overlap	I work mostly on GM cars haven 't haven 't noticed it much .	0
yes in in homicides related to other than i guess what are called uh crimes of passion uh for example you know as you as you very well know the great majority of homicides are people murdering other people they know mostly people they know	I 've been informed of quite a few more cases of someone being killed who knew their killer than who didn 't .	1
our taste there to make uh you know our children not be exposed to so many negative negative things so early in life	Our kids have seen everything so far .	2
From Islam he took the idea of one God , but refused any such specific conception as Allah .	He didn 't take any ideas from Islam .	2
Leave it to the Globe to conclude , JFK Jr , Slashed !	JFK Jr was silent .	2
Now he fired them into the mass of Sticks that continued to charge up the trail .	He shot at the Sticks that were approaching .	0
And when it stumbles onto a good subject for a series , like Ken Burns ' history of baseball , it turns the show into a seminar on racism and labor relations , not the hit-and-run and the spitball .	The show strictly discusses technical issues in sports .	2
For the first time then he did see a flicker in Shannon 's eyes .	He had never seen a flicker of doubt in Shannon 's eyes until now .	1
Does anyone know where it is ?	Is there someone that has knowledge of its taste ?	2
They ruled the 79 towns of medieval Provence and their impregnable fortress became a center of courtly love prized by traveling troubadours .	79 towns were ruled by them and their fortress become beloved .	0
But I have no doubt that they 're coming .	I am certain that they are coming .	0
Forced by a cruel publishing house to give up her last , cherished family jewel at a fire-sale price .	Her outstanding debt may have been the driving force behind the publishing house forcing her to sell her expensive family heirloom .	1
oh goodness yeah yeah exactly exactly	I agree completely .	0
i think that 's mine	I think that 's yours .	2
Its most famous exhibits are the wonderful 15th-century tapestries , including the Lady with the Unicorn .	The lady and the Unicorn was created in th 18th century .	2
His father , Hirohito , was until 1946 considered a divinity , the living descendant of the gods that created Japan ( or ancient Yamato , as it is more evocatively known ) .	No one thought Hirohito was a god in Japan or anywhere else .	2
Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland , July 2000 .	The bank was founded when Cleveland was a small city .	1
yeah that sounds familiar	I am not familiar with that .	2
what a a week i think we here at TI get a total of eleven a year	TI usually gets a total of eleven of them a year .	0
The sandy beaches and yachting harbors of Port 'Ercole and Porto Santo Stefano are favorite weekend destinations for well-heeled Romans ( with a growing international presence ) , but they 're much quieter during the week .	The harbors and beaches are favorite places for Romans .	0
His career took the shape of a palindrome .	He began his career as a door-to-door Bible salesman .	1
The Marquas de Pombal supervised the city 's reconstruction , redesigning it according to a geometric grid of broad avenues .	The Marquas de Pombal supervised the city being reconstructed .	0
It allowed senior management to emphasize the most important elements of information security policy , provided some flexibility to unit managers , made policies easier for employees to understand , and , in some cases , reduced the amount of formal review needed to finalize updated policies .	It made things easier and more convenient all around .	0
yeah i i always wondered about that myself	I always wondered about that myself since I was about 6 or 7 years old .	1
What if he was bringing danger to his town instead of salvation ?	What if it was war he was bringing and not salvation ?	1
I 'd worry more about The Rage : Carrie 2 , which mixes righteous indignation with pornographic violence in a school setting .	The Rage : Carrie 2 has caused many nightmares .	1
This program should be expanded , perhaps with incentives for police to live in the neighborhoods they patrol full time .	Police might be encouraged to live where they work .	0
In fact , ground beef isn 't the fastest-growing source of E. coli .	Pork is the fastest growing source of e coli .	1
In the first flush of dictatorship as First Consul , he established the Banque de France , created state-run lyc ? ? es ( high schools ) , and gave the country its first national set of laws , the Code Napol ? ? on .	The dictator reformed various parts of the country .	0
yeah yeah but uh there 's a lot of parity now compared to what it used to be	There is a lot more parity now .	0
Shannon was supposed to have ridden south on the Range , not north .	Shannon rode north on the Range instead of south .	0
To avoid the steep climb up the hill beyond the Galata Bridge take the Tenel , the world 's oldest ( and probably shortest ) underground railway , built in 1875 .	The Tenel is the newest railway in the world .	2
you know it 's just convincing your husband that 's important or that that that it 's important enough for him to do it because if he saw mom	your husband might not want to do it at first , until you convince him	1
In 1950 the city established a Military Tattoo at the same time as the Festival , and the two have now become an inseparable combination .	Since 1950 the Festival has been combined with a Military Tattoo .	0
The Grand Canal was begun in 1755 .	It took 20 years in order to build the Grand Canal so it could open in 1755 .	1
Their study covered 86 of the 156 Class I areas in the U.S.	Their study covered every Class I area .	2
Entrance to the Diwan-i-Khas ( Hall of Private Audience ) was for the privileged , by ticket only .	One needed to be very influential to be allowed in the Diwan-i-Khas .	1
Slate , where my daughter Karenna worked in ' 96 and ' 97 .	My daughter was employed at Slate for a couple years .	0
Here in Canada .	Inside of Canada .	0
but i don 't get a lot of magazines i don 't get a i don 't buy the newspaper but i do have a lot of uh my trash has a lot of tin cans and a lot of cardboard a lot of different papers and cardboards	I 'm not good about recycling the tin cans .	1
Also , " he added placidly , " I should not allow it ! "	I don 't care what happens .	2
Would Shuger ever have Why did Irving Goldberg play ' Sol Bernstein ' ?	I wonder why Irvin Goldberg hasn 't played ' Sol Bernstein ' .	2
Impact of screening	The screening is thorough .	1
( without fringe benefits ) was $ 24,076 for full-time U.S. workers in that year .	Fringe benefits are included .	2
The Tropicana in Santiago de Cuba ( Autopista Nacional km 1.5 , with signs from Plaza de la Revolucien ; Tel . 4-3036 ) fills an enormous , recently constructed complex on the city 's northern outskirts .	The Tropicana in Santiago de Cuba is located north of the city away from the hustle and bustle in the heart of Cuba .	1
okay talk about it but can 't do anything about it uh okay	We can do all sorts of things about it .	2
But employers on the panel scuttled all concrete measures to return choice to consumers .	Employers scuttled to return choice to consumers .	0
Men such as Governor-General William Bentinck worked with missionaries and reformers such as Brahman Ram Mohan Roy to legislate against the practice of widows becoming sati by climbing onto the funeral pyres of their respective husbands .	Widows were becoming sati .	0
I was amused to notice that he stowed away the used matches most carefully in a little china pot .	I was amused that he hid the matches .	0
The sound of trickling water made him turn and see Adrin urinating near by .	The men were close to each other .	1
that doesn 't uh that doesn 't that situation doesn 't sit around and develop very long	That type of situation moves very quickly .	0
thirty day notice for what	in thirty days I 'm moving elsewhere	1
News accounts agree that Arafat has finally shed his image as a terrorist and is now being honored by the White House not only as a virtual head of state but as the indispensable player in the peace process .	Arafat is still a terrorist and hates everything to do with america	2
If you have any questions , please call me at ( 202 ) 512-3317 , or you may e mail me at daceyr @ gao.gov.	There isn 't currently a way to contact me other than sending me a fax .	2
My cousin didn 't think so .	My cousin had misgivings about it .	1
After reconstruction , the hotel still attracts VIPs from all over the world .	The hotel location used to be a burial ground for important religious figures .	1
and the reason that i stayed at the school i did was because at Evanston township which back then was like one of the three larger schools in the country	I left the school because it was so big .	2
I will show yooooouuuuuu ! Edward cried out deep inside his soul with a battle cry of a future victor , and his emotions manifested themselves physiologically through the dilation of his left pupil by 6 percent. and a very quiet , nasal ' oouuu ' .	Edward cried that he would show the people where he had hid it .	1
In performing this study , we conducted extensive research and identified three federal agencies , three state governments , three foreign countries , and three private sector companies that took actions that they considered effective in reducing improper payments in their programs .	We conducted research and found some groups that were effective in reducing improper payments .	0
How did you know ? I whispered .	I whispered to the person.who was standing in the room .	1
We might shadow several noncompetitive procurements , following their life history from initiation through actual awards , sitting in on meetings , and studying , over time , how the awards were handled .	We will not shadow several noncompetitive procurements .	2
yeah uh-huh that 's exactly it see we do the same thing since Galen goes to nursery school we pay our our home care provider for our day care provider full time for a whole week but she she 's gone three mornings Galen just doesn 't go there three mornings a week but i said to her i said you know it doesn 't matter if	The daycare provider cost the family an additional twenty thousand a year .	1
Leaders are held accountable for progress in meeting goals that ensure our programs and state justice communities are diverse throughout , maintaining a glittering mosaic .	Maintaining diversity is not something that we have among our goals .	2
The ossuary , now a chapel , is late Renaissance in the very elaborate Breton manner ' with Corinthian columns , lanterns , niches , and caryatids .	The chapel is cute and elaborately decorated .	1
It was to represent a line of thought , not a personal attack on Bob Bork 's book .	It was clearly a personal attack on the author , Bob Bork .	2
'Just a few words , Mr. Franklin-'	I don 't need many words , sir .	0
Their step-mother , however , had always been most generous to them ; indeed , they were so young at the time of their father 's remarriage that they always thought of her as their own mother .	Their step mother was thought of as their actual mother .	0
because of the winters winters i kind of miss winter since it it didn 't do anything down here this winter	There was no snow this winter here .	1
yeah they 're they 're lean-to 's they 're um yeah they 're pretty nice they 're they 're uh	The people always give me fruit cake for christmas .	1
Having lost the use of his left arm in warding off the machete attack during a robbery attempt , Joseph said he found it increasingly difficult to negotiate the five flights of stairs lugging groceries or laundry on the frequent occasions when the building 's elevator was out of order .	It was difficult for Joseph to carry things upstairs after he lost the use of his left arm .	0
The actual costs of health care are not transparent , and third-party payers generally insulate consumers from the cost of health care decisions .	Third party payers often prevent consumers from experiences the actual costs of health care .	0
In a year dominated by generic acts and studio creations ( Robert Hilburn , the Los Angeles Times ) , critics declare Bob Dylan 's comeback album Time Out of Mind and diva Erykah Badu 's debut Baduizm the best of the bunch .	Bob Dylan 's comeback album included two songs featuring guest artists .	1
Recognizing that Japanese business is not down for the count--and remembering the role it played in getting us to where we are--is a necessary step toward a saner appraisal of where this economy might be going .	Recognizing Japanese business isn 't down for the count , and remembering its role in getting us where we are is key in understanding this economy .	0
Rural vehicle cost per box or possible delivery is twice the average city carrier vehicle cost per possible delivery .	This disparity between prices has not always existed , but rather developed over time .	1
The town cannot be defended , said San 'doro .	San 'doro said the town was safe .	2
Drop me in the park , will you ?	You have to take me directly to my house .	2
yeah although i guess it 's your you want them to rehabilitate and become better rather than sitting in there and being a drain all the time	I suppose you wouldn 't want them to be a drain forever .	0
no you can 't do very much on them right right um well it 's just that you have to have uh you have to be able to get your program in and and many many of the programs are so big	You can 't do much on them .	0
Technology grants assisted implementation of state plans .	Technology allows assistance in state plans	0
yeah that 's right and they probably will soon so	Correct , and soon they might .	0
Addiction is a disease , not a moral failing .	Addiction is a major problem for the youth .	1
An additional reporting standard for financial audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS	There are no explicit standards for financial audits carried out in accordance with GAGAS .	2
The on-premises bindery repairs and restores old books and manuscripts .	There 's no way to restore these ancient books .	2
But in the first place we have only her word for it , since it was she who tried that particular door and reported it fastened .	She is the only person who knows whether or not the door was locked .	0
He winked at me knowingly .	He winked at me like he understood .	0
The Commission also rejected a proposal that stations consult with educational experts in order for a program to qualify as core programming .	The decision of the Commission will be appealed shortly .	1
Behind the strong , plain , painted doors , many successful bankers increased the wealth of their trusting investors .	Behind the thin glass doors , many successful bankers have worked to increase the wealth of their investors .	2
With appropriate notice to the Board and LSC grant recipients , LSC 's President may change or alter this Protocol as circumstances warrant .	LCS 's President gave the Board appropriate notice .	0
No , said Tuppence .	Tuppence said no .	0
On January 3 , 1997 , FDA published a summary of its Initial Regulatory Impact Analysis in the preamble to the proposed rule ( 62 Fed .	The preamble of the proposed rule contained a summary .	0
Two attitudes to recklessness and excessive caution .	Two mindsets to carelessness and excessive caution .	0
Who was wrong about Kosovo ?	I am not interested in knowing who was incorrect about Kosovo .	2
But Garry Wills says in the New York Review of Books that [ i ] n his mad zeal to destroy Camelot ...	Gary Wills is a writer in the New York Review of Books .	0
Soon , the spa experienced a flood of clients eager for new sensations .	The spa got a lot of business .	0
It provides the evidence , of whatever type and detail , that is needed for assessing this claim .	It provides evidence needed for assessing this claim	0
Then there are the legitimate programs that have been infected with subprograms called viruses . Viruses are crafty things that are cleverly ( if perversely ) designed to replicate themselves whenever their host program is run .	Viruses can infect legitimate programs and replicate themselves when they are run .	0
uh-huh how did you get involved	You were never involved , right ?	2
Ashoka 's Empire	The empire of Ashoka .	0
Four : The Second Night	The fight was dragging into the fifth night .	2
it 's the honor system i know it 'll be an interesting experiment to see how	It 'll be interesting to see how the honor system works .	0
yeah it was it was really nice we 've got some nice uh uh Persian carpets that we still have	Yes we acquired some Persian carpets it was great .	0
yeah she got married	Yes , she was married .	0
In part due to GAO 's work and leadership , the Congress passed a series of laws designed to improve the management and performance of government ,	No laws were passed .	2
Politics has become entertainment , a political consultant shrugged to the Associated Press .	A political consultant shared his view on what politics has evolved into .	0
We don 't want to shoot him , but it may be necessary .	We may have to shoot him because he will not stop talking .	1
This is the type of lie--if it is , indeed , a lie--that we seem to be encountering most frequently these days .	The lie is not a lie .	1
What money ?	What money do you mean ?	0
Create business , lead the estimating and budgeting process eee forecasts , develop schedules	Those are all the things you need to do if you want to own a business .	1
How would you like to have a lawyer for six months ?	Would you be interested in having a lawyer for the next half a year ?	0
Indeed , Banks has written a useful survey of African-American scholars and writers and the ways in which they have worked throughout the history of the republic .	Banks often enjoys reading pieces about African-American history , but is not a writer himself .	2
She noted that primary care studies and Ed Bernstein 's ED project do give us experience with non-injured patients .	Primary care studies are not useful when it comes to non-injured patients .	2
An ' th ' spit-an ' -polish officers what come from eastward they 's got t ' larn that .	There are police officers .	0
Martinez works two jobs as a physician 's assistant and supports his elderly parents and 8-year-old son .	Martinez plans to quit one of his physician 's assistant jobs once he has more funds .	1
In his study of adolescents , he saw a decrease in drinking among all groups .	His study involved punishing the adolescents severely if he suspected they had been drinking .	1
all righty we 'll we 'll talk to you later bye-bye	Ok we will speak to you at a later stage .	0
Evelyn Howard had been right then , and I experienced a sharp twinge of disgust , as I thought of Alfred Inglethorp 's liberality with another woman 's money .	I was upset when I thought about Alfred spending another man 's money .	2
Here the windows and open doors of the shops reveal an alluring selection of Asian furniture , carpets , carvings , tomb figures , porcelain , and bronze .	There are no furniture shops nor carpet shops in the area .	2
The point is that you are not merely slicing up the same pie--you are increasing the size of the pie .	A pie 's size may be increased if you eat the slices you make .	2
Paul Gigot and Mark Shields ( both of PBS 's NewsHour With Jim Lehrer ) say that the poll doesn 't The campaign-finance issue is merely a prop for McCain 's better selling points--his biography and his character .	McCain 's biography and character are considered to be some of his weakest attributes .	2
" Suppose I said yes if the fees were some of the foals of my own choosing , suh ? " Drew asked .	Drew asked if he was the one who caused it to happen because he wasn 't sure .	1
South of the imposing Place de la Bourse , the old Quartier Saint-Pierre around the church of the same name is a masterpiece of urban renewal .	Quartier Saint-Pierre was built before the church of the same name .	1
a viewing format more or less	Pretty much a format that enables watching .	0
The action sent pain running through him , but he stood it somehow .	The action caused him no pain at all .	2
Agencies that expect their employees to take greater responsibility and be held accountable for results must ensure that the employees have the training and tools they need to fulfill these expectations .	Throwing employees to the wolves is the best way to ensure they will be accountable for results .	2
This act , called puja , may consist of placing a small dish of oil , grains of rice , or flower petals at an altar in the home , at a temple , or a tree , stone , or other place sacred to the spirits .	Puja is a form of sacrifice to the gods .	0
This area is partly the present-day Arab village of Silwan and partly open to the public as an archaeological park .	The park has a lot of archaeologically significant items .	1
In Disney 's Tarzan film , nature is feminine and civilization masculine .	The apes also express feminty in Tarzan .	1
well you know it 's interesting what they 've been what they have what has really caught on here is mall walking	Lots of seniors are now walking in the malls .	1
In effect , he suggests the government purchase reproductive rights , at least for a limited time .	He suggests that the government should purchase reproductive rights .	0
OTHER POSTEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS ( OPEB ) - Forms of benefits provided to former or inactive employees , their beneficiaries , and covered dependents outside pension or ORB plans .	There are benefits supplied to former employees .	0
oh my muscles are horrible that 's the main reason i really ought to be doing something like that because mine 's not so so much uh weight i mean i have i i if i had lost if i lost ten pounds i 'd think of myself as nice and thin but uh most of it is just you know it 's just in bad shape	Their muscles are in great shape and they lost ten pounds , making them feel nice and thin .	2
i haven 't seen that no	No , I have not seen that .	0
They also are identified with designs that are nonexperimental in the sense that the investigator is not deliberately manipulating some variable to see its possible effects on the system being studied .	The variables are all manipulated so we can see what happens .	2
she 's a mess	She looks messy .	0
But when her web of lies begins to unravel and he calls her pretty bird , she rolls her eyes in a gesture at once accepting of his flattery , aware of her deceit , and resentful of his condescension .	He told her all of the lies she told .	2
LSC is committed to effective communication and coordination with designated state planning bodies ( DSPB ) on matters in which decisions are likely to have a direct impact on other civil equal justice planning initiatives in a state .	LSC struggles to maintain effective communication with state planning bodies .	1
The agency initially solicited comments for a 90-day period ending July 17 , 1996 .	90-day period for comments was never solicited by the agency .	2
yeah that 's yeah right common sense has to has to set in some place it 's just like uh uh organized crime now they know all these people they know that the the leaders of organized crime and all that sort of stuff why can 't they do something about it because they can 't if they if they tape something they can 't they can 't bring it into the court as as evidence and they know they just had this uh i don 't know if it 's been in your newspapers but um the guy that got out of prison here to go to a mafia um swearing in ceremony and they got uh uh somebody and i 'm not sure who who it was what organization what law enforcement agency they got a movable bug a a a court order for a movable bug which means that you can take it any place and put it any where	They know the leaders of organized crime so why don 't they stop them ?	0
I wasn 't going to lose him that way should he do any straying , accidental or intentional . " Don Cazar laughed .	I will not lose him in that fashion if he happens to stray regardless if it was an accident or intentional .	0
i 'm really am interested in getting most of the incumbents out	I want to remove the incumbents .	0
But , say , can 't you shed that British calm of yours , and get down to it ?	Shouldn 't you be less hysterical and relax for a while ?	2
Hardened and bitter , in search of a scapegoat , they occasionally lashed out at the weak .	They had come to terms with it and looked for no one to blame .	2
These observations apply , though in somewhat altered form , even since the	The observations are slightly altered but still apply .	0
In the 1930s a small group of Depression-era farmers gathered here , in what was then a field at the edge of town , to sell produce directly to the people .	There was a small group of farmers that gathered .	0
A Profit Maximizer maximizes the amount of money it has .	Money is maximized in a Profit Maximizer .	0
oh you 're in school	Oh , you are out of school .	2
Under a multipollutant control scenario , mercury emissions would be controlled from coal-fired power plants by equipment that reduces emissions of other pollutants ( e.g.	Mercury emissions will be controlled .	1
yeah we get something on the door about every week	We throw out everything that gets put on our door .	1
His rapier had disappeared until Barik turned and Ca 'daan saw the shining silver hilt protruding out of Barik 's chest .	Barik was safe !	2
Accounting for Direct Loans and Loan Guarantees	There is no way to account for any kind of loan .	2
Critics complain that the musical fails to deliver the extravagant sets and staging they 've come to expect from theatrical blockbusters .	There are some critical voices who say that the musical fell short of expectations .	0
Around Jalan d 'Albuquerque and Dataran Portugis ( Portuguese Square ) , the houses look no different from those in the rest of Melaka , but you may hear snatches of Cristao , a 16th-century Portuguese dialect , and mothers calling out to Afonso , Luis , or Filomena .	The people who live around the Portuguese square are no different from those anywhere else .	2
The rise of black urban politics destroyed the big city machines the Mafia once depended upon to carry out its rackets .	The Mafia is now all but wiped out .	1
well that 's why i started what i did i think i went into teaching	That 's why I went into teaching .	0
Click on the British flag for an English version of the site .	There is an English version of the website .	0
Fines and penalties produced by an entity 's operations--such as inspections to ensure compliance with Federal law and with regulations that are the responsibility of the entity ( e.g.	50 % of inspections result in fines and / or penalties .	1
We 're adding new diagnostic procedures each day .	Diagnostic procedures are being added every day .	0
What 's the world of a mandrake-man , Sather Karf ?	Sather Karf replied that he did not know .	1
Mr. Inglethorp and Miss Howard . She looked at me in rather a disconcerting manner .	She would not dare look at me .	2
yeah yeah we live out in the country so what do you have	We have always lived in the middle of the city .	2
This rule , promulgated by an independent regulatory agency , is not subject to the review requirements of Executive Order 12866 .	This rule is subject to the review requirement of the Executive Order .	2
She may have thought , however , that she was giving him another chance and that he was promising , in exchange , to do better .	She believed he would do better but he had no intention to .	1
We must break in the door .	The door needn 't be broken .	2
yes they do i noticed that they 're really putting in small back yards because they have these most of the houses have the alleys that run behind	In addition to small yards , they do not have fences .	1
and uh you you were just up there then huh	You were just up there on the mountain .	1
'What 's Stage Two ? '	The first stage .	2
well i don 't know um there 's there 's a part of me that says that you know i 'm i 'm sort of glad Strawberry went away	The person says that a part of them is glad that Strawberry went away .	0
This is actually a huge crater ( makhtesh in Hebrew ) , said to be the largest of its kind in the world , measuring 40 km ( 24 miles ) by 9 km ( 51.2 miles ) , and resembling a crosebetween the Grand Canyon in America and a giant pitted moonscape .	The crater is small , about one mile in diameter .	2
But if it 's at all possible , plan your visit for the spring , autumn , or even the winter , when the big sightseeing destinations are far less crowded .	One should avoid visiting in the winter because that is the busiest time of the year .	2
5 billion in cuts over five years .	The 5 billion in cuts were made all in one year .	2
And a player to be named later .	The player will be named later .	0
The museum is housed in what was the Penang Free School .	The museum showcases historical artifacts .	1
Some people say you can test the authenticity by touch real jade feels smooth and cool .	There are plenty of knock offs so it is imperative to test for authenticity .	1
By consuming the media , it has overshadowed and smothered more dangerous anti-McCain stories .	The anti-McCain stories were taken out of the spotlight as a result .	0
That was some fun watching how the giant two-headed lizard 's constant bickering among itself eventually led to its extinction , a lesson for us all and especially for my Uncle Morty and Aunt Bernice .	No one could learn any lessons from watching that lizard argue with itself .	2
Adrin 's gaze never left the bald man .	The bald man was getting ready to attack Adrin .	1
However , the success of many of these efforts depends , in part , on an organization 's ability to protect the integrity , confidentiality , and availability of the data and systems it relies on .	Organizations generally do a good job of maintaining data and systems , but this is not relevant to the success of its efforts .	2
The crowd went silent again as they heard the chain straining .	The chain was straining .	0
This was the state of the industry when the Mac was born .	The industry allowed for the Mac to be created .	0
they would	They wouldn 't	2
Hippocrates believed the answer was in the balance of four bodily fluids , or humors--blood , black bile , phlegm , and yellow bile .	Hippocrates believed that the answer was in the relationship between fluids of the body .	0
We can fix this . ' 	The car can be fixed .	1
The remaining 20 lawyers work either in the LSNY central office or in the two programs it directly one for the elderly and the other for the poor in the Williamsburg and Brighton Beach sections of Brooklyn .	There are many central offices in Brooklyn and almost all of them are staffed by lawyers .	1
But they are not good reasons to tout them as cures--or even as safe .	Those aren 't good reasons to promote them as safe .	0
The experiment lasted only until Ahkenaten 's death when almost all records relating to the King were destroyed .	The records involving the King were detailed and the experiment was successful while it lasted .	1
But the Stone of Destiny was returned to Scottish soil in 1996 700 years after it had been taken south by the English .	The Stone of Destiny was returned by the English people in July 1996 .	1
Some 200 km ( 124 miles ) west of the capital by road and half an hour by air , Pokhara is a major staging point for treks and one of the fastest-growing cities in the country .	Pokhara is east of the capital .	2
Six of us cannot defeat them .	Six of us cannot defeat them but we will try .	1
Hello Severn , said Ca 'daan .	Ca 'daan shouted at Severn as he approached .	1
The ring negates all other magic trying to pass it .	The ring negates magic .	0
right down this year that 's a toss up between uh the Giants with them trying to repeat	The Giants are probably going to win .	1
Resources , protocols and guidelines for conducting meaningful statewide needs assessment .	The assessment is to be handled by our industry professional experts .	1
The popular rhythms are a unique mixture of Spanish and African influences , though the instruments traditionally used have antecedents going back further than the Spanish colonial and African slave imports .	The music has Spanish and African influences , but the instruments used precede the arrival of the Spanish and Africans .	0
He had made a most remarkable recovery , and Nema didn 't even seem surprised .	Nema didn 't seem perturbed about the extent of his recovery .	0
In this group , it 's common for moms to march into school at the beginning of the year and obtain several months ' worth of assignments in advance so their children can get a head start .	Moms here are very laid back and don 't concern themselves with their children 's school work .	2
oh yeah flex time is great	Flex time is really nice .	0
The mountain men also have their own dances .	The mountain men have dances that no one else is aware of .	1
It worried me just a little , for it suggested the possibility that there might be further arrests to come .	It didn 't phase me that more arrests would be happening .	2
well i 've i 've lost most of my hair so that 's no real problem	I 'm lost most of my hair so swimming isn 't really a problem .	1
For retirement health care benefits , neither the employees nor the employer entity make any contributions while the employee is working .	Every employees , by law , is supposed to have retirement health care benefits .	1
important issues such as a you know taxes and	Only the issues that don 't matter .	2
just let me see what i got i got the peas and i 've got some broccoli uh onions some some radishes and uh uh beets	I have a variety of different vegetables .	0
To overcome this obstacle , most of the organizations required members to sign confidentiality or informationsharing agreements .	Organization members feel safer for having signed confidentiality agreements .	1
But monuments at Kamakura and Nikko still bear testimony to the region 's history .	Most of the monuments at Nikko are religious in character .	1
let me see let me see one movie i saw i guess it was a while back Red October have you seen that one	You have not seen the movie Red October .	1
a 2214 , which requires the Commission to recover from its applicants and licensees approximately 100 percent of its budget authority less amounts appropriated from the Nuclear Waste Fund .	A very large amount of the commission 's budget goes towards the Nuclear Waste fund .	1
, smoking-related disease ) and the difference in the effect size between chronic exposure studies and daily mortality studies suggest that all incidences of premature mortality reduction associated with a given incremental change in PM exposure probably would not occur in the same year as the exposure reduction .	It is obvious that a change in mortality reduction always results from an immediate reduction in PM exposure in the same year .	2
His name , SCOTTY , would be in green letters beneath the planet .	His name was in red letters below the mountain .	2
Key features are the horseshoe-shaped staircase ( Escalier du Fer- ? -Cheval ) at the end of the stately Cour du Cheval Blanc ; the Renaissance ballroom whose ornate ceiling is reflected in the parquet floor ; and the allegorical paintings in the Galerie Francois Ier .	You can see the reflection of the ornate ceiling in the floor of the Renaissance ballroom .	0
Investors generally try to achieve some balance in the allocation of their portfolios , and U.S. assets already represent a significant share of foreign portfolios .	Investors try to achieve some diversity in their portfolios .	0
Aggregate household wealth in 2000 declined for the first time since data were available in 1945 .	A major economic downturn and falling house prices were responsible for the decline .	1
Fair enough , the consortium says .	The consortium believed this was wholly unacceptable .	2
This is the old farmer 's market ( mercado payes ) where friendly fruit , vegetable , and flower sellers set up their stands .	The old farmer 's market consists of individual stores in the form of a small makeshift stand , each manned by only one seller .	1
It 's true that many , many Jews will be killed .	Bernie Sanders spared all the Jews when he was made president through revolution .	2
Then he nodded his head vigorously , acknowledging the shouts from his enthusiastic supporters .	His supporters shouted and clapped .	1
Corporate lawyers received brush-up training from the [ City Bar ] , and a given firm without certain expertise felt free to call on another firm that had it .	Brush up training from city bar is given to the lawyers .	0
With a stride , the doctor reached the bed , and seizing her arms worked them energetically , applying what I knew to be 26 artificial respiration .	She didn 't need oxygen .	2
The use of computerized , tailored messaging represents an important technique to provide targeted , individualized feedback to patients considered most open to change messages .	There is an advantage to providing tailored meaning to patients who are most open to change messages .	0
To supplement our work looking at leading organizations , we identified and reviewed a large body of literature on management reform , strategic planning , and performance measurement .	We reviewed 2000 pages of literature on management reform .	1
He also said that if this type of legislation is not feasible , the Association 's members would like to be able to use their frequent flyer miles to upgrade to business class on long flights .	The members of the Association don 't travel by airplane .	2
He would never be like them , killers and soldiers .	He was too peaceful to be a killer or a solider .	1
In April 2001 , the Director of Congressional Affairs for the Foreign Service Officers Association told us that the Association would support legislation that would allow federal employees to keep for personal use frequent flyer miles earned on official travel .	The Director of Congressional Affairs for the Foreign Service Officers Association averages 6 plane flights per week .	1
uh-huh i 'd never heard them before until i went in a music store and you know how you put the headphones on and listen to it and i just i heard a piece and it was just so wonderful and then even my eleven year old boy loves to listen to it	My eleven year old boy loved the piece we heard in the music store .	0
and then they 're treated rotten the actual Native Americans the Indians well they 've got they they 've got the worst deal around	The Native Americans were always treated well .	2
Because I believe that it is better to be an active member who tries to make needed and constructive changes from the inside rather than voting with my feet and simply walking away .	It is better to stay on the inside and fight for change .	0
The latter turned to Tommy .	Tommy found the latter turning to him .	0
Ca 'daan saw both love and sadness in Jon 's eyes .	Jon was torn over losing his mother .	1
'Many grand things .	A lot of great things .	0
Morrison at first disliked the film , but she is now a fan .	Morrisons till dislikes the film .	2
There are pieces by Matisse , Magritte , Mir ? ? , and Hockney .	Magritte 's artwork was not on display	2
Somewhat nervously , I stayed behind .	I moved ahead confidently and went straight into the heat of things .	2
The final rule withdraws both exemptions and introduces three limited exemptions for permissible payments by employers to bona fide employees .	They opted for PayPal since it was quick and easy .	2
uh-huh well that 's tremendous that it 's good because it does make you think about your own family	It makes you reflect on personal stuff .	0
Then what would he want it for ?	What would he want the core computer for ?	1
He already faces a court fight over whether he has unlawfully leaked grand jury information to reporters .	He will not go to court about the grand jury leaks .	2
Time , agreeing that the team has boosted its negotiating leverage , beams , Welcome to the big time , ladies .	Its negotiating leverage has increased by 10 % in over a year .	1
Liberals and child advocates can now explain , as conservatives have before them , that social policy isn 't about enforcing officially approved choices .	Liberals said social policy isnt about enforcement .	0
Well , edit for heaven 's sake .	Do not edit !	2
And We 're boycotting not just hoops shoes , but running shoes , hiking boots , sweatpants , socks .	We 're only boycotting hoops shoes and socks , not running shoes , hiking boots , or sweatpants .	2
Bad guests	Lovable guests	2
And that was officially it .	That was all it took .	0
Internally , Customs anticipated that as public pressures to reduce the federal deficit continued , no real growth would occur in the agency 's funding .	Customs thought the funding might be totally stagnant .	1
you 're just always used to men i mean that 's just something that men always did	It has always been traditionally men doing it .	0
Kenneth Starr and his deputies interrogated Hillary Clinton for several hours at the White House .	Starr was never allowed to speak to Hillary Clinton .	2
when you hear about all the horrible things that happen in day care centers have you ever noticed they 're always like a family owned center where the mother and the daughter and the son run it you know kind of thing i mean it 's it 's a	I 've never heard of anything bad happening in family owned daycares .	2
and i 've got a piece of property in Minnesota that is completely undeveloped as of yet there 's uh there 's a little lake up there and uh a group of friends that i i went to college with um got together and we basically own all the land around this little lake there it 's divided up into ten lots	My college friends and I purchased a big swathe of land around a lake in Minnesota .	0
Ca 'daan had known why he had asked these men and women to do battle for Fena Dim , but to see the results here frightened him .	Ca 'daan was scared when he saw the result of the battle .	0
In five years , the General built new roads , created a royal postal service , and set the pattern of Mughal administration for the next two centuries before dying in battle and leaving the throne to a number of inept successors and , eventually , the return of Humayun .	In five years , the general built roads , created the postal service , and set the pattern of the administration before dying .	0
my friend talked me in that i 'm a real um scaredy when it comes to heights but once we got on top of the rocks it was quite	I loved climbing the rocks but my friend didn 't .	2
He tried to reach for his glasses to adjust them .	He had to adjust his glasses .	0
To ensure top quality representation , legal workers need ongoing training in new and complex areas of law .	Quality will be improved through training .	1
They still maintain their own individual charms and are certainly an important element in Edinburgh 's continuing appeal .	The group both maintains their individual charms and are key to the appeal of Edinburgh .	0
and i get to toting around boxes of documents several times a day it always seems like i 'm doing that and i can 't see getting dressed up and wearing heels and stuff when you have to carry you know boxes of documents around so if i 'm just gonna be there working in the litigation center and doing you know odds and ends and stuff with the boxes of documents i dress down but if we 're going to have a meeting where we 're having the attorneys come in or people from uh other party 's attorneys and stuff then i normally dress up yeah and i 'll wear a dress and hose and stuff	I do not get around to toting any boxes .	2
The first row shows the bill / payment mail that comes from the HH-to-NHH ( Household-to-Non-household ) sector .	Household to nonhousehold mail is found in row 1 .	0
In the Assembly building for parliament , the Secretariat administrative block , the vaulted High Court , and the smaller Governor 's Residence , you can see huge slabs of concrete like weathered granite from the nearby mountains .	Most of the important buildings in town are constructed from these huge slabs of concrete .	1
3 . Worst / Best Films of 1999	! 995 's best / worst films .	2
Suazo 's district and is a project of the state 's leading providers of free civil legal services to lower-income individuals and families -- the Disability Law Center , the Legal Aid Society of Salt Lake and Utah Legal Services .	The Disability Law Center helps lower-income people who need to be represented in civil court .	1
I will arrive at ten .	I will get there at ten and seven seconds .	1
Penguin , which holds the U.S. copyright on the original Pooh books , has published black-and-white Pooh books , color Pooh books , miniature Pooh storybooks , Pooh in Latin ( Winnie ille Pu ) , Pooh for New Agers ( The Tao of Pooh and its companion volume , The Te of Piglet ) , and even Pooh for managers .	Penguin has published a lot of Pooh storybooks .	0
The commission said it did not comment on draft reports .	The commission released a lengthy comment .	2
uh Silence of The Lambs tonight	Silence of the Lambs tonight .	0
The Administrator will promulgate regulations to allow use of any banked pre-2009 sulfur dioxide allowances in the new nationwide sulfur dioxide program .	Pre-2009 banked sulfur dioxide is completely regulated now .	1
The Company Man has been replaced by a fiercely independent gang of free agents , new nomads , and globalists , who write their own job descriptions , schedules , and rules .	The Company Man is the monopoly , currently .	2
She usually did lock it at night .	At night she would usually have it locked .	0
yeah yeah it does how how long have you been in this house	This sounds like a lovely house .	1
Auditors should consider the significance of a program or program component and the potential use that will be made of the audit results or report as they plan a performance audit .	Auditors should consider the significance of a program that will result from an audit result by the EPA .	1
The uprising and the violent reaction of the British forces resulted in the destruction of many of the historic buildings in the town , which never really recovered .	The historic buildings in the town never got back to the way they were .	0
The museum has stupa railings , and the granite Buddhas date from the ninth century .	The museum has stupa railings and Buddhas from the ninth century .	0
in education i wanted to be a PE teacher i sure did	Being a PE teacher has always been a nightmare in my mind .	2
it 's a uh fantastic experience you can 't	It 's a once in a lifetime adventure that you probably can 't experience again .	1
Though with th ' Old Man off reppin ' for th ' law down along the border and needin ' hands back on the Range , we swallows down th ' dust nice an ' easy an ' takes it slow .	The Old Man never went to the range .	2
Everyone was applauding .	They all clapped .	0
I think Wolfe is right about the potential of this kind of novel , one that takes us through unexplored precincts of our own society while spinning a good yarn .	Wolfe 's perspective on the novel is incorrect and useless .	2
basically you 're using it as a word processor you mean	You are saying you don 't use it as a word processing .	2
From here you can see north along the beach ; the only blot on the landscape is the unfinished Novo Mondo hotel a notorious , 8-story white elephant completely out of proportion with the rest of the island .	The Novo Mondo hotel is unfinished because they ran out of money .	1
Parliamentary elections are scheduled for early January , and HDZ is trailing the less nationalistic opposition in the polls .	HDZ is trailing in polls for the election scheduled in January .	0
I am not as certain as you are .	I have seen some evidence to the contrary .	1
Still , stakeholder involvement is important to help agencies ensure that their efforts and resources are targeted at the highest priorities .	Agencies should not worry about their efforts and resources being targeted .	2
The final rule adopts uniform competitive bidding rules for all future auctions , which simplify and streamline FCC regulations in order to increase the overall efficiency of the competitive bidding process .	The final rule is not yet finished , so we do not know what it entails .	2
yeah and you can pick what you want and yeah right that sounds really good i read a thing i don 't even remember if it was in the Da llas Site or the Inside one about uh companies allowing you and they said that TI was looking into it to purchase extra vacation days which i thought sounded like a good idea you know if you 've been there you know under five years and you get two weeks of vacation but that 's really not enough and you want an extra week then you can purchase an extra week of vacation by saying okay i 'm going to want an extra five days this year and they 'll take a set amount out of each paycheck you know and they 're deducting it all along so you you can have an extra five days off and be paid for them at the time you know you 're you 're really not being paid for them the money is actually coming out of your own pocket but it 's coming out a little bit a t a time instead of all at once you know so that is kind of an idea that that a lot of people sounded like that they were really interested in and TI said that they were looking into something like that so	Most employees would take extra vacation time if they could distribute the costs throughout the year .	1
To fill the gap in missing FPA rates , the Commission calculated an extra ounce rate between the two highest weight intervals for which there were rates .	The commission calculated a rate that 's between the her than the highest weight interval .	2
I understand publicity stunts , and this is one . ' 	I have no idea what a publicity stunt is .	2
San 'doro stabbed them deep , twisted , and then pulled apart in opposite directions .	San 'doro stabbed them deep , moved them , and then pulled them free in opposite directions .	0
Chithirai Vishu ( Hindu New Year ) is a more religious affair than the Chinese , with worship and prayers .	During Chinese new year , there are less devout rituals and celebrations .	1
Because it is a win-at-all-costs war to restore military prestige , Russian generals have shown utter indifference to civilian casualties and a willingness to lie to retain popular support .	Russian generals have assassinated many people in the past .	1
On 3 March is the Hina Doll Festival , a special event for young girls .	The Hina Doll Festival is most exciting for doll-lovers .	1
it it 's you know Van and then Lustbader B A D E R	It 's not a hard name .	1
no no go ahead	No I 'm going first and you step away from there .	2
Book and show together will have you rushing out shopping yet again .	If you book and show now you won 't rush to shop again	2
The FRC invited the men to sign petitions for the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban , thereby adding their names to its political database .	The FRC invited men to add their names to the database .	0
8 ( a ) ( 5 ) ) that agencies evaluate the use of automated , electronic or other technological collection forms by allowing sources to register and file risk management plans electronically , thus avoiding what could have been a huge paperwork burden .	Agencies should evaluate the use of automated collection forms .	0
( The doo-wop- and Latin-influenced musical details the redemption of a Puerto Rican teen who commits murder in 1959 New York . )	The musical contains Latin influences as it follows the story of a teenager .	0
As you crosethe bridge , stop in the middle to immerse yourself in the sights and sounds of the people , the blazing neon , and the Dotomburi River below you .	There is no water underneath the bridge you may want to cross .	2
Should allowance allocations be updated , and if so , how frequently ?	It needs to be known if the allowance allocations should be updated before the next quarter for the company .	1
okay so you watch Letterman David Letterman	I understand that you watch David Letterman .	0
With his susceptibility to ridicule and parody , his air of furtive portentousness , his apocalyptic Manichaean vision of purity overtaken by disease , his dazzling displays of the uncanny intuitive skills that sometimes accompany obsession , he was a pulp-fiction Dostoyevsky , an author he admired above all others .	The author was able to capture life at it 's best .	1
i tell you what these drug dealers are about the best business people there are because uh they know who the market is and they know exactly how to get to the market if uh if other businesses could do half as good as they do then uh there 'd be some very profitable businesses but unfortunately they prey on prey on the young kids	A lot of drug dealers try to sell their products to school students .	1
Anyone have a synonym for future ?	I need three synonyms for future .	1
Above the stairway leading upstairs is a depiction of Felipe IV and his family .	Deep in the catacombs is a depiction of Felipe IV and his favorite dog .	2
Scotland 's troubles continued after Charles II 's restoration to the throne in 1660 .	Things became much better in Scotland immediately after Charles II returned to the throne .	2
Been fooling them all the time , eh ? " The girl looked at him , nodded , and then suddenly burst into tears .	Been lying to them ? The girl agreed and started crying .	0
has everything like that gets uh taxed property uh property tax	Property tax for anything like that is pretty high .	1
But to produce that would change Drew Kirby to Drew Rennie , and that he did not want to do .	He wanted to change into Drew Rennie , so he produced that .	2
Unable to afford a professional slogan , something hip and hot and happenin ' ( Do the kids still say happenin ' with the apostrophe and all , or is there some swingin ' new punctuation ? )	Hip and hot and Happenin ' makes for a professional slogan .	2
Nowadays it 's a popular spot for picnics and barbecues .	This spot is usually filled with people every weekend .	1
We have to make the case that our mission is important to them .	Our goal is important to us , o we want them to be just as interested in it .	1
It is a city to which people migrate from all over Spain in search of new opportunities ; a place where few people can claim any deep roots .	The city brings great advantages to those who migrate from other provinces .	1
Excursion companies sell a variety of orientation cruises of Hong Kong harbor that include a look at some of its 235 outlying islands .	Orientation cruises take passengers to at least 50 of the islands .	1
I wish to thank each of the participants for taking the time to share their knowledge and to provide their insights and perspectives on the important matters discussed during the forum .	I appreciate the participants ' sharing their expertise during the forum .	0
6 . How does extent of injury or severity of illness affect the intervention ?	Injury makes intervention more difficult	1
Street food , body paint , in-your-face fashion , photo on a warm spring afternoon Yoyogi Park is more fun than any place in town .	Yoyogi Park offers many things on during a warm afternoon that make it more fun that any other place in town , like street food , body paint , bold fashion , and photos .	0
To meet these objectives , we studied 11 federal and nonfederal entities experienced in developing relationships and procedures for information sharing .	Only 5 were studied to meet the objectives .	2
that 's exactly right and that is the wrong message	That 's exactly the right message .	2
Understand I got outta line th ' other night ... stepped on a lotta toes . That gaze flickered for the merest instant to the Colts at the Kentuckian 's belt .	The Kentuckian had Colts on his belt .	0
On weekends the strip 's traffic still slows as the young and the hip traipse from one happening night spot to the next .	The traffic is always moving smoothly thanks to the lights .	2
She resolved to appeal to Mr. Carter , telling him when and where Tommy had started on his quest , and asking him to do something to trace him .	She planned to plead with Mr. Carter to find Tommy .	0
yeah okay i know who your talking about i can 't think of her name either yeah that was that was that was i remember that being uh here a few years ago	I can picture her face really clearly still .	1
Some investments in stewardship land , for example national parks , will be reported by both 1 ) the number of acres used as a park or an historic site in the stewardship land category , and 2 ) by the number of physical units identified as national parks in the heritage assets category .	Investments may look large by acreage but much smaller by the number of units .	1
i don 't know if you 're familiar with it Pamela Smart in New Hampshire	Are you familiar with the verdict of Pamela Smart in New Hampshire ?	1
This preliminary screen should trigger a more in-depth assessment and a brief intervention that can be delivered either separately or as a package ( Figure 2 ) .	Tighter security measures are responsible for the new screen .	1
yeah it 's uh having uh uh well well i work in too i work in environmentals uh projects right now and so the Sherman deal is uh uh uh	I 'm currently working on an environmental project , so I am incredibly familiar with the Sherman deal .	1
The GPRA course originates out of a studio and has been broadcast simultaneously to up to 20 sites around the country .	The GPRA course is originated out of a studio in a central location in the country .	1
As an independent regulatory agency , the Commission is not subject to title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 .	The reformations in the legislation apply to most other agencies .	1
training , performance rewards and incentives , and performance appraisal systems .	Rewards for good performance act as an incentive for better performance .	1
At their expressions of wonder , Hanson felt more confidence returning to him .	At their expression of wonder , Hanson lost all hope .	2
but where the hell is the play ?	Where 's the play ?	0
About 50 % of the population is still under 20 years of age .	Only a quarter of the population is under the age of 20 years old .	2
A sonic boom struck through the train as it hit a tunnel .	The train hit the tunnel and there was a sonic boom .	0
The exhibits are entertaining and educational for all age groups , posing questions about our roles as managers of the earth 's resources and the future of the planet .	The exhibits pose questions about our role in managing earth 's resources .	0
What then ?	What do we do after this ?	1
Due to their limited staff and budget , LSSM can only serve a fraction of those who need legal representation .	LSSM does not have much left as far as staff and budget are concerned so they will not be able to serve everyone who needs represented .	0
Mallorca and Menorca are blessed with the sort of natural and man-made attributes that entice countless millions of foreign visitors to descend upon them and to keep returning year after the perfect deep blue and transparent turquoise of the Mediterranean Sea , 300-plus days of brilliant annual sunshine , hundreds of miles of coastline , secluded coves and wide bays , and a vast choice of cheap flights and accommodations .	The Mediterranean Sea is murky brown .	2
that sounds like the exact same words my friend tells me	That 's sounds exactly what my friend tells me .	0
Especially when we all want the same thing .	None of us want the same thing .	2
so you you 've done this ten times	You 've had so much practice so you should be pretty good at it .	1
With an effort Tommy pulled himself together .	Tommy was initially not very pulled together .	0
Just about everyone came through , and they 're still doing it .	Just about all of them are still doing it .	0
Jon stood , his armor strapped on and his weapons on his hips .	Jon was carrying both a pistol and a sword .	1
certification and payment .	Confirmation and exchange of currency .	0
This is the third such case in New Jersey in recent months .	New Jersey had seen at least 2 of these kinds of cases .	0
This is an attractive enough place in its own right , but it is enhanced by the spectacular views of the small island of Es Vedr ? , which just seems to rise from nowhere out of the ocean .	Es Vedrà can not be seen from any point in the region .	2
yes it is seems very high it hasn 't bothered me but i know the people that have allergies it seems to be a pretty high	It is very high , but it has not bothered me .	0
The latter is a fine example of the exuberant style of Manueline architecture .	Manueline architecture has been held up as the gold standard in the field of architecture .	1
Cold New Growing Up in a Harder Country , by William Finnegan ( Random House ) .	William Finnegan wrote " Cold New Growing Up In a Harder Country " .	0
I Won the Lottery .	I won the lottery .	0
i enjoy reading novels then uh you know more serious stuff	I hate reading books , all books .	2
As you say , it will be known soon enough . " But to my intense surprise , on getting down early the next morning , and eagerly opening the newspapers , there was not a word about the arrest !	The arrest should have been on the front page .	1
This document contains GAO 's Agency Protocols that we are launching in a pilot phase starting in December 2002 .	GAO is launching a new pilot program in December 2012 ,	2
Some are sannyasi , wandering beggars who have abandoned their homes and walked from as far as Chennai ( Madras ) to stand on the Ghats and pray , to bathe and drink the waters of the holy river , or just to sit and meditate on this supreme moment of their religious lives .	Over one hundred sannyasi come here every year .	1
Better make two identical planets for each--and two suns--and put one on your track controls .	Put the other one in the bathroom as a nice decoration .	1
Mostly I just skim the retractions ) , and himself ( I am so sorry ...	I read the reactions word for word .	2
The images broke free and Jon vomited his dinner onto the rocks .	He threw up his meal all over the rocks .	0
i don 't know i really i didn 't really enjoy it that much	it just wasn 't for me , I never liked that genre	1
She seemed grave , almost sad .	She was cheerful and carefree .	2
and the other one 's	These and those .	1
and but i 'm applying for what yeah it is a lot of the words are the same or you know they just change the pronunciation a little bit but i love it i love the culture the that they way they respect education	I hate everything about the culture .	2
The sanctum of the shrine , designated a National Treasure , has a gilded and lacquered altar some 3 m ( nearly 10 ft ) high , where a seated wooden figure of Iemitsu looks down upon his mighty works .	There is a figure of Iemitsu made out of wood .	0
and be with somebody basically	He will be with somebody the whole time , essentially .	1
Framing the election around the desirability of tax cuts is risky business for Clinton ; since the age of Reagan , the public assumes that the Republicans are the anti-tax party .	There is no risk for Clinton to frame the election around tax cuts .	2
Kamakura , less than an hour south of Tokyo by train , was the seat of Japan 's first military government .	The train from Tokyo to Kamakura is very fast and you can travel there easily .	1
um-hum wow so what what did you did did you use do you have a blower or did you have the uh the vacuum	I heard that a blower can be a life-saver come fall time .	1
Some of the bigger shows and headliner appearances ( especially during major events like New Year 's Eve ) exceed $ 100 per ticket typical for New York City but previously unheard of in Las Vegas .	New York City and Las Vegas have a lot of shows .	1
The southern coastline of Jamaica has so far resisted the pressure from developers , partly because it has few main roads .	The main roads are difficult to travel , even with a vehicle .	1
The analysis also discusses alternative approaches which were considered by EPA but were found lacking because they did not either significantly reduce the burden on small entities or would have jeopardized the program 's projected air quality benefits .	The alternative approaches weren 't even considered by EPA .	2
The cook may be from Valencia , the cuisine advertised as French , and the customer may want nothing more daring than a steak .	Customers quite often don 't care about getting foreign cuisine : instead they prefer something that they already know they like .	0
This was the kind of scene that an action painter could relish .	An action painter could relish on that kind of scene .	0
With hundreds of shops located along charming streets , stacked in mega-malls , and tucked into nondescript neighborhood nooks , there 's no doubt you 'll find more than a few Los Angeles mementos to carry home .	There are hundreds of shops along the streets .	0
i uh that 's their marketing	Their marketing is effective .	1
He said that in the mid-1990s , his command attempted to , but could not , find an effective program for capturing and using employees ' official frequent flyer miles anywhere in DOD .	His command tried , but wasn 't able to find a good program for using employee 's frequent flyer miles .	0
Since then , he 's logged 60,000 miles between Eustis and the firm 's seven offices across the state and thrown himself into the firm 's effort to see that as many low-income Nebraskans as possible get legal help .	He did whatever he could to make sure he came out on top , even at the expense of the clients .	2
it 's a lot easier then	There are other things that are a lot harder .	0
No , Clinton 's total concentration should be on the eyeballs of Ken Starr .	Clinton 's concentration should be on Ken .	0
The cake she chose was decorated with a space ship and launching pad under a sprinkling of white stars , and a planet made of red frosting at the other end .	The cake she picked had a big frog on it .	2
and uh you know there isn 't that much uh circulation but uh the temperate zone is uh a constant moving uh wind system	Circulation is unnecessary for this process .	1
In Santiago de Cuba , the terrace bar on the 7th floor of the Hotel Casa Granda has splendid views and live music .	In Santiago de Cuba , the terrace bar on the 7th floor of the Hotel Casa Granda has splendid views and live music but it closes to early .	1
I have filters that keep me from being subjected to that sort of language in my e-mail .	I have e-mail filters to prevent that kind of language .	0
and i slipped and fell in	I fell in because I slipped	0
In The Beauty Myth , Wolf grouped all our expectations and prejudices surrounding women 's chest-size under a single The Official Breast .	Wolf wrote a book about how important it is to be beautiful .	2
We don 't know where it came from or what the thinking was behind it .	We don 't know what were its origins .	0
In a country where form and substance were inextricably interrelated , two things counted in symbolic authority and real power .	Form and substance were interrelated in the country .	0
So out of 78 confirmed hypotheses , it seems that approximately zero are true .	Not a single one of the hypotheses is true .	0
Just off the gray sand Anse Turin beach near Le Carbet , a roadside sign reports that Paul Gauguin sojourned here in l887 .	La Carbet is near to the Anse Turin beach .	0
The town 's name , which means wild river or ravine , seems hyperbolic for such an orderly and peaceful little community .	The town 's name does not seem to fit its peaceful character .	0
His voice was toneless .	His voice was full of joy .	2
You 'll find Vicenza 's greatest opus ( his country villas were another story ) where the Corso widens out into the Piazza Matteotti to give him more freedom for the wonderfully airy Palazzo Chiericati .	Vicenza 's country villas are regarded as travesties .	1
And like Clarissa herself , I didn 't want the party to end .	The party is still going on .	0
How should he doubt that the man in 89 his clothes , with his beard and his glasses , was not Alfred Inglethorp ? "	How should he doubt Alfred was not the man in his clothes , beard , and glasses in 89 ?	0
Thus comparing line 1 , column 2 to line 5 , column 6 , shows that inbound revenues increased from $ 291 million to $ million , while comparing line 2 , column 1 to line 6 , column 5 shows that attributable costs increased from $ 1,030 million to $ million .	Two lines regarding revenues and costs were compared .	0
and are we still going to maintain drams for perfume	Are we still going to keep up drams for perfume ?	0
The examples that they cited included the following .	No examples were given .	2
Unemployment benefits are reimbursed by the former employer entity	Employers resent paying for their fired workers .	1
It had been a one-man show .	He didn 't trust anybody , so he chose to run things himself .	1
If it did this , some of its new competitors would be driven out of business , causing both investor losses and charges that the government should not be competing with private enterprise .	If it did this , at least one of its new competitors would be driven out of business .	0
Oscar Schindler , whose struggle to save Jewish slave laborers from death during the Holocaust was made famous by the film Schindler 's List , is buried in a Christian graveyard on Mount Zion ; his interment was arranged by the many who owed their lives to his courage and ingenuity .	When Schindler 's List came out , the Jewish community praised the direction .	1
Saving the United How Has It Changed and Why Is It Important ?	How has saving the united changed it , why is it important ?	0
'What ? '	what did you just say ?	1
that 's right you too and i hope everything works out up there	No way , I hope you fail miserably .	2
Sadly , although the tree has been proved to be among the oldest in Europe , most experts believe that it is only 2,000 years old and therefore not of Hippocrates 's era .	This tree is from the era of the Roman empire .	1
yeah i i 'd actually been there um i was there a couple years ago when it wasn 't as you know sort of dangerous to be out there i guess	I went there years ago when it wasn 't quite so dangerous .	0
He was still tingling inside himself at this confirmation of his earlier discovery .	He was deeply disappointed that his discovery had not panned out .	2
There was a lot of danger in such an operation , since the water could continue to saturate the walls and floor , collapsing even more .	It was a very safe operation .	2
The authorities have been quick to respond , allowing hotels and other facilities to develop though care must be taken not to blight the delicate environment in the rush to turn the resorts into Euroland .	As the resorts are turned into Euroland , many nearby urban areas are experiencing gentrification .	1
In 1944 General Douglas MacArthur was back in the Philippines to direct the island-hopping advance that ended in the massive fire-bombing of Japan 's mostly wood-built cities .	The Philippines were grateful for the general 's assistance .	1
In the end , we all need to be more responsible for our actions and inactions .	People need to clean up after themselves .	1
and uh one of the things that uh we did uh just we sort of made a little garden that uh surrounded the trees and planted uh pachysandra	We kept trying to plant grass under the trees , but it would not take .	2
Some 30 years after his death , the theaters had been destroyed , the actors dismissed and the playwrights sent into exile .	While he was alive the theaters were popular and consistently filled with patrons .	1
There is no legitimate basis for declaring a504 ( a ) ( 16 ) facially unconstitutional .	23 senators propose that a504 ( a ) ( 16 ) be declared facially unconstitutional .	1
Both the agencies and the CIOs are working to meet the letter and intent of the Clinger-Cohen Act and associated legislation effectively .	The CIO 's are trying to meet the standards .	0
As for the other fellow , I think I can give a good guess . " He handed another photograph to Tommy , and smiled at the other 's exclamation .	He kept all of his photographs and had no guesses about the other fellow .	2
She ate quietly , eyes on the ground .	She looked up to the sky .	2
yeah well i did see a house for sale in the area i wanted to move into but i don 't know where i could come up with the down payment	The down payment was well over twenty thousand dollars .	1
And for genuine activism .	Not genuine .	2
By managing our workforce strategically and focusing on results , we are helping to maximize our own performance and ensure our own accountability .	By managing the workforce strategically and focusing on results they are burdening the general public	1
thinking less of your own needs but of other people	Other people should be considered .	0
He enjoyed the first day 's ride through the grass lands and the marsh .	On the first day , he liked the ride through the marsh and grass lands .	0
you know as an American citizen but i think uh the people that i 've talked to as far as voting because i 've worked you know in in trying to get people to vote when i was in the military i was a uh represented you know i represented people as far as voting and um from what i spoke speaking with people it was mainly that um they felt frustrated that their one vote wasn 't going to do any good you know that um and and it was really hard to get across to them that it didn 't matter you know it 's a matter of that 's your right you should go and do it you know and that your one vote can count when you get a whole lot of people if everybody says oh well my vote doesn 't count you know then then what do you have you know	When I was trying to get people to vote , I wasn 't in the military since I wasn 't a citizen .	2
Hullo , Evie , here 's our wounded hero !	Evie was a hero , though injured .	0
He had seen the hilt on the belt of one of the dark riders Jon had killed .	Jon had killed a dark rider with a sword .	1
This one-of-a-kind creation has helped spawn countless how-to manuals , but it 's still easy to choose the indispensable one .	It is hard to opt for the indispensable manual .	2
Chamber of Commerce spent $ 7 million on advertising in support of GOP candidates	The Chamber spent the vast majority of its advertising budget in support of Republicans .	1
Computers set up similar conditions , with the idea that the results would apply to the original .	The computer set up some different conditions .	2
The sewage system and houses outside the citadel were better constructed than their modern equivalents , and among their animals was a major Indian contribution to the world 's cuisine the chicken .	Before they were conquered the infrastructure there was better than it became in modern times .	1
been following the Packers ever since uh they won the first two Super Bowls	The Packers have never won a Super Bowl .	2
we 're we 're really on an ecology kick up here i guess like all the rest of the country and	I am certain that ecology is of no interest at all .	2
He quickly found out who was going to be seeing FDR that morning--it was Vice President Henry Wallace--and persuaded him to win a stay of execution .	Henry Wallace is the Vice President of the United States .	1
Check for details on hunting permits at the local tourist office ( see page 123 ) or drop a line to ICONA , Carrer Sabino de Arana , 22 , Barcelona .	There are not any hunting permits available .	2
In the confusion I slipped away , offering silent thanks to Gods and lizards alike .	I was thankful as I slipped away .	0
Town End is full of wonderful artifacts from 17th-century daily life , such as cooking utensils bowls , pans , crockery , and hooks to hang hare and pheasants rag rugs made by the women of the household , and laundry implements such as a dolly used for stirring the clothes in the washing tub .	There are more than three hundred 17th century artefacts in Town End .	1
On each side , the comparatively passive figures of Jacob 's wives , a prayerful Rachel and melancholy Leah , were the last completed sculptures of Michelangelo .	Leah , Rachel and Jacob 's wives were all the subjects of statues by Michelangelo .	0
This bill , however , is distinguishable because it limits specific representation and does not restrict lawyers in the manner of that representation .	The bill would severely limit specific representation .	1
because it will only take a minute to print one of those out and then run a thermal copy of it	printing one and running a thermal copy is a quick process	0
i wonder too you know they keep talking about ozone depletion and all this it it seems funny that it 's coming around at the time when we 're losing the most most of the forests	I wonder since they keep talking about the ozone being depleted but they don 't seem to make any laws to combat it .	1
it 's just too much work for a uh a degree you 're going to hang on the wall and never use so i said well maybe i ought to save some money here	I knew that I didn 't have to go to college .	1
The editors seem to know good writing when they see Novelist John Hawkes makes an unexpected appearance with a new introduction to The Passion Artist , and Poppy Z. Brite has a touching fantasy of John Lennon and Paul McCartney holding more than each other 's hands .	Hawkes made the introduction to The Passion Artist .	0
you know you either have to take a loan or most of them don 't work or if they work they work part-time for	The loan is usually too big to repay in less than 5 years .	1
After that , my blood was up .	I was angry after that .	0
yeah i agree with you i if we were going to get anything now it would definitely be a cat	If we were going to get an animal , it would certainly be a dog .	2
Tommy shook his head .	Tommy did not agree .	0
His later discovery of the New World brought prosperity to the Madeiran the island 's strategic location on the great East-West trading route meant that ships anchored and took on food , water , and the valuable trading commodity of Madeira wine .	Madeira wine was a valuable trade good .	0
The reliefs on the pedestal show Theodosius and his family in the Hippodrome ( on the side opposite the Serpentine Column ) presiding over the raising of the obelisk .	Theodosius and his family are depicted in the reliefs which are displayed on the pedestal .	0
One of Guadeloupe 's prettiest bays is Anse ? la Barque ( Boat Cove ) so-named because fishing boats have long ridden out storms in its protected anchorage .	Anse la Barque is known as Boat Cove , and has protected anchorage for boats during storms .	0
The Russian tapped his cheek .	The Russian man did nothing with his cheek .	2
but um mostly into just walking and stuff like that	Just walking is needed for me to recover .	1
What did they think of us , Jon thought to himself .	Jon wondered what they thought about us .	0
Any ED staff member could be assigned the screening task .	The screening task is rotated between ED staff members weekly .	1
In general , saving today increases a nation 's capacity to produce more goods and services and generate higher income in the future .	Saving now lowers a nation 's ability to produce more and earn more later .	2
Audacious plans were announced to move three of the most important and recreate them in exact detail on higher ground out of danger .	They planned to move only the most important one , recreating it in a site out of danger .	2
yeah what 's funny is the idea that uh you know what i consider you know like a three-quarter backswing or even a half backswing uh my friend says that 's you know that 's a full backswing and you don 't want to go any further than that so i mean it 's a now it 's a matter of trying to convince myself that that 's right	My friend says what I thought was a three-quarter or half backswing is a full backswing and I shouldn 't go further than that so I 'm trying to tell myself that 's right .	0
But I must ask you to trust me .	You don 't need to believe in anyone .	2
and one of the things that that they did for him they tested him and they said that he 's you know great in electronics but he yo u know he 's really does need the basic skills and they put him through six months of composition writing in addition to all his electronic training and at that point he has now graduated from warfare electronics school with honors	The test indicated that he needed help with English .	1
or if they would allow them to uh give broader answers they it 's really kind of uh choreographed it 's like a script has been written when people testify they aren 't testifying really in their own words	When they 're allowed to speak for longer , it seems scripted .	0
Fine profiles of Klayman have recently appeared in Newsweek and the Washington Post . But the conventions of newspaper journalism are such that an objective reporter cannot render his own opinion that the subject has a screw loose .	Reporters may say whatever they please when they write profiles for Newsweek .	2
The federal government now tracks 188 companies specializing in subprime loans that broaden access to home mortgages , but at a price that typically includes higher interest rates and fees , and other costly requirements .	None of the 256 companies that specialize in subprime loans and improve access to mortgages are tracked by the federal government .	2
" Come with me , Dave Hanson , " Ser Perth ordered , without wasting words .	Dave nodded and listened .	1
Follow the road to Coll de Rates , 500 metres ( 1,500 feet ) above the wide orange- and vine-filled plains that sweep up to Javea , Denia , Gandaa , and the deep-blue Mediterranean .	Coll de Rates is 2000 feet over the wide plains .	2
there 's yeah there 's a few designs i guess i 've done myself but not very many real simple ones you know i do i 've made i made a little uh little uh little thumb print and made it a bunny	One of my few simple designs is of a bunny .	0
At the end they are taken apart while still alive so the Eye can study how they work .	They get taken apart while still alive .	0
This was the buckskinned man who had whooped the train into town that morning .	This was the man who whooped the train that morning and then hit the bank .	1
'They see your extra forces . ' 	They see you have no troops .	2
And this is how you repay me !	And since you owe me so much , you 'll be repaying me just as I told you to do , isn 't that right ?	1
i i i like the roominess of it uh and and i actually the only thing i 've done other than you know wallpaper and painting paint over the years in the in the interior is i did refinish all the kitchen cabinets and i put a kitchen in the basement	I refinished the kitchen cabinets .	0
And I 'm warning you , Rennie , if you hire any man you can 't answer for , he 's going to the stockade and you 'll hear about it from the army ! "	Rennie hired men and it was a difficult job .	1
Beer is still brewed by traditional methods here .	There are several beer brewers and merchants in the area .	1
a 1395ww ( g ) ( 1 ) ( A ) ( providing for the payment of hospitals ' capital costs under a prospective payment system established by the Secretary ) .	Hospitals are only funded by the Secretary .	2
So they 'll be gone by this winter--just as soon as the Christmas shopping season is over .	So this winter they 'll be gone , just as soon as Christmas season ends early .	1
In east ( Indian ) Punjab , Hindus and Sikhs massacred Muslims ; in west ( Pakistani ) Punjab , the Muslims massacred Sikhs and Hindus .	Hindus and Sikhs killed Muslims in east Punjab .	0
Nye 's warning was only another confirmation of Drew 's fears .	Drew had no fears .	2
Sir James looked round approvingly .	Sir James looked pleased .	0
now i don 't know who planned it all or how i don 't even know how they came about uh agreeing on what all to do and with i know they 're were programmers involved and i know the manager and the two managers and uh payroll were involved in supervisors and all but uh i came in last year out of one of the shops so uh it was all new to me i had to learn the old system and the new system	the programmers and managers decided to implement a completely new work system	1
Around the island , Lesvos offers wonderful impressions of Greek village life .	Lesvos 's villages showcase Greek traditions of yogurt-making , milking goats , and sewing garments .	1
Dating from the 17th century , it was a summerhouse for Ambleside Hall , a large mansion built a century earlier , which , sadly , no longer exists .	Ambleside Hall was built in the 16th century but it was destroyed later .	0
uh-huh and then Iran i don 't know if they can go to Iran or not that wasn 't	They don 't want to travel to Iran .	1
The most tender cut , similar to filet mignon , is called solomillo ( filete ) .	Filet mignon is the second most tender cut .	1
Now , don 't get offended , Miss er Cowley .	" I don 't care how you feel about this Miss Cowley "	2
uh uh the reason i think the elections are are so low and i 'm not sure what they mean by eligible voters are they talking about people that have registered or people that are are old enough to vote but haven 't registered	The reason I think elections are so low is because people don 't register .	0
Citizens are not able to access these reports online , even though they are electronically stored .	The reports are widely available online .	2
neglectful of his children by choice there just was no time and energy left for them by the time he put in his workday which started like at five thirty and ended at six thirty uh	He was always exhausted by the end of the workday .	1
Waiters carried bottles of ancient and royal vintage with loving care .	The ancient wines were handled very carefully .	0
We hope that the perspective and information provided in our	The perspective is given clearly	1
yes she finally she wanted she had a she 's got a a Honda um not a Honda a Toyota that what is it Accord no Honda Accord yeah	She has a Ford Mustang .	2
Twin septuplet covers .	The covers contained twin panda bears .	2
Oh , come now !	No way !	0
The palace has been splendidly restored since World War I with the help of private contributions , most notably from John D. Rockefeller .	Since World War I , the palace has fallen into decrepitude .	2
After the Reconquest of Toledo in 1085 , with the legendary warrior El Cid leading the way , mosques were converted into churches .	There have never been any mosques in Toledo .	2
It 's not always an easy city to love , but few leave unimpressed .	The city is fairly nondescript .	2
They want laws that require of teens that they behave like obedient children .	They want laws for teens to be obedient .	0
we we went in and did what we set out to do i i have there 's there 's been like a lot of things said about if it was a political well if it was a war for oil or a a war for ideals and seems to be real mixed between those two things	We accomplished what we needed to , however some say it was for oil but I think it was a mix of a few things .	0
Napoleon was fond of Fon ? ­ taine ? ­ bleau and he refurnished the pal ? ­ ace after the looting of the Revolution .	The palace fell into ruin following the Revolution .	2
The outdoor living developed into five months of rain , hail , sleet , blizzard , fog and constant freezing in tractors while breathing the healthy fumes of diesels .	There were month of wet rain conditions including rain , hail , sleet , and even blizzards .	0
Oliveri shrugged .	Oliveri clearly pretended not to care .	1
10 Part of the reason that the U.S. postal densities have such low values with a narrow range may be due to stale data .	Stale data may be the cause of U.S. postal densities with a narrow range of low values .	0
All the same , as I said before , it 's too bad of of Carter to set you two babies on a job like this .	Like I said , it 's a shame that Carter set you on a job like this .	0
expected to be a normal profit level , with the understanding that unusually efficient firms might achieve supra-normal profits for a time .	Nobody ever expects that any firms will be at a normal profit level , as they always assume above and beyond what is possible .	2
Then , they would attract more support for gaining recognition for the same kinds of legalities that help married people .	They would get more support if they helped more gay people .	1
yeah uh-huh so you like a a variety sort of easy listening because you you like country but then	So you don 't like any music ?	2
All right , Fowler , tell me what you saw ! " Fowler slid the shotgun out of sight , apparently sure that an armistice , at least , was assured .	Fowler has a shotgun .	0
That was particularly important at 0-1 , where you always had to fight for a desk and a chair .	It was not important to get a desk and chair .	2
This is an area where we have seen an increase in a need for help .	This area does not need any more help .	2
And yet , despite her swaying grace , and the almost ethereal beauty of her face , you felt instinctively the presence of something hard and menacing , a kind of metallic strength that found expression in the tones of her voice and in that gimletlike quality of her eyes .	She tried really hard to hide her inner character .	1
Teamsters arrive in tractor-trailers , honking feroiciously .	A lot of noise were made by the truckers when they arrived .	0
" Yeah , " he decided .	He did not want to do it .	2
the actor that plays Jim Morrison 's one of the other uh	The oldest actor is the one who 's playing Jim Morrison .	1
uh and i just i just assumed that was the way it was you know you didn 't get snow which was nice because you didn 't have to shovel it and but you always you could expect to have this ice storm and i think there was in the three years we 've been here there 's been one other ice storm um you the second year we had an ice storm and i was really surprised that uh that we didn 't have anything like that this year	During the time that we 've lived here there have been no ice storms	2
The secret is to pace yourself .	The secret method is pacing yourself .	0
You believe that she deliberately went back ?	Is it dangerous for her to go back ?	1
Jon expected that as well , though he hoped for something else .	Jon has experiences something that is in equal parts negative and positive .	1
Beneath the church , the Museum of Sacred Art houses a collection of sacramental objects .	The Museum of Sacred Art housed a number of sacramental objects .	0
i 'm sure that i 'll be involved in a big company and i know that my future husband will be you know he 's going to be working for Chevron in Houston so he 's going to be um	I 'll be in a big company and my husband will be with Chevron .	0
Those are our terms .	We will not proceed until our terms are met .	1
Nora now sits in an ominous stillness .	Nora sits very still .	0
U.S. officials insist that at most these troops might be dispatched to escort Kosovars back to their villages once hostilities have ended .	Once the hostilities have ended , most of these troops will escort Kosovars back to their homes .	0
An exhumation of Lee Harvey Oswald 's grave found Lee Harvey Oswald .	People believed that his Lee Harvey Oswald 's grave was empty .	1
Opposite stands the Palazzo dei Conservatori , and at the rear of the square is the handsome 16th-century facade of the Palazzo Senatorio ( now the CityHall ) .	There 's no such thing as Palazzo Senatorio .	2
oh yeah all that hoe down stuff yeah all that stuff that 's bad for you	Hoe down stuff is not good for you .	0
I--look , Ser Perth .	I know what 's going on .	1
and that was in the middle of the week and it was it was you had to wait in line to get in	There was never a line or a wait to get in .	2
i don 't know if they do it either to be truthful	I think more than likely they are telling the truth .	1
5 ) They 've relaxed their enmity precisely because they 've shown each other their nuclear weapons .	They each showed their four nuclear weapons .	1
Snorkel-fishing with spear-guns is legal , but the fish , which can often be frisky with unarmed snorkellers , now know to scatter at the sight of a harpoon .	Since snorkel-fishing with spear guns is legal , the frisky fish have adapted to scattering when they spot a harpoon making the sport more difficult .	1
i mean one day it was like sixty below zero	Once it was around -60 degrees .	0
That 's what happened .	Something good happened .	1
no kidding hobbies are supposed to be enjoyable they 're not supposed to be difficult or or they 're not supposed to make you less relaxed than when you began	Hobbies can be tedious .	1
didn 't it do that to New England a couple years ago	Didn 't that happen to New England a few years back ?	0
kind of nagging health things that i think you know some more exercise would help	More exercise may make some of the health problems worse .	1
Gore is a born-again Baptist who regularly invokes biblical verse on the stump .	Gore is religious .	0
Because of this , they encourage their managers to capture product design and manufacturing knowledge to identify and resolve problems early in development , before making significant increases in their investment .	They encourage their managers to be knowledgeable on product design and manufacturing .	0
The unfinished 15th-century Tempio Malatestiano is an important Renaissance design of Leon Battista Alberti , incorporating elements of the Arco d 'Augusto in the facade .	Leon Battista Alberti was not able to finish it due to his untimely death .	1
Many people , particularly many retired people , begin their day by checking the box scores of yesterday 's action on their holdings .	People do not use boxscores to check on their assets .	2
Dramatically depicting more than 400 scenes from the Old and New Testaments , 3,650 fig ? ­ ures present a magnificent pageant of the customs and costumes of the era of Francois I. Among the panels of Cain and Abel , Abraham and Isaac , Jesus and Mary ' all very Flemish figures ' are carvings of a Picardy baker , dairymaid , fruitmonger , and laundress .	The figures only depict scenes from the New Testament .	2
At one time it housed approximately 6,000 veterans , but Napoleon took over a large part of it for the Musee de l 'Armee ( Army Museum ) .	Napoleon took part of it to house the Musee de l 'Armee .	1
I modelled myself upon famous K.C. ' s .	Whatever I did , I made sure not to emulate K.C.	2
but well hey i appreciate the conversation	I didn 't like the conversation .	2
Sources , rather than government , decide the most cost-effective way to use available resources to comply .	They use sources to come up with the cost efficiency .	0
The following classification of internal control is intended to help auditors better understand internal controls and determine their significance to the audit objectives .	Auditors deal predominately with internal control issues .	1
have managed to do all these years and maybe it will take a lot longer before the physical physical evolution or for lack of a better term will occur to allow you to handle what we 've put ourselves through	There will be no physical changes at all .	2
Inside , an extraordinary tomb commemorates San Vincente of Zaragoza and his two sisters , martyred in the 4th century .	An extraordinary tomb commemorates San Vincente of Zaragoza and his two sisters , martyred in the 4th century , is located inside .	0
Could they take the place of one of the 56 channels of movies ?	Don 't let it take the place of the 55 channels .	2
Analysts speculated what would happen to Omnimedia if Martha were hit by a bus or cab ( or succumbed to an accident in the potting shed , as the New York Observer ' s Christopher Byron nicely put it ) .	Analyst were not interested in Martha or Omnimedia .	2
you know it 's been denied fortunately but	Sorry but it has been denied .	0
Adrin 's eyes focused sharply but then relaxed and seemed to watch something far away .	Adrin was intently reading a book and too preoccupied to look away .	2
The Kal 's performance in the fight seemed to change Adrin 's impression of Fena Kef 's pit fights .	Adrin thought the Kal 's were much tougher after seeing them fight .	1
Their actual relationship was more complicated .	They had a relationship between the two of them .	0
Is it too late to make fun of Giuliani ?	Is it too late to make fun of Guiliani 's hair ?	1
Since communism closed shop in Russia , all the volunteers have disappeared .	The volunteers continued to help out in post-communism russia	2
um i don 't know i you know i heard a very interesting and maybe it 's just the TV show or movie i was watching they were going through a trial and i think it was like on one of the the documentary TV shows where they ask for the the verdict by the jury	It 's interesting , I heard it while watching the TV .	0
and i had to always well i 've lived there for eight years myself i 'd always said i was gonna go back to school and go to Notre Dame	I never wanted to go back to college .	2
The distinction blurs a bit in Fantastic Voyage , the movie where Raquel Welch was part of a medical team shrunk to microscopic size and injected into the body of some guy with a brain tumor .	There is a movie named Fantastic Voyage .	0
are laughing at us saying if we make it thsese [ sic ] stupid ass Niggaz Will Buy it .	They say at us laughing that if we make it , stupid people will buy it .	0
Others have been heavily restored or replaced , not with true mosaics , but with reproductions in colored stone of drawings by such artists as Bellini , Mantegna , and Tintoretto .	The stone used for restoration involves 5 colors .	1
At rush hour , Umeda 's teeming subway platforms rival the crowd scenes for which Tokyo 's subway is so notorious .	Tokyo 's subway is quite notorious for being a busy subway any time of day .	1
6 ) It 's Clinton 's fault for creating the foreign-money scandal and thereby bringing suspicion and scrutiny on everything Lake did .	The foreign money scandal was created by Clinton and brought suspicion on Lake .	0
Others complain that the superstars are over the hill , and are trotting out mediocre work .	Nobody complains about the superstars .	2
" Well , th ' cap 'n's for law an ' order , an ' he 's army .	The captain is all about law and order .	0
Some studies have not only generalized but also tested hypotheses .	Some studies tested hypotheses	0
yeah well another thing too is if you have uh some young people who are really gifted and who are leaning towards maybe the uh math and science and that sort of thing which they say we have a shortage of	Some young people are great at math and science which we 're short on .	0
I heard nothing . Mrs. Vandemeyer gazed round her fearfully .	She said " I heard nothing " and looked around .	0
L 'Esplanade de la Lunade provides a great view down onto the river below .	The Esplanade de la Lunade is dozens of kilometers from any river .	2
Congress further recognized that the H-2A provisions	Congress recognized there were H-2A provisions .	0
Leger 's ideas about women are inseparable from his ideas about machinery .	Leger has negative views about women .	1
National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 .	The first National Environmental Policy Act enacted into law	1
On the one hand , she 's the pitiful victim of our hypocrisy and our unnecessary shame .	She is the victim of our shame .	0
Department of the Air Force , where he served as the chief legal officer and final legal authority to more than 2000 military , civilian , and reserve attorneys .	Other people he didn 't serve for include Government representatives .	1
Now let us evaluate the historical volume data in Table 1 . In the 90s ( 1990-97 ) , only NHH-to-NHH ( business ) mail has experienced healthy volume growth .	Table 1 shows the historical volume data .	0
One of the worse things that you can do is promise services that we can 't deliver .	One of the worst things you could to is promise a service you can 't deliver	0
INDIANAPOLIS- Four years ago , the state Supreme Court asked law firms to address a growing Not enough lawyers were donating time for pro bono work , and thousands of people were left with no legal help in civil cases .	Supreme Court asked law firms to address something 4 years ago .	0
i have every book the woman 's ever wrote	I have every book she has ever wrote .	0
but then i just you know bundle it up and put it on the front you know the front walk every you know every Monday or every other Monday and	I package it together and put it on the front porch .	0
that 's uh there 're a lot of people who really run my boss drives quite a ways to work and he 's got just enormous debts and he 's uh but i mean what do you say it 's like shucks boss i 'm sure sorry you 've got all that debt well he 's had had two kids in college and and this kind of thing and that	My boss 's debts are a result of paying for his kid 's college education .	1
Austrians crush insurrection ; national political movement ( Risorgimento ) begins	Austrians founded the national political movement , Risorgimento .	2
Tommy was amply employed , and debarred from joining him in the chase , the girl felt at a loose end .	The girl was not allowed to join Tommy in the chase .	0
Among themselves they speak a nasal , old-fashioned French , accented in a way that reminds visiting Parisians of French-Canadian speech .	People from Paris think that their accents sound a bit like the French-Canadian speech .	0
A common definition of diversity is developed .	A standard definition of diversity cannot be developed .	2
well not necessarily but there 's probably something else that might make you because you could know about you could know about the crime but not necessarily be taken off the jury you know not be accepted for jury the jury	You don 't know what jury is , do you ?	2
Returning to the river , you will pass the 16th-century Ceteau de Losse ( where visitors can admire Renaissance furniture and tapestries ) on the way to Saint-L ? ? on-sur-V ? ? zyre .	Many people choose to skip stopping at the Ceteau de Losse because entrance fees are so expensive .	1
" You will when we 're through with you , " Drew began .	" You 'll tell us everything , " continued Drew .	1
Climb to the roof for an extraordinary view of the carved stone tracery and flying buttresses .	You can 't see anything from the roof .	2
But you 'd better get the man who made this .	You better catch the girl who made this .	2
Duty free in Singapore , ' Czarek boasted , and everybody stared in awe , and even Herman was impressed .	Everyone was excited until they realised duty free in Singapore is very expensive .	1
oh it 's national	It 's only on a local level .	2
Simon 's appointment was scheduled for 3 : 18PM .	Simon had an appointment scheduled in the afternoon .	0
oh you 're not old you 're not old at all	You 're not old !	0
Vrenna was unguarded .	Vrenna was not protected by the soldiers .	1
You were also usually a darned nuisance , fond as I was of you .	I never liked you , even though you didn 't get in the way .	2
5 ) The real outrage is that the fight was boring .	The truly enraging thing is that the fight was not entertaining .	0
In all cases , some seats are reasonably priced , though they tend to go quickly .	Most of the seats are really expensive but some of them are cheap .	1
I do hope we shall have lots more adventures . "	" It is my hope that we shall have a great deal more adventures . "	0
Environmental Protection Final Regulations for Revisions to the Federal Test Procedure for Emissions from Motor Vehicles	The Federal Test Procedure for motor vehicle emissions is completely unregulated .	2
Case Study A method for learning about a complex instance , based on a comprehensive understanding of that instance , obtained by extensive description and analysis of the instance , taken as a whole and in its context .	Case studies can be used to understand business problems .	1
From DKNY to FAO Schwarz , dozens of top retailers have their only Las Vegas location here .	Retailers go here to set up their stores .	0
That was about all I could do for the moment .	They will do more later .	1
killing lots of fire ants	Eradicating a lot of fire ants .	0
An initial analysis , to be prepared for a proposed rule , is to describe the impact of the proposed rule on such hospitals and include the matters required under 5 U.S.C.	An initial analysis is supposed to describe the impact of the proposed rule on the environment .	2
It suggests that anyone who finds overhype unreasonable speaks with a voice of moderation--C 'mon , enough is enough--while at the same time setting the ceiling at a level far higher than what any ordinary person would find acceptable or sufficient .	It says that anyone who thinks the overhype is bad is a moderate person .	0
well no i mean they 're not allowed to accept any new inmates	They are allowed to accept new inmates right now .	2
right right um you 're subject to one appeal i i kind of don 't agree with you on that i think probably you should have at least two appeals	There should be three or four appeals .	2
i think you keeping him on death row for nine years was cruel and unusual torture	He deserved being on the death row for nine years .	1
The chief difficulty is the landing of the ammunition , said the Sinn Feiner .	The landing of the ammunition was the tricky part .	0
Cheering from the audience .	Applause coming from the audience .	0
Ali ( then Cassius Clay ) created his persona knowingly and from nothing , and his defeat of Sonny Liston marked a turnaround in our culture .	Ali 's defeat of Sonny Liston was one for the ages .	0
He is clever , observed Poirot meditatively .	Everyone , including Poirot , spoke about his dimness .	2
Jon felt his heart throbbing in his chest .	Jon was afraid .	1
Rival explanations	explanations that disagree .	0
well i i think it 's a pretty good deal i think they should either do that or or or afford some time to the military or or helping elderly people i	Elderly people always need a lot of help .	1
CLOs , which should ultimately lead to greater consumer and producer surplus .	The thought behind CLOs is to enhance market resiliency in time of shortage .	1
The conventional understanding at the time was that it was Morris ' liberal enemies--George Stephanopoulos , Harold Ickes , and Leon Panetta--who were arguing in favor of fiercely resisting Republican cuts in social spending , while Morris was telling Clinton to distance himself from the intransigent congressional Democrats .	Morris had enemies in the Clinton White House .	1
C 'mon , lighten up .	Be happier , since you are always sad .	1
He might as well have stuck his head over the plate and said , Bean me .	The man looked like he need some coffee .	0
Clichés are a modern problem .	Cliches could be considered a modern problem .	0
Like the Holy Sepulchre in Jeru-salem , this church is too important to stay in the hands of one denomination , so it is administered jointly by Greek Orthodox , Armenian , and Franciscan priests .	The Holy Sepulchre is administered only by one religious denomination .	2
Caleng itself a Noah 's ark for owls , the Owl Centre hosts a bird flight event every afternoon at 2 : 30 .	The Owl Centre was the furthest thing from a Noah 's ark for owls that one could think of .	2
Oh dear , of course something could be done , but I don 't have the time right now .	I 'll do something about it since I have plenty of time .	2
One of the better swordsmen parried her saber , catching the black steel sword in his own sword 's guard only to catch her palm spike in his temple .	She missed him completely , so he ran away .	2
and then if things deteriorate they can go to a second level which is you know like where they prepare their meals for them and and they still live somewhat independently but they have people checking on them and making sure they have hot meals and then where the same community a lot of times will also have the third level which is full care	Though they could not make meals for themselves anymore they rejected the caretakers food they prepped on their behalf .	2
1 Conversely , federal surpluses , as measured under NIPA , add to national saving and increase resources available for investment .	Federal surprluses are not a very large amount .	1
Mallorca 's embroidered linens for the table and bed are quite attractive .	Mallora has some of the least attractive embroidered linens for the bed and for the table .	2
That 's Whittington !	Whittington is over there !	0
The oldest part of the palace , the James V Tower ( once called the Great Tower ) , is for many the highlight of the tour .	Many people consider the James V Tower the best part of the tour .	0
" Sounds like trouble . " Anse tied his bedroll .	" Sounds like no Problem " Anse unrolled his bedroll	2
Postal Service in several rate proceedings over the past 20 years .	Postal service rates over the last 20 years	0
but but do you think do you think that 's why there 's so many people that want to come to the United States because of freedom or	Is it maybe the freedom that brings people in the United States ?	0
As chairman and CEO , this one individual has a huge impact on the direction of the company , the role of the board , and the composition of the board .	The CEO is the main director of the company .	1
Or did they arrive after an earlier migration or settlement of Indo-Europeans from Central Asia , or early Europeans ?	After the Americans settled , that 's when they arrived .	2
It is flanked by a building that protected aristocratic debtors ( known as the Abbey Lairds ) from arrest and certain imprisonment ; civil authorities had no jurisdiction within the Abbey grounds and could not enter to arrest them .	The Abbey Lairds were seized and arrested as soon as they left the building .	1
We read about how the students developed interactive games , created the first online discussion groups , fought over what technical standards to adopt , and ran headfirst into issues still relevant today--privacy online , the appropriate use of computers , ownership of software , how to govern the Internet .	One of the issues that the students ran into was the question of how the Internet needed to be governed .	0
The Senate , after all , is apparently nearing a compromise on the sentencing commission , and the president will likely nominate seven new commissioners in the next few weeks .	The new commissioners are not nominated by the president .	2
For a moment I just stared at the thing , then a fresh burst of ringing convinced me to pick up .	There was a man on the other side of the ringing phone .	1
The syllables resonate in a sound pattern with your world , to which you also still resonate .	Syllables are discordant in the world you vibrate in .	2
oh okay so they 've got a they 've got a weak stomach then huh	Oh , then I guess they don 't have the stomach for it .	0
Lack of sand has kept Madeira from modeling itself after Mallorca .	Madeira would be like Mallorca if it had sand .	1
I spoke poorly the other day .	I talked for hours on end .	2
22 Model , the Postal Service has assumed that in 1998 business bill / payment mail was about 20 .	Business mail is small	1
Where Kazan did go wrong was in casting an evil he couldn 't avoid as a good .	Kazan made many other choices that worked out very well .	1
A walk around the shaded top of the ramparts takes about half an hour and offers beautiful views of the surrounding countryside .	It takes 30 minutes to walk across the ramparts .	1
The two bronzes were presented in the mid-17th century by the Dutch government , in gratitude for the special exemption that gave them exclusive trading privileges with Japan during the period of national seclusion .	Japan had a period of national seclusion in which it did not trade internationally .	0
Economic logic suggests that in the long run such countries , if they can put their inflationary histories behind them , have no business adopting the currency of a faraway country which will not take their interests into account .	Economic logic is not always correct .	1
i know and he pulled that out that is so funny i heard it on the radio i heard the audio portion on the radio in the car but i didn 't see it but	I didn 't see it because I was in my car at the time .	1
During the summer , beside the flight of steps carrying people up to the Mound , you will find the Floral Clock .	There are no stairs that lead up to the Mound .	2
Theoretically , an ideal test should remain accurate throughout the alcohol use spectrum .	The test should be valid .	0
Munny 's assertion , in Unforgiven , that it 's a hell of a thing , killing a man .	Munny asserted the killing a woman is a hell of a thing .	2
Nancy owes its classical beauty to King Stanislas Leszczynski of Poland .	It 's beauty is due to King Stanislas Leszczynski of Poland .	0
Research Methods in Social	Research methods in Mathetmatics	2
10 Based on total world urea trade , increased demand due to a multipollutant regulation would be well under 2 percent of world trade if all SCRs used urea rather than ammonia .	Most SCRs use urea instead of ammonia .	1
The ancient Greeks traditionally took the fall of Troy , as recounted by Homer , as the starting point of their history .	Homer recounted the fall of Troy , but some elements are false .	1
The Forest of Compiygne offers plenty of good walking ; or , if you prefer to ride , you can hire a horse at the village of Saint-Jean-aux-Bois .	The forest is too dangerous to walk in .	2
There are many historic buildings to see in Orihuela ; the town remains much as it was centuries ago , despite an earthquake in 1829 and present-day industrialization .	Because of its several historic buildings , Orihuela is a world heritage site .	1
And don 't imagine that you can just traipse on over to the black-market book store section of the Web and find a hot copy of my book .	You shouldn 't believe that you can buy a copy of my book on the black-market web store .	0
yeah yeah or you can go with a HMO you know Health Maintenance Organization where you pay a certain amount a month	HMO is an acronym for Health Maintenance Organization .	0
The choice of a new puck lead to an uncontrolled development of a ' black league ' - illegal games , where neither the players , nor the referees or the audience wore protective masks , and where the probability of infection in poorly-ventilated rooms varied between 0.75 and 0.79 to one .	In addition to the probability of infection , in the first week 3 players and 2 referees got killed .	1
First of all , how are you going to travel ?	Before we discuss anything else , do you know how you are going to travel ?	0
The stupid powder wig feels heavy on my head .	The wig is so light I can 't feel it .	2
we save the same plastic container and we yeah we take it with us back to the store and bring it home yeah and we take yeah	We often save and bring it to our house .	1
In the half-light from the sky , he could see a well-kept lawn , and there were a few groups of men standing about idly .	Some men were standing on the lawn .	0
yeah because see what happens is they have a good backup policy and anybody can fix it and so that 's what you 're gonna go for	They have a good backup policy and anybody can fix it .	0
'Yes , he was ! '	No , he wasn 't .	2
However , the much more serious budget problem involves what happens after 2002 .	The budget is more serious before 2002 than after .	2
uh-huh and we wanted to travel well that was really nice traveling but you know i like to know more i mean hear about more people that have things like that you know and see what they think of them the different kinds because i 've only ridden in the one that 's it	I want to know if people had a good traveling experience too .	1
i mean i come from the Catholic church and they they uh are definitely opposed	I was raised in the Catholic church and they teach you not to do that .	1
He has built an independent Croatia , driven virtually all its Serbs and Muslims into exile , and won Croats semi-autonomy in Bosnia .	Everything he did , he did with the support of the public .	1
Most of Madeira 's good hotels have their own swimming pools , but if yours doesn 't , year-round swimming is open to the public at the excellent Complexo Balnear do Lido ( Lido Swimming Complex ; Tel . 291 / 762 217 ) in Funchal 's Tourist Zone .	If your hotel in Madeira has no pool , you can go to the public pool at Complexo Balnear do Lido .	0
I know you think he 's filin ' his teeth for you , but I 'd say he was too busy countin ' stars from that skull beltin ' to make sense out of our hurrawin ' .	Contrary to what he thinks , he does not care .	1
Do you remember affirming that if a crime had been committed , and anyone you loved had been murdered , 107 you felt certain that you would know by instinct who the criminal was , even if you were quite unable to prove it ? "	Do you remember every detail of the conversation in which you claimed you would be able to instinctively tell who was responsible for the murder of someone you loved ?	1
South of Skala is the small resort of Grikos Bay .	Skala , however , is the larger resort .	1
The most poignant part is said to be video interviews with Holocaust A faceless mass resolves eloquently into a single person ( Michael Kimmelman , the New York Times ) . The building itself--a gray granite hexagon in Battery Park--does not fare half as It conveys none of the brilliant complexity displayed inside ( Herbert Muschamp , the New York Times ) .	The most interesting part is said to be the phone calls with Holocaust A faceless mass .	2
HERITAGE ASSETS -Property , plant , and equipment that are unique for one or more of the following historical or natural significance ; cultural , educational or artistic ( e.g.	Heritage assets are worth lots of money .	1
much more frequently than i had intended uh for sixteen years but	Even though I wanted it to be less frequent , I enjoy it very much .	1
He had to sign letters and open gifts from various companies hoping to win favors .	He did not do anything for the companies .	2
it seems that we have more and more repeat offenders i know i don 't know how you all are there where you 're at but where we 're at now our jails are overcrowded we just built a brand new one two years ago	Our jails aren 't overcrowded .	2
Based on these findings , EPA and others estimate that attaining the fine particle standards would avoid thousands , and up to tens of thousands , of premature deaths annually .	Thousands of annual premature deaths could be prevented by reaching standards for fine particles .	0
you know based on how well it was performing and then he embarked on this uh vitamin treatment and then every year he had the same tests run	Despite have had treatment , he is tested every year .	1
Ca 'daan was stunned into silence .	Ca 'daan responded very loudly .	2
UNEXPLAINED CHANGE IN USPS FY 2001 FINANCIAL POSIT ION	There have been no changes in USPS FY 2001 financial position .	2
They were not of one mind .	They were not thinking the same things .	0
These examples largely stem from the nature of the public sector in which federal CIOs operate .	These examples are from the nature of the private sector .	2
The 2001 study used three different types of analyses-client telephone interviews , data analysis ( identifying billing trends that are known to result in overpayments ) , and medical record review .	The 2001 study used different types of analyses .	0
they 're supposed to bring you good luck or good or good finances	They do not bring you good luck or good fortune .	2
The Task Force submitted its report and recommendations to a meeting of the Utah State Bar in July 1997 , leading to the formation of the Access to Justice Foundation in 1998 .	Recommendations were submitted in a report by the task force .	0
He looked for the demon moon in the sky , the black orb of nightmare and ill omen .	He was looking for the demon moon .	0
Some one might have talked afterwards .	They are trying to figure out a crime or mystery .	1
Just about every address in this district houses an appealing old tavern or tasca .	Taverns give this district it 's character .	1
Audit documentation should contain sufficient information to enable an experienced reviewer , who has had no previous connection with the attestation engagement , to ascertain from the audit documentation the evidence that supports the auditors ' significant judgments and conclusions .	The documentation needs to be at a high level .	0
Founded in 1960 with Swiss assistance for Tibetan refugees , this center makes and sells carpets .	Founded in 1960 with Swiss assistance for Tibetan refugees , this center no longer makes and sells carpets .	2
Acknowledging the situation 's class dimensions blunted the racial animosity--and created a coalition of blacks and less affluent whites .	The blacks and poor whites joined together .	0
so that i do not have to have a um a ring at all	I absolutely have to have a ring .	2
This is especially true given the vast sums DOD is spending and is expected to spend on weapons acquisition- $ 100 billion alone in 2002 and an anticipated $ 700 billion over the next 5 years .	Spending will start to reduce in six years ' time .	1
Heart failure , or possibly an overdose of some sleepingdraught . He sniffed .	He thought it was heart failure or an overdose .	0
Additionally , Professor Aleinikoff has published several books and countless articles relating to immigration , international migration , and constitutional law .	Aleinikoff has only written magazine articles .	2
Comfortable shoes , with Salmon labels on the heels .	The shoes were difficult to walk in .	2
She has not achieved anything magnificent .	Her accomplishments so far have not been large .	0
you know is there something else we could have done you know in checking out all the places that uh might be available course there 's you know there 's not one on every corner especially in you know smaller areas smaller towns	There are a lot of places in the area .	1
The answer to the question How does the device work ?	The answer to whoever asked how did the device work .	0
An Italian designer observed that a nation 's cars are like its Scandinavian and German models are solid , strong , and reliable , built to resist an accident ; Italian cars tend to be more fragile , but slick and spirited , built to avoid an accident .	Italian cars are seen to be slick and spirited , but at the expense of durability .	0
now we quit that about two years ago no three years ago when we got China mugs for everybody	We stopped doing that three years ago , after we got everyone China mugs .	0
The women do not go quietly , extracting a toll on their way out .	The women were not quiet when they went .	0
But don 't let that discourage you .	Don 't let that make you lose confidence .	0
Equally famous for its Riesling wines and its Renaissance houses , picturesque Riquewihr is often overcrowded during the tourist season .	The Renaissance houses are more famous that the Riesling wines in Riquewihr .	2
uh to for them to mulch	So that they can mulch .	0
i mean that would be great	I think that would be wonderful .	0
According to a reporter who was present , Exxon suggested that it might have to pull the company 's advertising from the Journal in protest .	Exxon , according to a reporter , suggested they might pull their advertisements from the Journal .	0
sure same here take you too bye bye	Hello , no , not at all .	2
yeah how about how about uh long term do you have anything uh for as far as as far as savings go for long term	Do you have anything saved for the long term ?	0
The Esthonia Glassware Co .	It was called the Bulgarian Glassware Co .	2
Several of the managers assigned had both business and technology acumen and had the ability to raise business issues from a technical perspective in a nonthreatening manner .	The assigned managers were made up of everyday people who had little prior experience with business or technology .	2
somebody told me that they thought that too was caused by just a little bit of shifting in the foundation puts a little pressure on that seal and makes them pop open	They do tend to pop open quite silently .	1
( Actuarial Standards of Practice No .	The actuaries have no standards in place .	2
We have confirmed that copies of both the Initial and the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analyses were provided to the Chief Counsel for Advocacy at the Small Business Administration as required by section 605 .	There is a copy of the different acts .	0
The islands also lie close to the northern Greek mainland and the Balkans region , giving their history different influences than that of their neighbors farther south in the Aegean .	Their history has different influences due to their locations being so close to the Balkans .	0
You can see some of his belongings , his famous portrait by fellow-monk Fra Bartolomeo , and the picture of his burning at the stake in Piazza della Signoria .	He was burned at the stake for the crime of blasphemy .	1
There were some peculiar points about that stain .	Something was odd about the stain .	0
i i have a a little bit i can 't say that i 'm i i would be an expert on the on the region but uh certainly uh i it it gets it gets there you you 've got this this toss up between or not not so much a toss up but a a dilemma when when you want a country to have it 's it 's um own uh dominion or its free rein over its its own people and then on the other hand uh the uh the government in power that under what seem what seems to be popular support uh Sandinistas had to a given extent popular support um starts making overtures to the Soviet Union and and into what we consider our sphere of influence and now we 're we 're in this dilemma over uh United States is believes in Democracy and and self-determination where and but that on the other hand we believe in self-preservation and uh agree with the or not so much agree with but are terribly concerned about the influence Soviet influence in in what 's considered to be the United States ' fear of the world which is not only you we used to see spheres but now we 're in a situation where the United States is looks like we 're it now	I only gained a little bit from that day .	1
i don 't know i guess i 'm in a neighborhood and it 's it 's just real tough on animals here you know when i every time i see one run over i just you know it makes me sick so	I don 't like hitting animals with my car it makes me feel bad .	0
Afternoon was fast fading into evening , but Tubacca , aroused from the post-noon siesta , was in tumult .	Tubacca woke up and was upset .	0
well unfortunately i 'm not as good about that as you are i still go every once one in awhile	Thought I am not quite as skilled as you , I do make the journey occasionally .	0
There are splendid views , a swimming pool , and extensive grounds .	The views are terrible .	2
The provision of alcohol interventions in emergency departments ( ED ) may provide an opportunity to treat individuals who are currently not actively seeking such care .	Alcohol interventions in the ED fail to identify the people really in need .	2
well um i don 't know what to say	I know what to say .	2
Chapter 4 25 Audit Objectives 26 Needs / Documentation Required 26	Documentation is needed for Audit Objectives .	0
You could never be let go . ' 	Letting him go would be a huge mistake .	1
right but we really i mean really and truly we just don 't have a quarterback	We have a quarterback .	2
But these conservative institutions--the Washington Times , the Heritage Foundation--are part of an ideological mission in a way that liberal ones--the Washington Post , the Brookings Institution--are not .	The Times is very conservative and has no liberal subscribers .	1
Mortality	Mortality might have been part of a sentence .	1
be kind of like smorgasbord of benefits where you could uh tailor your benefit package to your own individual needs and so forth in other words if you were uh interested in having more vacation you could do that and then take cutback a little bit on some uh other area	There is a variety of packages , which can be tailored to fit individual needs .	0
The tragedy will not take place until nearly a fortnight later .	The tragedy happened a fortnight later .	1
The broad , sweeping terraces offer magnificent views ; statuary rears up out of ornamental lakes ; deer roam the parklands ; and the Dargle obligingly throws itself over 122 m ( 400 ft ) of rock to form the highest waterfall in Ireland ( 4 km / 21.2 miles from the main estate ) .	The wide terraces provide wonderful views of the surrounding area .	0
uh-huh well you you think you 're starting out well until you start paying all those bills uh apartment rent and	Once you pay your bills , such as rent , you 're doing well .	2
nice talking to you Jay hm have a good life uh	Good talking to you Jay , have a good life .	0
Then you think ” ”	Time will make it more clear .	1
Consider the other time , 50 years ago , that Seattle had a distinctive , defining artistic tradition--and not one but two celebrity artists .	50 years ago Seattle had more fine artists in its city .	1
Internal control is not one event , but a series of actions and activities that occur throughout an entity 's operations and on an ongoing basis .	Many entities treat internal control as one single event .	1
they replaced like seven of them and we just had to pay the deductible but	Seven of them were replaced , which was the right thing to do to me	1
The disposition of the revenue from forfeiture is determined by law .	There are laws that describe the proper disposition of revenue from forfeitures .	0
Hakone is a national park and resort area southeast of Mt.Fuji , extremely popular with weekend trippers from Tokyo .	People play golf and have weddings in Hakone park .	1
As Ca 'daan walked towards Vrenna and the dark-skinned man , they ceased their conversation .	Vrenna stopped talking to the man .	0
Ear irrigation ?	Scraping of the earwax	1
The most China could practice financial terrorism by selling Treasury bills and buying eurobonds , thus weakening the dollar .	The dollar was weakened by financial terrorism from China .	0
Whilerulingfrompalaces ontheeastbankoftheNile , Pharaohs chose to be buriedonthewestbank , asthiswastherestingplaceoftheGodAmun Ra intheformof the setting sun .	Pharaohs largely chose to be buried under the grand temples where they lived and ruled .	2
But after taking a hard look at its performance , FEMA concluded that it could better fulfill its mission by addressing the range of activities available before , during , and after disaster strikes .	FEMA knew they were the best at performance , so they didn 't need to reevaluate their process .	2
It was with a slight blush that she rang the bell and ordered it to be placed in a taxi .	She blushed slightly as she ordered it to be put in the taxi .	0
The elegant 17th- and 18th-century facades of the Palais des Ducs conceal the underlying Renaissance structures of the dukes ' heyday , but many of their treasures remain to be seen inside , in the Musee des Beaux-Arts .	The Palais des Ducs is an elegant 17th to 18th-century facade .	0
because i felt that i was losing something or taking something away from me	I felt that I needed to protect myself .	1
Slate ' s Dialogue on mixed marriage . )	Slate talks about interracial marriage .	1
you know they just make it look so easy but i know it i 'm smart enough to know that it 's not quite that easy	They make it look easy , but I know it 's not .	0
oh i i 've seen that yeah	I could never forget seeing that .	1
Minimizing question sets for interviews will result in obtaining less information .	Larger question sets will result in getting much less information .	2
I knew this couldn 't be , but it would 've made things so much easier if my friend was still out there somewhere .	My friend was standing next to me .	2
This doesn 't look good .	Something about this situation seems negative .	1
that the mower wheels just kind of bog down in there and i can not push it	The lawn mower becomes hard to push .	0
yes you do uh-huh yes you do yes you do and that that uh down here you have to have a credit uh you just can 't live without it because down here they don 't take a check unless you got credit card and driver 's license identification	Having credit is a necessary part of life .	0
and he was able to count the number of toothpicks just by a mental image unbelievable	He was able to count objects .	0
As a result , her overarching philosophy regarding awareness efforts was that users who thoroughly understood the risks were better equipped to use good judgment when faced with a potential security breach .	She spoke very loudly when expressing her philosophy to others .	1
A cascading set of resultsoriented performance agreements is one mechanism in a performance management system that creates a line of sight showing how individual employees can contribute to overall organizational goals .	One mechanism in a performance management system is a cascading set of resultsoriented performance agreements	0
Tommy rejoined his accomplice .	Tommy met up with his friend .	0
The remark seemed so utterly irrelevant that I did not even take the trouble to answer it .	The remark was so relevant I answered it at once .	2
A handful of states answered LSC 's call to action .	Lots of States answered LSC 's call to action	0
But a combination of remarkable communal solidarity and determination coupled with extensive private- and public-sector investment lie behind a recovery that is nothing short of astonishing .	Sadly , the area remains squalid and uninhabitable .	2
Jon climbed the rocks and sat down in the same spot he had two nights ago .	Jon had found the spot he was in previously and settled down in the exact location he had remembered .	0
And Dissent	There were some who concurred and others who dissented .	1
i only watch one soap opera a day and it seems to me and that 's probably about once every two months since my husband retired it seems to me so often times that they cut into that soap opera with what i don 't really consider as earth shaking i guess maybe i think sometimes the uh the coverage is almost too intent	My husband didn 't want to be retired .	1
Madeira cake and wine are extremely long-lasting , so you can safely bring some back .	Neither Madeira cake nor wine will make it past airport security .	2
Others are not convinced Qumran was an Essene outpost ; instead , the Dead Sea Scrolls might represent a collection of ancient Jewish writings brought to the caves from Jerusalem before its destruction in a.d. 70 .	Qumran was an Essene outpost for over 200 years .	1
so we both have a secret background that says somehow or another we just knew we were piano players and never g ot a chance uh	Our open background describes that we were piano players .	1
Other agencies either had no such electronic dockets or their systems were not as comprehensive or sophisticated as DOT 's system .	Other agencies didn 't have systems as good as DOT 's .	0
The Resurgence of Growth in the Late 1990 Is Information Technology the Story ?	Growth began again in the late 1990 's .	0
See appendix II for a detailed description of the long-term modeling methodology .	Appendix II does not contain a detailed description of the long-term modeling methodology .	2
To some degree , all interventions described in the emergency setting are motivational .	All interventions in the emergency setting are motivational to some degree .	0
they don 't either well well the first one i joined they went out of business and they transferred it to another one that was really far away	When they went out of business , they just move it to somewhere that was a distance from here	0
The 17th-century bronze statue of a wild boar known as il Porcellino , on the south side of the small Mercato Nuovo , is every Florentine child 's favorite .	The wild boar statue il Porcellino frightens the local children .	2
But God gave man dominion over the beasts of the If an animal has economic utility , we should farm it .	But God made man the lowest of all animals .	2
Orders should be sent	If the orders are not sent soon delivery may be late .	1
A week later , I called the local number to confirm , and confirm they They confirmed that my reservation was for Sunday .	The place is closed for Sunday .	2
The Commission did not invoke any of the exemptions or special procedures authorized by section 605 in preparing its regulatory flexibility analyses .	The commission didn 't invoke any exemptions or special procedures .	0
The fact that they are succeeding tells us something about the magnetic appeal of racial fundamentalism .	They are doing well and that tells us how appealing racial fundamentalism is to those who have racists thoughts .	1
The charming medieval and Renaissance center around the cathedral has been renovated and is now reserved for pedestrians .	Only pedestrians are allowed at the medieval and Renaissance center around the cathedral .	0
Instead he kicked hard and circled low , swinging the wicked axe at Jon 's stomach .	He swung the axe towards his abdomen .	0
This was the residence of the rector of the El-Ahzar Mosque until 200 years ago .	Up until 200 years ago , this was the residence of the rector of El-Ahzar .	0
tribal governments .	Federal governments .	2
Iran is being fingered in two cases of terrorism .	Iran is full of terrorists	1
" Kitchell ? " Drew asked .	Drew was unsure if it was Kitchell or someone else .	1
Popular haunt with budget travellers .	This business is popular with budget travellers .	0
The other was--well , you 'd call it chaos , though it had some laws , if they could be predicted .	There was some semblance of prediction in the chaotic realm .	0
I 'm sorry , sir , but it 's clean gone .	It 's not gone .	2
It was beginning to rain , and I was soon pretty near soaked through .	It was beginning to rain , but I remembered my jacket so I stayed dry the whole time .	2
The final rule contains emission standards and associated regulatory requirements for the control of emissions from locomotives and locomotive engines as required by section 213 ( a ) ( 5 ) of the Clean Air Act .	Vehicle emissions can be extremely dangerous for the environment .	1
Come , he said , " now to examine the coffee-cups ! "	" Investigate the coffee cups immediately ! " , he said .	0
Let 's have a what do you call it in book-keeping ? "	In book-keeping , what do you call it ?	0
The cover story details how costly divorce can be for rich executives .	The cover story lets the readers know that it doesn 't cost much to leave your husband .	2
Cherpitel reported that patient self-report of drinking prior to arrival had a sensitivity of 29 % for alcohol problems in the ED .	39 % of people that self reported their drinking activity had an alcohol problem .	2
yeah that that that 's really nice that they started doing that because it 's the problem is you take them to some place nice and and you know the um even a place where they have to to sit down even if they really get kids they get they get bored in a hurry	Kids can sit quietly and entertain themselves for long periods of time .	2
Today the plaza is lined with upmarket , one-of-a-kind specialty shops , pleasant European-style sidewalk cafe , and swarms of the wealthy and the wannabes .	The area is financially accessible for both wealthy and average people .	1
Was this girl in league with his enemies ?	The man had 14 enemies .	1
Look here , and here , and here !	She looked here and in a few other places .	1
But the New York Times ' Ben Brantley claims the play bears the rare mark of theatrical it is rooted in specific , even earthy details but it sets off echoes that go way beyond its sad story .	Ben Brantley considers this play to be a comedy .	2
Kanha is famo us , widely acknowledged as the best place for seeing an Indian tiger in the wild .	Kanha is a great experience , but also dangerous due to tigers roaming around with nothing to stop them from attacking you .	1
I think that for the first time we realized that the thing was not a bad dream , but a tangible reality .	We could none of us face the reality of our lives .	2
Starting next month , lawyers must report to the courts how much free or low-fee legal work they do for the poor and charities , with a goal of 50 hours a year .	Most of the lawyers are shooting for the 50 hour goal .	1
'But for now I think I 'd prefer to view it as the single act of a madman .	This is a large conspiracy .	2
Testing provides the basis for making decisions on whether to accept contract deliverables .	The basis for making decisions is gained through testing .	0
Stay in the alcove until I fire , then cut down the first two on your right to block them from your escape .	They were heavily outnumbered in the battle .	1
and you knew it had had been through a whole lot	It went through many things .	0
For example , to demonstrate the product was ready for production , critical processes had to be in control and testing should have demonstrated the product reliability .	The demonstration was supposed to indicate the product reliability .	0
I 'd upload the Ben Sim into his body a day earlier , spend the afternoon playing chess .	I wouldn 't play chess .	2
It 's really a great service , he said .	He thinks the service is wonderful .	0
In addition , California Supreme Court Chief Justice Ronald George made access to justice issues a top priority , and a growing community of judicial , legal and civic leaders committed to expanding legal aid is working to ensure that what little funding is available is used in the most efficient way possible .	They did not want to see the funds get wasted on those that did not need it .	1
An article argues that projected budget surpluses rest on the shaky assumption that Congress will maintain budget ceilings by slicing popular domestic programs .	Congress will not cut funding from any programs whatsoever .	2
Its annual growth rate dropped from positive 9.9 percent in 1987-90 to negative 1.6 percent in 1990-93 and further to negative	Its annual growth rate decreased less than 10 percent .	0
In the box ?	The box is large and ornate .	1
Fenner signaled once more and the train began the slower trip southward .	The train began its trip after Fenner gave a signal again .	0
and i well i used to i learned how to knit when i was little my grandmother knitted a lot	I picked up knitting from my grandmother when I was a child .	0
Back on the main road north ( past Poiso ) is the enchanting spot of Ribeiro Frio , more a bend in the road than a town .	The enchanting spot of Ribeiro Frio is back on the main road north , past Polso .	0
In addition , if during the performance of the attestation engagement , risk factors or other conditions are identified that cause the auditors to believe that an additional response is required , such factors or other conditions , and any future response the auditors concluded was appropriate , should be documented .	Risk factors are identified for things that cause auditors to suspect a response is required .	0
There 's been no Apache sign down there , and Running Fox will accompany you only not so openly as to be noticed .	An Apache sign was seen down there .	2
NATO has insisted all along that Milosevic must allow a well-armed international force in Kosovo to protect the ethnic Albanians .	NATO insisted that ethnic Albanians must be protected and that well armed international force must be allowed by Milosevic in Kosovo .	0
The worst part of the war on drugs is its hypocrisy .	The war on drugs is flawless and effective .	2
No , my dear sir .	Yes , my poor sir .	2
uh let 's see what 's the word they have fun without doing the drinking and all that	They 're able to enjoy themselves without alcohol .	0
The implied subtext was that this absolves society from any responsibility to do something for children growing up in the South Bronx .	Kids in the South Bronx are generally rich and well off .	2
A passionate Dreyfusard , Monet supported his friend Zola in his defense of the French army officer falsely accused of passing secrets to the Germans .	Monet defended Zola regarding false accusations of the French army officer .	0
i see so you make it uh to that Longhorns Sooners game every year	Every year you make it to the Longhorns vs Sooners game by car .	1
In fact , Congress banned hospitals from increasing resident hires this year .	Hospitals were banned from increasing resident hires this year by Congress but this will be lifted next year .	1
Here , the felucca ( Nile sailboat ) pilots gather , trying to sell an afternoon or sunset trip on their graceful craft , and Nile Cruisers lie several abreast , disgorging their passengers for tours or shopping trips .	There was a sailboat on the Nile .	0
This legislation allowed us to create a technical and scientific career track at a compensation level consistent to the SES .	The legislation helped raise wages for workers .	1
so what do you think uh do you know any people from Puerto Rico	Have you been to Puerto Rico ?	1
published about horse fever and keeping the drainfree below the rainspout and putting a little	Published about horses and proper cleaning methods .	0
What are analysts doing with financial statements ?	Financial statements are analyzed thoroughly	1
It is a true city bustling with activity , dust , and noise .	The city is very large and heavily populated which makes it noisy .	1
While the leather is generally of good quality , some of the goods on offer in the popular tourist resorts suffer from poor stitching , so check the standard of craftsmanship carefully before buying .	Be careful when buying from popular tourist resorts ; check the quality of the product before buying .	0
If either spouse is covered by an employer-sponsored plan , their contributions may not be fully deductible depending on their income .	If either spouse has an employer coveted plan their contributions may not be deductible	0
Currently , we spend about $ 250,000 a year in Clay County , which is about 8 percent of our budget , said Figgins , adding that Clay County clients also represent about 8 percent of the total poverty population served by Legal Aid last year in Duval , Baker , Nassau and Clay counties .	Legal Aid does no serve any people in Clay County .	2
Landslides and small quakes have taken their toll on sites at the Fort , and Giddy House is a perfect example of this .	The Fort was perfectly intact despite small quakes and landslides .	2
whether the live live oaks is not really an oak i guess it 's something oh	The live oaks may technically not actually be oaks .	0
yeah well my my personal preference is is a dog uh i don 't know that uh that i 'd ever want a cat oh i like cats i just wouldn 't wanna own one uh they 're not uh they 're they 're affectionate but they yeah i don 't know i can 't seem to communicate with a cat like i can with my dog	I prefer dogs because cats always pee outside of the litter box .	1
Past Kofukuji is the original wing of the Nara National Museum ( 50 Noboriojicho ; Tel . ( 0742 ) 22-7771 ; open 9am 4 : 30pm daily except Mondays ) , linked by an underground passage to a newer , tile-roofed building just beyond it .	The original wing of the Nara National Museum is connected via an underground passage to a newer building .	0
This willingness to accommodate will alienate the Senate 's ultraconservative firebrands , who seek war against Clinton and the Democrats over the balanced budget , abortion , and flag-burning .	Some ultraconservatives fight Clinton and the Democrats over abortion .	0
They could care less about my ethics .	They extremely value ethics .	2
He looks round , and he sees ” what do you think , mon ami ? " I shook my head .	He took a look around the room .	0
there 's money out there	There is ten thousand dollars available .	1
So it 's like a cockpit .	Its similar to a cockpit .	0
yeah that 's that was uh that 's always been our next step our our our little group of friends here we 've we 've been kind of getting married off and what not but uh that 's	Lots of people in our group of friends have been getting married .	0
well other than i need to go you know more	Without attending more often it will not heal .	1
how do you feel about uh lawn and garden work	What are your thoughts on lawn and garden work ?	0
Advocates like to point out that the waste hasn 't killed anyone , but kids die every year from food poisoning .	It 's important to stop the waste so no more children die .	1
I felt good .	I was feeling good .	0
The rugged southern peninsula is hemmed in by low-lying mountains the Vindhya and Satpura to the north and the Western and Eastern Ghats running parallel to the coasts .	The southern peninsula is surrounded by mountains on both sides .	0
Many of the decisions that are made in front of a judge cannot be reversed later .	The decisions that the judge makes are rarely overruled after the fact .	0
Poussin 's bittersweet Arcadian Shepherds ; Watteau 's melancholy Gilles and graceful Embarkation for Cythera ; Dela ? ­ croix 's Liberty Guiding the People ; and Courbet 's penetrating study of provincial bourgeois life , Funeral at Ornans .	The museum holds a variety of world famous art .	1
The views of the whole of southern Martinique from Mount Vauclin are spectacular .	Mount Vauclin acts as a good vantage point from which to enjoy the wonderful views of the south of Martinique .	0
The Clinger-Cohen Act of 1996 amended the PRA , renaming and elevating former information resources manager positions to executive-level CIOs who report directly to the agency head and have information management as a primary responsibility .	The information resources managers became executive-level CIOs .	0
The complex within , still home to a community of Greek Orthodox priests , is centered around the Church of St. Catherine built in 552 and dedicated to the saint when her remains were discovered nearby ( on Mount St. Catherine ) over 300 years later .	A group of Greek orthodox priests living in a community around the Church of St. Catherine .	0
Who 's that ? Jonofi ( name on ID : John ) asked .	Jonofi , known as John since he was young , asked who it was .	1
Alternative Fiscal Policy Simulations ( 2000-2075 ) 86 Figure 4.3 : Composition of Federal Spending as a Share of GDP	Only one fiscal policy	2
We synthesized a great deal of literature and research on CIO organizations to provide ideas on effective practices in information technology and management .	Effective practices in information technology were synthesized through literature and research .	0
He must sense the colt 's terror of the rope , his horror of the strange human smell the man odor which was so frightening that a blanket hung up at a water hole could keep wild horses away from the liquid they craved .	The colt is made terrified by the rope .	0
because i know i know a couple of people here that work for um the Army um	I 've never met a single person around here who works for the army .	2
" From Eastern ... Texas " That much was true .	The originally were from Las Vegas .	2
Diesenhaus described his use of a slogan and abbreviation for a treatment strategy , Screening , Brief Intervention , and Referral-SBIR .	Diesenhaus used a slogan as a treatment strategy .	0
You can still see Mohammed 's footprint , but you 'll need a guide to point it out .	It is difficult to spot Mohammed 's footprint without help .	1
She had only made it out that very afternoon !	She had only left that same day .	0
yeah three times yeah three uh-huh well i try to go over there at least three times a week and i try to walk um at least five times a week	I go over there three times a week and walk five times .	0
Ashkenazi Israelis include early-20th-century idealists from eastern Europe who founded Israel 's famous kibbutz movement , along with families who escaped from Berlin and Frankfurt in the 1930s and built fashionable Jerusalem neighborhoods such as Rehavia , lined with stone buildings influenced by the Bauhaus and International schools of architecture .	Ashkenazi idealists founded the kibbutz movement in Israel .	0
The effective interest is compared with the stated interest of the investment .	The defective interest could not be compared with the other .	2
20For more information about defining federal investment for long-term economic growth , see Budget Choosing Public Investment Programs ( GAO / AIMD-93-25 , July 23 , 1993 ) and related GAO products listed in appendix V.	Budget Choosing Public Investment Programs was published in August of 2017 .	2
He was probably lucky to have even three friends .	Unfortunately , only three people wanted to be his friends	1
We had different syllables , of course , for use here . " Sather Karf considered it .	Sather Karf refused to listen to any suggestions .	2
Traditional Greek clothing is little in evidence , but most of the islands have narrow lanes festooned with cool cotton or cheesecloth pants , tops , and dresses , all of which are ideal for the summer climate .	Traditional Greek clothing is all that is worn .	2
better than ju st sitting in jail all day not doing anything but but yeah i agree with your point it	I 'd rather they just sit in jail .	2
But after being forewarned , if it happens again , I 'll be hard to convince that you were in the right .	There won 't be any issues if it happens again .	2
Within these disciplines , researchers have defined the case study and discussed its critical elements in a variety of ways .	Those fields have more familiarity with the case study so researchers in other industries didn 't wish to take a stab at it .	1
I slept not at all that night , every time I dozed I saw the war .	I woke up many times that night .	0
Using a variety of methodologies for estimating the unmet legal need of the poor , several states have since reached conclusions similar to the ABA study , including Florida , Georgia , Hawaii , Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , Maryland , Massachusetts , Missouri , Nevada , New York , and Virginia .	Florida gives legal assistance to anyone who needs it .	2
If the receivable is not repaid , the unpaid amount is recognized as an adjustment to the bad debt allowance and does not affect revenue , gains , or other financing sources .	If the receivable is paid , the paid amount is also seen as an adjustment to bad debt allowance .	1
Gigot would have us believe the If Starr rises , Clinton falls ; but if Starr falls , Clinton doesn 't rise .	It is not true that Starr goes up when Clinton goes down .	1
Appeasing Jackson--the Mondale / Dukakis strategy--was far less effective than confronting him--the Clinton strategy .	The Mondale / Dukakis strategy was less effective than the Clinton strategy , appeasing Jackson .	0
are a good start and if you start expressing one liters and one kilograms and then the pounds come in the the you know the odd numbers you know two point two pounds or something i think people will start getting a sense of gee the metric is the sensible one	It has been a terrible beginning .	2
Narrow windows offered a good view of the street festivities .	You could only see the mountain from the window .	2
The Turks adopted the Indian cuisine and costume as well as a modified form of the Hindu caste system .	Indian cuisine and costumes were adopted by the Turks .	0
Then follow-up interviews would have to do less alcohol intake assessment , and that would mean less intervention effect on the control group .	More alcohol intake assessments would need to happen during follow-up interviews .	2
are you getting a lot of static on your end of the line	Are you hearing static on your end of the line ? If so , it might be your phone .	1
The showrooms are for trade only , meaning the only way you can make purchases is to buy through an interior designer .	Anyone can go to the showroom to buy things .	2
uh well i work at the main set in Dallas yeah uh-huh	I work the main set in Dallas .	0
What 's the melting point of this sky material ? He never did manage to make Sather Garm understand what a melting point was .	Sather could not understand what a melting point is because he is stupid .	1
For another example , to determine whether actions taken by the states since the mid-1970 's to address medical malpractice insurance reduced insurance costs , the number of claims filed , and the average amount paid per claim , HRD conducted case studies in six selected states ( Arkansas , California , Florida , Indiana , New York , and California ) .	HRD conducted studies to determine the results of actions taken against malpractice insurance .	0
I was tempted to misquote Mae God has nothing to do with it , honey .	Go influences everything .	2
It 's against all reason ! " Indeed , he felt it to be impossible more , perhaps , because he could not believe in his own success where so many others had failed .	He knew it was entirely possible even though many others had failed .	2
The Washingtonbased groups promote public interest work .	There are organizations from Washington who are advocates of public interest work .	0
and perhaps it 's because our campaigns have become so terribly expensive to run uh that only the most wealthy can do so	you don 't really need much money to run a campaign , as several candidates have proven these past few years	2
and it was like they just died or something you know	It seemed like there were dead because of the lack of activity in their house	1
Look for the elaborate oriental lines of the Mosque of Abu El Abbas on your right .	The Church of Jesus is on your right , look for the elaborate bronze lines .	2
The Modern Researcher , 3rd ed .	The researcher is up to current methods	1
This has created a great deal of confusion .	It made things very confusing .	0
This site provides standards , guidance , and information on internal auditing best practices for its members .	This site has been designed specifically with new members in mind .	1
The castle has always been considered the heart of Edinburgh , but its site is older than the city Excavations show evidence of settlement in the Bronze Age ( ca.900 b.c. ) . It dominates the skyline , sitting atop Castle Rock .	The castle is Edinburgh 's trademark location and it defines the cit .	1
The Hong Kong Chinese Orchestra performs new and traditional works ; a wide assortment of traditional and Chinese instruments are featured .	Both new and traditional works are performed by the Hong Kong Chinese Orchestra .	0
i haven 't seen it in a long time but Sesame Street is still really good	I think Sesame Street is a horrible show .	2
Schiele is one of modernism 's more exotic honorable mentions , says the New York Times ' Holland Cotter .	Schiele does not deserve any sort of recognition according to the Times .	2
kind of most of them are reruns and you know stuff like that that 's why i kind of stick to the movies if they 're good uh that one sounds good though that was on last night i didn 't get a chance to i didn 't get home till ten so yeah	A lot of the movies that are on are repeats and I 've already seen them .	0
True , technology empowers millions of potential copyright violators .	Technology is necessary for copyright violations .	1
The district on the opposite bank of the river was once a fortified enclave , inhabited mainly by market gardeners who used to sell their wares from barges on the river .	The market gardeners made a fortune from their wares by selling from barges .	1
Information Retrieval System ( AIRS ) to generate ozone concentrations for the entire ozone season .	AIRS is used to generate ozone concentration for the length of an ozoe season	0
and he 'll call us up and say let 's go and so we 'll meet you know real early in the morning people think we 're crazy because we get up so early in the morning but i love it	I love getting up so early in the morning .	0
so what kind of eating out do you prefer do you like	So what type of restaurants or takeaways would you like ?	0
Research Priorities for Airborne Particulate Immediate Priorities and a Long-Range Research Portfolio .	There are no such things as research priorities for Airborne Particulate .	2
wailing at the loss of his fine thatch and simultaneously unable to keep from stroking his mown , velvety skull .	He had grown his hair out for a very long time before it was cut away .	1
or if we go out for dinner say to a nice restaurant um that 'll come out of that	We use that to pay for things like eating out .	0
'I think you should attack now , ' I pressed .	No one should be attacking I thought .	2
Opposite , and from the same era , is the Examination Hall , where concerts are given occasionally when no examinations are in progress , but is otherwise rarely open to the public ( look through the spy hole in the door ! )	Concerts and examinations happen at the same time in the Examination Hall .	2
Now there 's just a chance , I admit it 's only a chance , that this woman may have been ' Rita . ' 	There is a possibility that Rita is this woman .	0
Although Ibiza is best known for its gay nightlife , Mallorca , and to a lesser extent Menorca , also have a spate of nightlife options aimed at alternative lifestyles .	Ibiza has a huge Gay Pride festival each year .	1
GAO testified on the need for the four land management agencies to act quickly to develop a framework to spend funds effectively and to account accurately for what they accomplish with the funds .	GAO did not care what the agencies did with the funds .	2
On this road , too , are attractive pottery flowerpots in the shape of elephants and other creatures .	There are flower pots along this road as well .	0
i i i think yeah there is i i i think uh law would be a fine field a fine profession fine field to go into um i know one time i was in a political science class and you know talking about fields people going into different fields i made an off off the cuff remark about lawyers about their integrity being questionable and i mean oh that was like a can of worms no	I used to think that all lawyers are bad people .	1
that i have a similar problem i 've got to have time or i don 't even want to get into it in the first place	In order to get into it , I have to have time .	0
Too much direct sunlight - 1 percent .	The sun is shining more than most would prefer .	1
In addition , the recent bankruptcy of Enron has served to increase congressional interest in energy policy , in general , and NEPDG activities , in particular .	Even with Enron 's bankruptcy , Congress has no interest in energy policies .	2
The technology staffs of all the programs attending the conference ( including OPP staff ) convene the day before the conference begins to lend technical expertise to the legal services program in the host city .	The technology staffs who attend the conference get together the day before to help the legal services program in NYC .	1
yeah i 'd seen the storm you were talking about when it hit um up around the Chicago area uh they had a little film clip about how bad it was up there and i just could not believe how much ice that thing was carrying with it	the storm had a ton of ice	0
right you know i 've heard about that uh also for tennis shoes there was uh uh a big surge going on oh just last year i think where uh kids like in New York uh were uh knocking off other kids to get their tennis shoes	Kids all buy their own shoes .	2
It takes more than half an hour , time enough to pacify your hunger with another dish for which Spain is tortilla espanola ( Spanish omelette ; no connection with Mexican tortillas ) .	Tortilla espanola takes even longer to be prepared .	2
thinking less of your own needs but of other people	It is good to help out others .	1
well that 's what i 'm doing May third i 'm going to sit right here watch it	I will be on a camping trip the whole first week of may .	2
After Cook 's voyage , a small but steady flow of American and European vessels , already engaged in the China trade , started to use Hawaii as a convenient , much-needed stopover .	American traders praised Cook for introducing Hawaii to their routes .	1
Wonder what she 's been up to .	Wonder what she has been doing .	0
the uh what is it the Flagship	Is it the flagship ?	0
But investment opportunities in Japan are limited , so that businesses will not invest all those savings even at a zero interest rate .	Businesses don 't invest their savings when they don 't make any money at it .	1
It was a slack time .	That period of time was one where nothing important was happening .	0
Title 7 provisions form the basis for our positions developed in response to agencies ' requests for our views on proposed new payment systems or modifications to streamline the operations of existing systems .	The agencies requested us to give them feedback .	1
buy two more	Sell two more .	2
and i grew up in Saint Louis and Saint Louis was much the same	I grew up in St Louis .	0
The significance of a matter is its relative importance to the audit objectives and potential users of the audit report .	It doesn 't matter if something is important to the audit 's objectives .	2
Scuba ( an acronym for Self-Contained Underwater Breathing Apparatus ) is taught and offered at major hotels .	Scuba is quite a popular sport for tourists that visit beaches .	1
Many responses remark on our sedentary youth , barely able to leave the couch , let alone the house , sedated by the television , the Nintendo , the ennui , the Quaaludes .	The remarks are only about how active and outdoorsy today 's youth are .	2
Immediately after Gion , on the 24th and 25th , Osaka holds its flamboyant and mammoth Tenjin Matsuri , starting from the Temmangu shrine .	The Tenjin Matsuri is a big festival that is celebrated everywhere .	1
It turns out instead to be a far-fetched clock , an 1850 folly , incorporating simulated water jets and a large music box .	It is a far-fetched clock that has water jets and a music box .	0
well good luck to you too bye-bye	She said " Good luck to you . Bye-bye ! "	1
The important question is not whether Clinton had sex with her and lied about it but what the country should do about this .	We should figure out what the country should do about Clinton 's situation .	0
However , one monument to its past is the Million Dollar Theater ( 307 South Broadway ) with its whimsical terra-cotta ornamentation .	Terra-cotta ornamentation can be found at the Million Dollar Theater .	0
The magazine hiked ad rates accordingly , pricing quirky advertisers out of the magazine in favor of big national ones .	Small business are now unable to afford ads in the magazine .	0
Down the slope they went , Slim , as usual , in the rear .	Slim was the last one down the slope .	0
Enter the Shoguns	The Shoguns were moving quickly .	1
i guess i 'm still i 'm a maybe Victorian and my husband is a little bit of a male chauvinist in that	I am somewhat a Victorian while my husband is chivalrous in that regard .	0
In the meantime , the influential ideas of the French Revolution were spreading .	Many people were finding that the French Revolution 's ideas made sense in light of their circumstances .	1
Thank you . Tommy closed the notebook with a brisk snap .	Tommy quickly closed the notebook .	0
i know Arkansas was good i can 't believe	Arkansas was terrible .	2
The nuns in question fled here from Santa Clara Convent in the 16th century to escape raiding pirates .	Pirates raided the Santa Clara Convent in the 16th century .	0
We couldn 't possibly duplicate it now .	There is no way to make a copy .	0
From experience , he knew that the less defined the flavor , the better the manager liked it .	The manager preferred complex flavors .	2
so let me guess it 's the Dallas Cowboys	The Denver Broncos ?	2
i got to where i decided i wanted to pay more rent and get a private bedroom and then we had two baths it was just one the little bathroom were the thing that really bothered me because i felt real closed in	I eventually decided that I had no intention of paying for more rent .	2
well they wouldn 't let me name the dog	They let me name the dog Floyd .	2
There is nothing recognizably local in the tourist areas , except for the rather bland Israeli folklore shows staged in the hotels .	There are many recognizably local features in the tourist areas .	2
A National Estimate of the Economic Costs of Asthma .	The Estimate of the Economic Costs of Asthma in the Nation .	0
Brown and cream Sherries are olorose , and so is an amorose though it 's medium dry and pale in colour .	Amorose if preferred for its medium flavor .	1
With regard to causality , researchers using case study methods cannot rely on familiar ways of ruling out alternative explanations .	When using case study methods they can use some familiar ways but it is easier not to rely on them .	1
The massive Gothic interior is lightened by the brightly colored paving and groin-vaulting .	The interior has only four small windows , located on the highest levels of the structure .	1
A block east is the distinguished Museo Arqueologico ( c / Serrano , 13 ) .	The art is rather close to where you are .	1
yeah oh that will be nice yeah do you have a feel for how many people there are when you get together	We typically have around fifty people .	1
He 's gone , said Adrin .	Adrin told us that he was here .	2
'Hello . ' It wasn 't the strongest start in the world , but it was a classic .	'Hello ' is a classic beginning .	0
uh-huh you 're reading Dune	You 're not reading anything right now .	2
and she and she was so she was so hot and miserable you know in the skirt she finally tried to go buy you know a pair of pants but you know i mean it was just completely miserable for her	She wanted to go somewhere cooler .	1
It has an excellent beach , and bistrosen the port serve excellent seafood .	It has a rocky , unappealing beach , and there are no restaurants nearby .	2
Pinturicchio , master of narrative fresco and a student of Perugino , is represented by his Miracles of the Saints .	Perugino is portrayed by his Miracles of the Saints .	2
The independence and objectivity of stock analysts reporting is also a matter of concern .	There is no concern in how stock analysts reporting is done .	2
yeah yeah yeah oh gosh my kids are going to be hating me i guess i 'll give them a bike and say here 's it till you can afford to pay the insurance you know	I 'll buy my kids a car immediately instead of waiting .	2
But he was among the first to explore them with a level of intellectual verve and artistic sophistication that suggested to blacks and the world that there was , within the American dilemma of race , not only the expression of mere local and immediate political protest but the broad and rich possibilities of the human condition itself .	He explored the issue of race in a wider context than before .	0
yeah they do i talked to this old woman that was a retired administrator in Ohio one night about education and she was	I once had a conversation about education with a woman who , before she retired , had worked as an administrator .	0
The wikala , now fully restored , hosts an arts center where you can view and buy pieces by local artists .	There is an arts center in the wikala .	0
TO MARGUERITE ! " Tommy had run back to the stairs .	Tommy held the banister at the foot of the stairs .	1
National Integrating New and Existing Technology and Information Sharing into an Effective Homeland Security Strategy	An effective homeland security strategy cannot be created without new technology .	1
Wolf first began advising Clinton when her husband , David Shipley , worked as a White House speechwriter .	David Shipley and his wife were brought to the White House by Clinton at the same time	2
fill them up that way but it something that 's smaller would be a lot more convenient	It would be easier if they were smaller .	0
yeah i 've done some cross um cross stitch but i never count right and i always have to either take it out or have my picture slightly off centered or or something it never has worked it out completely right	I 'm an expert at cross stitch and my pictures are always perfect .	2
Bauerstein , " said Lawrence quickly .	Lawrence spoke quickly .	0
Unlike the wildlife of the African plain , most of the animals of the Malaysian jungle are not very conspicuous .	Animals in the Malaysian jungle are difficult to see .	0
Had Flytrap never occurred , Gore surely would be running on the Clinton-Gore economic boom .	Because of Flytrap , Gore is now running on the Clinton-Gore economic boom .	2
An exhibition hall displays several versions as to how the building may have previously looked , and plaster-casts of the friezes that once decorated its walls ; the originals are in the British Museum in London .	The people really resent that the British stole their friezes and won 't give them back .	1
The House should not take up impeachment until the hostilities have ended .	The House will begin impeachment immediately .	2
squash or something like that plant one of those and it takes up your whole space	A squash doesn 't take up much room .	2
I should have to request absolute secrecy for the time being .	I will ask for total secrecy for now .	0
Is it not customary for anyone purchasing poison to sign a book ?	Isn 't it customary for people to give a signature when purchasing food ?	2
For drivers in a hurry , the network of toll autoroutes is first class , linking up most of the major cities and still expanding .	There is a network of autoroutes that links the major cities .	0
The magazine 's humor often depended on racist and sexist stereotypes , such as wide-grinned , watermelon-eating blacks .	Racist and sexist humor were offered by the magazine .	0
161 " No .	Absolutely not	0
Juan Gonzalez yeah he looks to be a a up and coming uh performer	Juan Gonzalez has been a terrible performer so far .	2
The narthex , or entrance hall to the nave , is crowned by a magnificent sculpted tympanum of Jesus enthroned after the Resurrection , preaching his message to the Apostles .	The narthex is the entrance to the cave .	2
I have prepared a list of them ” names and addresses .	I have made a list .	0
Finally they altered their tactics .	They changed their strategy at length .	0
it 's a very strange car i don 't know you if you have them down there but it 's a Saab	It is a normal car that you have down there .	2
You can travel by elephant up through the Suraj Pol ( Sun Gate ) to the Jaleb Chauk , a garden courtyard swarming with langur monkeys and surrounded by elephant stables .	The sun gate isn 't accessible and you can 't go there .	2
In fact , I guess it was worse--once I get used to looking like this , I think I 'll get to like it .	I won 't ever like how it looks .	2
And I personally believe that the quality and effectiveness of advocacy also has improved over the last four years .	I have been studying the quality of advocacy over the past four years .	1
Kendal Green cloth was famed throughout the land from the Middle Ages onward it was said to have been worn by Robin Hood .	Robin Hood is said to have donned Kendal Green cloth .	0
Finally , its share of total First-Class Mail dropped from 14 .	Its share of total First-Class Mail increased from 19 .	2
As a free market aficionado , I am intoxicated by the prospect of one-stop shopping for houses , cars , Beanie Babies , and underwear , all at prices that adjust instantly to the demands of consumers around the globe .	One-stop shopping has prices that adjust instantly to the demands of customers .	0
There was no one in the hall .	The hall was unoccupied as it was not booked for use at that hour .	1
In the mystical pillared interior is Andrea Orcagna 's elaborate 14th-century Gothic tabernacle with a miracle-working icon-like Madonna painted by Bernardo Daddi .	Bernardo Daddi built the tabernacle and Andrea Orcagna painted the Madonna .	2
oh yeah yes a lot of them do get their sentences commuted to something else	The sentences of the prisoners are final and are never modified .	2
They are kept neat and tidy , with water-sports facilities and areas for changing and showering .	The changing rooms are cleaned frequently .	1
Its reconstruction was begun by Alexander the Great ( his decisive victory over the Persians at Gaugamela in 331 b.c. was predicted by the oracle ) , and continued for many centuries , but the temple was never completed ; note that some of the columns remain unfluted .	The oracle predicted Alexander the Great 's victory over the Persians .	0
Could be that they knew you ride for Hunt and that made you just the game they wanted . "	A spy told them that you ride for Hunt .	1
For the time being they were baffled , and could do nothing .	They were confused and powerless at the moment .	0
uh when they get to junior high school high school and even college i mean my sister went to college um started about three years ago and she had to have a a computer	My sister bought an expensive computer for college .	1
Dittany ( daktamus ) is a popular Cretan herb that is boiled to make tea .	Dittany is a poisonous herb that Cretans use in religious ceremonies .	2
These values do not reflect the adjustment for changes in real income over time that is included in the benefit valuations in our national benefits summaries .	These numbers accurately include the adjustements for real income over time .	2
It just sounds wrong .	That 's the best way to express it .	2
Army records show that when the remains of Japanese soldiers killed in the Mariana Islands were repatriated in 1984 , some 60 percent of the corpses were headless .	Army records said the Japanese soldiers had been tortured .	1
There is little here of any interest except the traditional Bedouin market , held every Thursday morning .	There is a Bedouin market every Thursday morning .	0
Time ' s cover story questions the intent of the movement 's leaders .	The intentions of the leaders was affirmed by the cover story .	2
Issues in Data Synthesis .	There aren 't any problems at all when synthesizing data .	2
The sound of trickling water made him turn and see Adrin urinating near by .	The woman yelled at the man to use a proper restroom .	2
uh uh yeah i see that	I never saw that .	2
I will ask you nothing .	I want to ask you about everything .	2
For example , one agency representative told us that she was unaware until recently of the DOT docket management system .	A representative said that the DOT docket system was a new thing .	1
North of the River	South of the River .	2
Boots made from soft goat hide are part of the national costume ( women 's versions have red leather trim around the ankle ) .	They wear boots made of cow hide and chicken feathers .	2
The crowd booed , and when Trotter was asked to repeat the question , she rephrased Our viewers are curious .	Trotter 's statement made the crowd uncomfortable .	1
To reap the full benefits of financial reform , federal finance organizations must go beyond the audit opinion toward	Federal finance organizations can never get the full benefits of the financial reform .	2
It 's like one of those Westerns where the town barber is also the postmaster and the saloonkeeper .	In Westerns , the town barber was usually the postmaster and the saloon keeper .	0
She outlived him and returned to the castle after his death .	He outlived her and , following her death , refused to ever return to the castle .	2
Third , performance management systems provide the necessary information and documentation to deal with poor performers .	The information and documentation provided by the management systems if flawless .	1
The cover story attributes teen-agers ' mercurial behavior to underdeveloped brains .	Underdeveloped brains might be the reason behind teenagers ' behavior .	0
In 1990 , Milliken supplied crucial seed money to the Economic Strategy Institute , a think tank headed by former Reagan administration official Clyde Prestowitz ; thereafter , he contributed more than 10 percent of ESI 's budget .	Milliken only contributed to the Economic Strategy Institute once .	2
For these believers in the efficient market , a company 's stock price always reflects its true value .	The stock price does not reflect the true value of the company according to efficient market adherents .	2
An Analysis of the Potential for Cream Skimming in the U.S.	This is a novel written by Pete Jacobson .	1
Poirot stepped forward briskly .	Poirot kept standing in one spot .	2
Do you think I don 't know ?	Do you think I knew it all along ?	2
There is no net inflow of resources .	There isn 't a net flow inflow of resources .	0
my husband it 's not a job that i enjoy at all	The job I don 't like is something I have my husband do .	1
The railroad was coming , and when it arrived , Las Vegas would never be the same again .	With a railroad in place , casino owners started flocking into Las Vegas , making it what it is now .	1
and always thought you know that being raised in the midwest you really didn 't see any crimes really any more heinous than uh shoplifting	Being raised in the Midwest , you didn 't see any crimes worse than shoplifting .	0
The Mar Menor is a sportsman 's paradise .	Sportsmen love the Mar Menor .	0
The efficient , effective , and innovative use of information technology requires a level of leadership and focus that goes beyond what would be provided in a technical support function .	Leadership qualities hold equal importance along with technical knowledge .	1
In particular , applying the model demonstrates that the burden of USO is very great for Poste Italiane and other posts with small per capita volumes .	There is no burden on small volumes .	2
In this case the principle--giving First Amendment protection to campaign spending but not to contributions--is widely mocked from both directions .	Giving protection to campaign spending but not to campaign contributions is widely mocked .	0
Without them , as you say , we can do nothing .	There are many things that we could do with out .	1
The most prominent structure built in Sant Francesc is its 18th-century church .	Sant Francesc does not have a church .	2
The bandit 's blade swung again but Vrenna countered .	Then , Vrenna swung and landed her sword in the bandits back .	1
yeah like what	What is it not like ?	2
This ranch-restaurant-guest house is something of a local institution , not to mention a novelty .	The guesthouse is akin to a local institution and novelty .	0
No wonder they took their ease in the Tubacca plaza .	No wonder they went to Tubacca plaza to take it easy .	0
We received a beautiful blanket from some out-of-town friends whom we see about once a year .	We have some friends that don 't live around here and they gave us a blanket .	0
Museums that will appeal to children are the Fry Model Railway Museum at Malahide Castle Estate ( see page 75 ) , while the National Wax Museum ( Granby Row , Dublin 1 ; Tel . 872 6340 ) has a special Children 's World tableau depicting well-known fairy-tale characters and a Hall of the Megastars devoted to pop musicians .	The National Wax Museum charges no admission fee .	1
it it it doesn 't come out um it doesn 't come out of long term savings like we were we were um saving savings bonds too for oh years and years and years and now i 'm getting up towards retirement age so we stopped stopped the the savings bonds and we 're going maxed out on CODA and then you know other things like you know CD 's	We managed to save a lot of money for my retirement .	1
Newsweek ' s cover story slams modern All the good spots are swamped with tourists .	Newsweek said there were twelve thousand tourists .	1
The West tolerates Russia 's atrocities because it has no choice and because it is better for Russia to take out its aggression on its own citizens than to go adventuring abroad .	The West tries to make Russia pay for its atrocities .	2
The virtual equality of the average carrier time to serve urban and rural customers is a major finding of this paper .	The average carrier time for urban customers is included in this paper .	0
Recognizing this guidance would not affect the 1997 CSR data , which had already been submitted by the grantees , but wanting to improve the accuracy of future CSR data , LSC sought to heighten the awareness of grantees to the CSR requirements and to focus their attention on potential problem areas .	The 1997 CSR data wouldn 't be affected by this guidance .	0
yeah now that 's something i like about the country there 's not a whole lot of crime over there as far as petty crime you know they	There aren 't many petty crimes in the location .	0
The finely arched front doors are often at the top of a sturdy staircase over the street-level cellar .	It is custom for sturdy staircases to be covered by finely arched front doors .	1
This spiritual retreat , 10 km ( 6 miles ) north of Pondicherry , was started in 1968 by a French disciple of the teachings of the Indian sage , Sri Aurobindo .	The spiritual retreat was started by a French disciple in 1968 .	0
The house has been fully restored and offers an excellent example of fine Cairene architecture .	The house took 25 years to be restored .	1
Knights of old placed their hands on this 12th-century sepulchre when they took their oaths .	The oaths were taken with hands placed on the 12th-century sepulchre .	0
But his office deserves and demands it .	His office asks of it and deserves it .	0
And each year at festival time , Edinburgh willingly gives its streets over to stilt walkers , automatons , satirists , and barbershop quartets along with 500,000 visitors belying its reputation for being sober and staid .	The streets are empty at festival time .	2
Procedures for Developing Base Year and Future Year Mass and Modeling Inventories for the Heavy-Duty Engine and Vehicle Standards and Highway Diesel Fuel ( HDD ) Rulemaking .	Procedures for base year and future year inventories .	0
Reorganization makes it hazardous to specify room numbers , but the paintings are generally exhibited chronologically from the 13th to the 18th century .	The exhibited paintings are shown chronologically and in alphabetical order .	1
Still , when problems crop up after the wedding , you can go to The Marriage Toolbox , which derides the outdated advice of yesteryear 's home-economics textbooks in favor of an online journaling technique that helps you release your inner kvetch .	You can write your complaints in The Marriage Toolbox to help you cope with some issues .	1
We may be able to help .	We are not able to help .	2
Not far from the Municipal Park , the Calahorra Tower , Guardian of Elche , once formed part of the main gate in the long-vanished wall that surrounded Elche in Moorish times .	The Calahorra Tower is quite a distance from the Municipal Park .	2
This was a dilemma for the Tokugawa government .	The impasse of the Tokugawa government was fixed with great efforts .	1
she started some type of um national um organization for youth to volunteer to teach tutor other kids to read and you know do different service projects like that and trying to get youth more directed towards	She planned to create a national youth organization for tutoring kids but she never got the funding for it .	2
What put her up to clearing out ?	The speaker definitely knows why she cleared out .	2
Users can choose English , Spanish or Vietnamese .	Unfortunately the English language is not a choice .	2
For purposes of this study , we define these components as follows .	There are just a few components of the study .	1
Two weeks later my wife , my son , and I were in the East Room of the White House , tears streaming down our cheeks as Richard Nixon said farewell to his staff .	My family and I were in the White House on Nixon 's last day .	1
These agreements varied among the some agreements were general , while others were specific .	Some of the arguments were specific and some were general .	0
KAETHE ( Offering the briefcase ) : NOW can you ordain me ?	Keep the briefcase , I don 't want to be ordained .	2
yeah have you ever had crawfish	You want to eat some fish with me ?	2
This busy , modern European city sits on a thousand years of history history is present everywhere , from elegant Merrion Square to the bullet holes on the General Post Office .	This modern European city is old .	1
Tuppence , for her part , sat bolt upright much in the attitude of a watchful terrier on guard .	Tuppence sat completely straight like a guard dog .	0
Web entrepreneurs left Europe in the dust .	The web entrepreneurs have saved Europe 's economy .	2
Have you ever heard that name ? "	Have you ever met anyone with that name ?	1
Also , the King 's mummy is the only one still in situ many others are on display in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo .	The King 's mummy is on display in Cairo .	2
Some of these shops have been operated by the same families for hundreds of years .	Some shops are family operated for hundreds of years .	0
No accident The News was produced by Alex Castellanos , one of the new members of Dole 's media team .	Dole made sure that Alex Castellanos produced the news .	1
From the eastern side of the Temple Mount is a marvelous view of the Mount of Olives and the Garden of Gethsemane .	There is a marvelous view of the Mount of Olives and the Garden of Gethsemane from the eastern side of the Temple Mount .	0
The king seemed more interested in his mistresses than in running a tight ship of state .	It looked like the king was more interested in his looks .	2
have you been involved on the switchboard long	Do you have extensive switchboard experience ?	1
You 'll get better views of Mount Kanchenjunga and Mount Everest and pass through lovely forests of chestnut , magnolia , and rhododendron .	You cannot see any mountains from this area .	2
yeah i know it 's i i i i don 't understand where the priority is it 's uh like in Atlanta they have um they have mandatory catalytic converter inspections	It feels like everyone has the wrong priorities compared to Atlanta .	1
Assuming the train didn 't break itself apart before then .	The train might fall apart before then .	0
The election could just as easily be a contest among several candidates--such as Bob Kerrey , Bill Bradley , Tom Daschle , and Gore--all of them trying to emulate Clinton 's flight on both wings .	The candidates are trying to emulate Barack Obama .	2
only we started off ours with we had we had pets before we had kids that 's why i thought when you were saying you know we 're going to have one in two months or something perhaps that you were newly married	We started our marriage when we had pets already .	0
The Louvre	The museum	0
and apart of that we haven 't really done much of anything except for uh separating your newspapers and taking those to uh an area that they 've designated um but in uh in the office place we 've been doing it for some time separating our uh uh computer paper from our normal garbage	We put some effort into segregating our waste .	0
Well , , I considered .	I thought about it .	0
i know and boy it gets really scary when you start talking to them um i have a an eleven year old daughter now who 's saying gee dad i want to be an allergist and i said that 's wonderful i applaud that let me explain to you how you get scholarships to do that	I teach my daughter how to get scholarships for the area she wants to study in college .	0
He could not be facing wild Apaches or Navajos .	He couldn 't be standing toward Indians .	0
for for local news i think we do real well where it 's we live in a kind of small town but i think we get excellent local coverage um and i like the national news that we see we we watch NBC and i think they do a real good job so i 'm i 've been real pleased with the quality of the news we get how about you	The local coverage in our small town is excellent , while the national news that we see is pretty good too .	0
For example , entering the word airbag in the keyword search box yielded a listing of 39 rulemaking documents , including agency reports , hearing summaries , and comments filed by other interested parties .	Searching for brake pads will produce 50 rule making documents .	1
This site contains information on membership , a calendar of events , and links to AFFIRM 's publications .	This site contains no links to any publications .	2
I asked the young man with some curiosity what he had done with the photograph .	I asked him where the photo was at now .	0
The anonymous message board on greedyassociates has dramatically expanded that network , and now information about the latest salary increase or layoffs is shared instantaneously with thousands of associates throughout the country .	Greedyassociates is known for reducing the network and revealing information about new hires soon after they join their organizations .	2
Bloodshed began as soon as the Partition boundaries were set .	The partition was never set .	2
and i have uh returned about every four or five years to thinking that i would like to do something about it i usually get to the point where i can play some of my favorite themes and then inevitably i am swept away by the the pressure of other types of things uh	I want to learn how to play guitar because I like theme music .	1
Sir James turned to her .	Sir James was facing her .	2
In addition , state and local governments , including law enforcement and first responder personnel , and the private sector also have critical roles to play .	The private sector fulfills a critical role .	0
it 's just yeah it 's just over just uh about five ten minutes ago i guess it was a good game uh they won by about eight i think	It concluded about around ten minutes ago , you can say it was a good game I guess where they won by eight .	0
right yeah well i 've i 've managed to i guess the work i do gives me a little bit of well a lot of walking and a little bit of lifting on occasion	I don 't need to go to they gym , given the work I do .	1
I wouldn 't have missed this day for anything , Barnes says .	Barnes was happy to be there .	0
The glaciers feeding the lake melted away and the lake evaporated .	The glaciers feeding the lake are no longer .	0
Over the nave , the two hollow pyramids appear to be designed in the style of chimneys for a castle kitchen .	There are two hollow pyramids made of brick .	1
oh the day like today it 's so nice outside you like to get out there and do something uh	On days with nice weather you like to go outside .	0
uh the bottom line that i after four years of working with the state prison system i 've come to the conclusion if you 're going to give the man the death sentence go ahead and fulfill the sentence understandably the Supreme Court says any time you hand down a death sentence to somebody they get a one appeal once that appeal fails within thirty days execute sentence if you 're going to give the man the death sentence don 't keep the guy on death row for eight nine ten years and make him worry about it	A man on death row , should be allowed to file an appeal as many times as they want , until the sentence is commuted .	2
Launching the State Planning Initiative , LSC staff developed and issued Program Letters 1998-117 and 199818 which directed programs to plan for the creation of comprehensive , integrated , client-centered legal services systems and defined the terms of such systems .	LSC staff did not issue Program Letter 1998-117 .	2
I smiled .	I frowned .	2
And the most important feature of the service was that texts of the wishes were not going to be predetermined and there would be no set list of pre-selected options .	There wasn 't anything about the service that was more important than another .	2
Surely a future Super Bowl will see players selling commercial space on their butts , says the Washington Post ' s Tom Shales .	Tom Shales works for the Washington Post .	0
I looked carefully round the walls .	I did not bother checking the walls .	2
Not , of course , that I care whether Lawrence hates me or not .	I 'm worried Lawrence doesn 't like me .	2
There was a certain bulldog tenacity about Tommy that made him slow to admit defeat .	Tommy had a bulldog tenacity .	0
The area around the port in Ibiza Town offers the largest choice of shops on the island .	The shops in Ibiza Town are the cheapest on the island .	1
There 's a good re-creation of King Tutankhamun 's tomb at the time of its discovery so you can see just what Howard Ceter saw in 1922 .	Howard Ceter saw King Tutankhamun 's tomb after its 1922 discovery .	0
The village of Gevrey-Chambertin and the medieval chateau 's wine cellars make a good first stop .	Gevrey-Chambertin does not have a medieval chateau wine cellar .	2
quite a bit our golf season will start and then stop due to weather and then start we had a	We play golf inside so we don 't have to worry about the weather .	2
i guess i 'll go back to work	I guess I will return to work .	0
okay do i still can 't still can feel that the Soviet Union as such is still a threat to the civilized western world absolutely and my reasons are based upon not only from what i read in the newspapers what i see on the newspapers but up against some of the fun and exciting things i ran into during my six years as a soldier in the Fifth Special Forces Group	The Soviet Union is hardly a threat at all .	2
hum well do you think we 've	In your opinion , do you think we 've done well ?	1
The analysis found an annual cost of $ 198 .	The analysis also found that the annual cost could further be reduced .	1
which probably didn 't make much difference	We had expected it to make more of a difference .	1
He sighed visibly when he saw Jon but tensed when he saw the importance in Jon 's eyes .	He tensed and asked Jon what was wrong .	1
While the rule has varying compliance dates that are much later than the announced effective date of the rule ( some previously approved products covered by the rule have several years to become compliant with the labeling requirement ) , we do note	As explained in the letter , deadlines depend on previously set rules .	1
" To lose a war makes a man bitter , " Don Cazar said slowly .	Nobody likes to lose at anything .	1
These include the use of computer-assisted activities ranging from simple comparative analyses .	Computer assisted activities are not included in these analyses .	2
In place Emile Goudeau , just downhill but artistically on an altogether much higher level , number 13 was the site of the studio known as the Bateau-Lavoir ( so-called because the building resembled the Seine 's laundry boats , before it was destroyed by fire ) .	Emile Goudeau was at the top of the mountain .	2
oh he does	Oh he does eat meat .	1
First , they said that standardization is probably a good approach for resolving legal issues that each agency will have ultimately to face , such as the use of copyrighted material and censorship of comments received by the public that might be accessible to minors .	Standardization is the only way to resolve issues on the law .	1
These two separate increases in the fees lawyers pay is a step closer to achieving those two goals , McMorrow said in written statement .	Two separate fees that lawyers pay are decreasing .	2
He was the head of a foundation for the self-promotion of the Ossolinsky family , well-known descendants of Polish-American aristocrats , engaged in business ventures there , and charity work here .	The Ossolinsky family are a middle class family from Europe .	2
yeah i 'm i 'm twenty five	I am a quarter century .	0
and no reason to be	Every reason to be .	2
To meet our first objective , we reviewed the experiences of leading public sector organizations that were successfully changing their management and accountability practices to be more results-oriented .	We played the public sector successes no mind .	2
But they 'll get used to it .	That kind of treatment can become your second nature .	1
To make such a trip you will need either a Chinese visa or a special group-tour permit for Tibet .	The Chinese visa is much harder to attain than the special group-tour permit .	1
Half of them die within five years of diagnosis .	Fifty percent of them die within five years after they receive a diagnosis .	0
It also states that any differences between the two analyses resulted from HCFA 's use of more recent or more complete hospital data .	It attributes the differences in the two analyses to HCFA 's use of varying hospital data .	0
Mr. Cavendish , I have some important business in Tadminster .	I 've got some important business in Tadminster , Mr. Cavendish .	0
uh-huh where about	I do not care where it is .	2
For at-a-glance information on the city 's entertainment facilities , refer to the map on the cover of this guide .	City 's entertainment facilities can be quickly found on the map , because tourists love to visit .	1
But if Republicans push the impeachment inquiry to the point of antagonizing and mobilizing Democratic voters , the GOP 's low-turnout strategy will be ruined .	The GOP depends on Democrats to not show up to vote .	0
It soon became a place of contemplation , learning , and pilgrimage a role it still performs for thousands of believers to the present day .	Believers still flock to the location .	0
Physicians will unionize against managed care .	Doctors are embracing managed care with open arms .	2
The unimpeded views of Funchal are unbeatable .	There are great views of Funchal with no obstructions here .	0
uh and then of course the silver coins are more and more being traded for bullion than anything else	Silver is the less popular choice when it comes to trading with the bullion .	2
These institutions helped bring bitter adversaries into a framework of mutual support and benefit .	These institutions didn 't do anything to assist the groups .	2
You can visit the charming town of Takayama , set in the midst of imposing mountain scenery , and the historical city of Kanazawa .	Takayama is on the edge of a desert .	2
yeah i i don 't understand it either although i i think a lot of South Americans regard the United States as as bullying and uh that 's certainly from a historical point of view would be true i mean certainly we took far more from Mexico than Saddam Hussein ever dreamed of taking in in his wildest dreams from his neighbors	The US has never taken anything from Mexico .	2
Today the visitor will find an atmosphere of rather bleak serenity that is in itself as evocative as the remaining concrete bunkers and blockhouses , some simple monuments on the sites of the action , and the miles of croses in the military cemeteries .	All the concrete bunkers and blockhouses were destroyed .	2
The new IT organization became responsible for such strategic activities as participating in the development of overall business strategies ; prioritizing IT requirements ; generating IT business plans ; setting technical and architectural standards ; managing user interfaces , outsourcing contracts , suppliers , and systems engineering ; and allocating IT resources .	The new IT organization does not have many responsibilities .	2
( This may not work with your e-mail system . )	This could be not compatible with your email system .	0
Adapting the research case study to the evaluator 's needs has entailed a number of changes .	The research doesn 't need to be adapted	2
By then you 'll be more than ready to sample some heady Arbois wine ' try the vin jaune with a chunk of Comte cheese .	If you want to try Arbois wine , it 's best drank on its own .	2
But what is this awesome thing--the charismatic in music ?	Music doesn 't have any charisma added to it .	2
The sadly dilapidated Old Naval Hospital can be found a little farther to the north ; its distinctive iron supports were brought to Jamaica in 1819 and were designed to be both earthquake and hurricane proof .	The iron supports for the hospital could be repurposed for another building .	1
This spirit became a factor in the gathering clouds of war .	The war was about to begin .	0
Many of us put on our seat belts while the car is in motion .	Seat belts are the law , you will be killed if you don 't wear one .	1
Age , Health , and the Willingness to Pay for Mortality Risk A Contingent	Age , Health , and the Willingness to Pay for Mortality Risk A Contingent are all related topics .	0
Rather than distinguish these varieties of consumer experience , Frank stuffs everything into the boxes of square and hip--receptacles that were already full back when the ' 60s dawned .	Frank stuffs almost everything into the corporate boxes .	2
they 've uh they 've got Derek Harper that 's a real good point guard him and Rolando Blackman	Derek Harper is a better point guard than Rolando Blackman .	1
An article says Kenneth Starr is playing the race card in the Lewinsky Starr wants to indict Lewinsky in Virginia because that state 's jury pool is far whiter than the District of Columbia 's .	Kenneth Starr is playing the race card .	1
Absent meaningful reform , the Social Security trust fund will be exhausted in 2038 , and projected tax revenue would be adequate to pay for only 73 percent of projected benefits thereafter .	The trust fund will never run out .	2
but i understand why i i know one problem is uh why people don 't don 't register to vote i i know some personally because in the past and i think that 's been changed that that 's how they get the jury uh rolls from from voter registration but i think that 's going to be changed	People who don 't register to vote are definitely part of the problem .	0
She looked excited and determined , and slightly on the defensive .	She looked excited and well prepared , and a little bit on her guard .	1
A swimsuit portion , or perhaps an evening gown competition .	There is a swimsuit and an evening costume portion .	2
As Urban Institute senior fellow Isabel Sawhill notes , we license day care centers , but we don 't license parents .	Isabel Sawhill points out that the regulation on day care centers is not imposed on parents .	0
Instead , they take a class on how to represent themselves .	They never learn how to represent themselves .	2
Even though this analysis looks at the resource availability beyond 2010 , these projections are of limited value as they do not take into account this market response .	The projections have too many variables .	1
do you all pay state income tax	Do you all pay federal income tax ?	2
That was probably for the best .	I thought it was a bad idea .	2
From 1941 to 1944 , all of Poland fell under Nazi occupation , and the country became the focus of Hitler 's campaign to exterminate all Jews and non-Aryans .	Hitler never invaded Poland .	2
In short , there is a subclass for library materials , one for books , one for bound printed matter , and several for periodicals .	There is a subclass for library materials .	0
My father said that this was a free country , that Ron Hoffman was hired as an economist not as a political flack for RN , and that he would not be fired because he disagreed with some aspect of Nixon policy .	My dad said that Hoffman would be fired because he didn 't agree with what Nixon did .	0
A wild stallion kicked and bucked down where Jon had killed the axe brute .	Jon killed the brute with a sword .	1
His eyes unfocused as the flashes of the Kal 's intent flowed into his mind .	He thought about how Kal wanted to hurt people .	1
For example , a product composed of 25 parts , where each part is produced on a manufacturing process with a Cpk of 0.67 , has a 95 .	A product is composed of 25 parts .	0
Sao Vicente 's compact and well-cared-for center is pedestrian-only , and attractive shops and cafe look onto Igreja Matriz , a lovely church with a colorful painted ceiling depicting St. Vincent .	Sao Vicinte has lots of fountains and gardens in the center .	1
It 's more respectable than I thought it would be , said Tuppence thoughtfully .	Tuppence was amazed at how decent it actually was .	1
Then , passing his hand over his face , he laughed .	Then wiping his face with his hand , he broke into laughter .	0
The rooms are quite plain and the YMCA East may lack the character of the YMCA West , but it is still very good value in a peaceful setting .	The rooms are lavish and bustling .	2
Table 3 : Examples of BLM 's , FHWA 's , IRS 's , and VBA 's Employee Perspective Expectations for Senior Executive Performance	There is no table depicting information .	2
The U.S. cost elasticities in Table 1 , when applied to the accrued costs of each function , determine the coefficients in the cost function , which in turn generate the unique shape of the unit cost function ( Figure 1 ) .	The curve of unit cost function is not on Figure 1 .	2
Long-Term Budget Moving From Balancing the Budget to Balancing Fiscal Risk ( GAO-01-385T , February 6 , 2001 ) .	There is no risk .	2
In a society that stresses individual achievement Co where you pull yourself up by your bootstraps Co the Legal Aid Bureau helps those without boots .	The Legal Aid Bureau helps people become more independent and more prominent .	1
Tuppence had left the key in her door .	Tuppence had the key in her pocket .	2
you know it 's just them there they are and they 're writing the whole time	they write about what your saying and your facial expressions .	1
'It 's going to be a long journey . ' White said defensively , off my expression .	White didn 't think it was going to be a very long journey at all .	2
Some tax provisions allow accelerated depreciation so that businesses can more quickly recover the costs of investing in certain types of equipment and structures .	Businesses can more quickly recover cost of investment in equipment and structure through some tax provisions that allow quickened depreciation .	0
When I came across this paragraph my problem was solved .	My problem was solved when I read this paragraph as well as the next one .	1
Among the structures of note are the ancient Porte B ? ? charie and Tour du Prince , Romanesque Eglise Saint-Pierre with its 11th-century crypt , and the Ren ? ­ ais ? ­ sance H ? ? tel d 'Eyssartier ( Place de la Lib ? ? ration ) .	There is an 11th century crypt in Eglise Saint-Pierre .	0
Related disclosures should focus more on key performance indicators along with selected projection information and sensitivity analyses .	Related disclosures should not focus on key performance indicators .	2
Improvements included increased funding for nursing home surveyors , more prompt investigation of complaints alleging serious harm to residents , more immediate enforcement actions for homes with repeated serious problems , a reorganization of HCFA 's regional staff to improve consistency in oversight , and increased funding for administrative law judges to reduce the backlog of appealed enforcement actions .	Faster investigating of allegations of harm to residents was listed among the improvements .	0
, stewardship land ) , or probability of being destroyed in use ( e.g.	there is a 30 % probability that it will be destroyed while being used .	1
What work would be so satisfying that he 'd do it for free ?	He does work for free .	0
You 'll also find traditional biscuits , honey , jams , and marmalades .	There 's also an assortment of traditional biscuits , jams and marmalades available there .	0
Will you ask Sir James if I can see him for a few minutes ?	Will James let me see him ?	1
they used to have several places um that were a little ways out in the community that did the paper and all and they stopped doing it because they said it wasn 't profitable	Our community papers have been flourishing thanks to the new development .	2
Roughly 172 million people around the world will have Internet access in the year 2000 , and by 2003 and that number is expected to double .	172 million people had the internet .	0
Held in the Museum of Modern Art in New York until the death of Franco , per the artist 's wishes , Guernica , a panorama of horror provoked by the Spanish Civil War bombing of a defenseless Basque town , is perhaps the 20th century 's most famous painting .	The Guernica was painted by Franco .	0
A good place for a cold beer , paid in pesos , is Taberna Dolores , which usually has live music in its courtyard .	Taberna Dolores serves cold beer .	0
For information about Italy 's music festivals ( as well as theater and film ) refer to the web site & lt ; www.italiafestival.it & gt ; .	For information about Italy 's attractions , buy our exclusive tour guide for only $ 5,000 .	2
yeah well i haven 't get a chance i haven 't got a chance to look at them yet	I 've been to busy to look at them .	1
In this population , a test with higher specificity may be needed to avoid	Some tests have higher specificity than others .	0
Inspector Brown .	He is Inspector Brown .	0
You will breakfast with us , Monsieur Poirot ? Poirot acquiesced .	Poroit was asked to a movie .	2
Our Cyber Cafe also allows technology staff from around the country to demonstrate new software and discuss technology resources with conferees .	Demonstrating new software and discussing technology is forbidden in our Cyber Cafe .	2
Forman tells one , deadly serious A reckless individualist is slowly crushed by society .	Society will gradually destroy the ideals of an impulsive nonconformist .	0
He turned to the other man .	The other man ran over in a frenzy , then he turned to face him .	1
Spotted deer , sloth bear , giant flying squirrels , and civet cats are among the other mammals the visitor may see .	The local civet cats have been exterminated .	2
Walker , one of two legal service lawyers handling hundreds of abuse cases in 17 counties , said , Our big concern now is the chilling effect this will have .	Walker handles lots of abuse cases between spouses .	1
According to USA Today , most of the country will experience cloudy but good weather Tuesday .	Only USA Today has said that most of the country will experience good weather on Tuesday	1
You don 't kid us that way again , said Number 14 .	Number 14 didn 't like being messed with .	1
yeah does yours do that too oh i was wondering if all vans did that	Does your van do that ?	1
'You 're honest .	You are a deceitful person .	2
This office will work with 4 pilot pro se programs in the state , including the ILS Pilot Hotline Project , to determine best practices for pro se support , and will develop form pleadings , approved by the Supreme Court , for use throughout the state .	There are four pilot pro se programs in the state .	0
This suave , handsome man with jet-black curly hair and a slight contraction of the left eyelid ( frequency between four and seven ticks a minute ) was for the poultry producers a personification of good manners and a source of knowledge about high-class life style .	The man is very rich	1
so the younger people you know uh are are really uh really better shaped than than people of my generation or for the most part	Most people in my generation are in better shape than younger ones .	2
but um uh you mentioned the uh glass type of stuff the reason i ask you about that is years ago and it it changed names somewhere along the line but um my dad used to work for Knox Glass in Knox Pennsylvania	My dad used to work in Tampa .	2
a small patch where there was no color , and yet the sky there was not black .	He was staring into the void .	1
well i mean how can you contrast the the Europeans and their vocalism on their rights to to say the people in Latin America i mean why are they why are they not as vocal or why do they not you know stand up so to speak for their rights	Why don 't Latin Americans speak up for themselves ?	1
Our militia will not stop them .	Our militia wont be able to stop them .	0
The woman punched hard into the light-skinned Sai Routha 's chest .	The woman punched the Sai Routha 's leg .	2
Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge Early Enough57	Obfuscate Design and Manufacturing Knowledge late in the process .	2
we 've even seen people with these campers and they got the big old antennas up so they can watch their TV when they 're going but that 's not	We 've seen people with antennas on their campers .	0
Close by ( nothing that matters in Pointe Pitre is far away ) is the center of youthful social action the Place de la Victoire , sprawling in the shade of sandbox trees .	There are no trees in Place de la Victoire .	2
For example , even in the range of 3 percent to 4 percent coal	3 % coal	1
Hillary Clinton messed with health insurance and went down in flames .	Clinton never touched health insurance policies .	2
that 's right and then they uh poof it off you know just like Tarpley but um	Then they will keep it there for a while .	2
I tell you I couldn 't .	Trust me , I tried everything I could .	1
Mr. Hersheimmer , he said at last , " that is a very large sum . " 94 " I guess it 'll have to be .	They came to an agreement about the cost but one was unhappy .	1
but that added up too i mean when when she left and the pay out came in you know if we just rolled that over and it just sits there and gathers	We let the pay out sit there and gather interest .	0
He saw blood running from under the Sai Routha 's armor into a puddle at his feet .	He was worried the man was going to die .	1
they came in and did it and left in just no time at all and i think it 's because they you know they were accustomed to working in that environment in those particular condominiums and i don 't i didn 't watch them but i couldn 't imagine that they came in and painted it the whole ceiling you know just within a couple of hours	I did not watch them work , but I think they painted the ceiling in a couple of hours .	0
Not Homo economicus is not a central pillar of my faith--he is merely a working assumption , albeit one that is extremely useful in many circumstances .	He is just an assumption I have .	0
The palace was ordered by the Bourbon king Felipe V and completed by Carlos III .	This palace would be the first of many ordered by King Felipe V.	1
it is apathy without question uh we are we are not taking it as serious as	We are far from apathetic . !	2
Main The rhymes are only so-so , and the tired sexual politics that provide most of the lyrical subject matter send a mixed message .	It needs to be edited .	1
now dealing on the federal level	Now we 'll talk about taxes on a federal level .	1
That fragmented system without oversight had its deviance ( not all doctors provided good care ) and cost ( the doctors drove up the bills ) .	Doctors drove up bills and not all of the doctors gave good care .	0
, overtime pay authorizations ) must be reviewed and approved by an authorized official .	An authorized official must approve overtime .	0
Among the heroes , we don 't have to worry about the principled male scientist , the dynamic female animal behaviorist , or the stowaway children .	We do have to worry about the greedy villains .	1
Exactly .	Inexactly	2
It is no less impressive than Havana 's but a bit less gaudy .	It is just as impressive as those located in Havana but is less gaudy .	0
The man thrust but missed as the knife-wielding man spun and stabbed into the whipmaster 's back .	The men were fighting to death	1
Injuries in traffic accidents had doubled between 1996 and 1997 .	Between 1997 and 2017 the amount of teen accidents has increased rapidly .	1
I didn 't want him able to outsmart me , but people would have to believe that he might .	It didn 't matter whether people thought he was smart or not .	2
that you can use for point of sale purchases and we use that usually to buy gasoline and it 's just it 's really amazing how quickly that goes	" It 's incredible how fast point of sale purchases go when we use that to buy gasoline and food . "	1
You can 't commit both crimes--or , at least , not at the same time .	You can do both crimes simultaneously .	2
In an era of stronger productivity growth , which may just now be showing up in statistics , the speed limit is probably 3 % to 3 e % a year .	Productivity growth has been strong even tho it has been hard to see in statistics .	0
'You at least have a gentleman 's honour . ' I hoped .	I hope my son at least has the honor of a gentleman .	1
so they feel like i can talk her into	She isn 't interested .	1
they can ask questions	If they have questions , they can ask the judge .	1
He said angrily to the Explorer , " Don 't you think the Pilot knows his job ? He landed you safely twice before . "	He was angry at the Explorer for questioning the Pilot .	0
while exploratory case study sites should bracket the diversity that is likely to be encountered in the program , population , and setting of a larger study .	Population diversity will carry the widest bracket .	1
The entrance hall also portrays famous Scots in a beautifully detailed frieze just below the cornice ; it 's a veritable Who 's Who of the Scottish establishment .	There is a frieze below the cornice that portrays Scots .	0
This was known already , though the Post doesn 't say so .	The Post denies the Trump is an alien .	1
The Ds ' motto is We , the People ; the Rs ' motto is Ew , the People .	The Democrats represent the People because they want everyone to have equal rights .	1
The thing is , we 've become closer--and now I 'm attracted to him .	Since we have become closer , I find him less attractive .	2
He merely drew attention , correctly , to the damaging fact that Dukakis had tolerated a furlough program for especially violent criminals in his state even after a horrific incident strongly suggested this was a bad policy .	The furlough program for violent criminals was a wonderful idea .	2
Performance management systems in these leading organizations typically seek to achieve three key objectives .	They are not concerned with objectives .	2
so i thought that was really good too i don 't i	I thought that there wasn 't any better way to handle it .	1
so we do have some problems and it seems to me that uh maybe it 's time to just scrap all the case law and go back to general principles and start over	The general principles are always better in cases like this one .	1
and apparently the Rangers last year won a lot of one run games	The Rangers won two games in the previous year , of which only one is a one run game .	2
However , the final rule does impose a mandate that may result in the expenditure of $ 100 million or more in any one year on the private sector .	There has not been a final ruling as of yet .	2
Was there a raid , th ' major , he took out th ' troops ; and Don Cazar , he took out his riders an ' th ' Pimas .	The major came looking around here but , no raid was conducted .	2
Next we introduce the concept of delivery route profit and quantify the relative profits from delivered mail and mail not requiring delivery in both Italy and the U.S.	We derive the figures only from delivered mail in Italy .	2
yeah they 'll they 'll climb back up again and that Texas Stadium i 've been there that is a phenomenal place	I enjoy that Texas stadium so much that I plan to return .	1
so i eliminated that chore that i don 't have to do that i stained the original stain and i stained once since then because it started fading a little bit	I no longer have to do that chore .	0
Bauerstein was here on Tuesday night ” the night of the murder .	Bauerstein arrived here late Tuesday night after the murder had already taken place .	1
Or was Drew overly suspicious ?	Drew could 've been too suspicious .	1
The ruble .	Chinese money .	2
And bicycles , once the vigorous instruments of suburban freedom , are rarely spotted in the playground ; parents fear for their kids in heavy suburban traffic .	Bicycles are not seen in the playground very often .	0
EPA has submitted the required documentation to OMB and no party need respond to any collection of information until the collection is approved by OMB and a control number is issued .	All requests for information must be responded to immediately .	2
What more do you want ? " As if in answer to her own question , her eyes fell on a small snapshot of Tommy that stood on her dressing-table in a shabby frame .	She looked at the black-and-white pictures of Tommy on her dressing table .	1
Now let 's get down to this .	We had meant to do this for a while .	1
There must be a village handy , continued the young American .	The village would proved the help that the American needed .	1
That would reflect a jump in its current finding of about one-third .	That would show a jump of about two-thirds .	2
complained one of the spectators .	The spectators had no complaints .	2
These include Pennsylvania , Connecticut , Massachusetts , Nebraska , Tennessee , Ohio , and Texas .	Pennsylvania is the biggest state included .	1
The dark skinned man growled low and deep in his throat .	The dark-skinned man growled .	0
But what I 've seen of it , were you jus ' able to run off th ' bandidos an ' git th ' Apaches offen it for good why , it might be a right respectable sorta territory .	The banditos are nice people they want to farm the land ,	2
The most famous pieces are the Smiling Angel , symbol of Reims hospitality , and the allegorical figure of the Synagogue , blindfolded because it was felt that the Jews were too stubborn to behold the truth of Christianity .	The smiling angel is not famous at all .	2
a harassment in itself	Harassment is one of the worst things	1
The only truly inspired segments of American Pie feature the amazing Eugene Levy as Biggs ' dad , who 's always walking in on the kid in the middle of some creative bout of wanking .	Eugene Levy is not a very good actor and didn 't play the role of Biggs ' father well .	2
It was historically the stronghold of the dukes of Dijon , alongside the ecclesiastical empires of the Cluny and Cetercian monasteries and their great Romanesque churches .	The great Romanesque churches were along the Cluny and Cetercian monasteries .	0
For example , in principle I , while leading organizations generally include their CIOs in executive business decisionmaking , in the federal government setting information management is still often viewed as a support function rather than a strategic activity .	Leading organizations usually don 't include their CIOs in executive business decisionmaking .	2
Of course , I knew there was no reason why Whittington should be in that room rather than in any other less reason , in fact , for the betting would be on his being in one of the reception-rooms downstairs .	Whittington had plenty of reasons to be in that room .	2
Without seeing his work all the way through , it 's hard for me to say whether Borchardt has talent , but he might not be such a stumblebum after all .	I think Borchardt might have some talent .	0
Or , rather , to a market that was hyperventilating for as real a reason as there Markets are made up of people , and people sometimes get afraid .	Markets are composed of people and as such can change rapidly .	0
uh-huh um-hum um-hum right right accessories uh-huh	The right scarves .	1
On a hardwood frame , silver and gold threads are woven into fine silk , usually of emerald green , dark red , purple , or royal blue .	The hardwood frame is very important for the construction of this piece of art , otherwise everything would fall apart .	1
i don 't think there 's ever going to be peace in in the Middle East	I believe that there will be absolute peace in the Middle East tomorrow .	2
well it 's uh it 's really both i 'm certainly driven by the desire to maintain my weight and be healthy and be in shape and uh and most of the time i enjoy it sometimes i don 't but i feel that uh that the discipline it affords me when i do it when i don 't wanna is also worth something	" Most of the time maintaining my weight and being healthy makes me happy . "	0
We could use another war .	We made a lot of money off the first war .	1
The Senate report accompanying the 1980 Act explicitly recognized that athe President and his principal advisers and assistants- are within the scope of GAOas access rights and enforcement authority .	The Senate report accompanying the 1980 Act explicitly recognized that the President and his principal advisers are within the scope of GAOas access rights .	0
okay so what kind of movies have you seen lately i guess	What sorts of films have you viewed recently .	0
I am Chris Whittle , the one true God .	I am the one true God , my name is Chris Whittle .	0
Palestinian ports , such as Haifa , were blockaded by the British to prevent more Jewish immigrants from flooding in .	Jewish immigrants never arrived through Palestinian ports .	2
It 's no wonder that crazy people love Exley did more with less than any writer I can think of .	Exley is a writer	0
It was more than just instinctive dislike .	Instinctive dislike wasn 't the only thing .	0
we 're having our problems out this way with the banking crisis and	We 're fortunate that the banking crisis hasn 't had a significant impact on us .	2
Some 1,600 wholesale dealers do business here , supplying 90 percent of the fish consumed in Tokyo every day .	Salmon is the main fish that the wholesale dealers provide to their Tokyo customers .	1
okay well my wife and i are gonna be glad to get ours out of the house too i know exactly how you feel	We will be happy when our son moves out of the house .	1
He looked at his watch .	He checked the time on his watch .	1
Siegfried and These world-famous illusionists and Las Vegas residents have risen from a small-time specialty act to stardom .	It is difficult to rise from small-time to stardom .	1
She 's the mater 's factotum , companion , Jack of all trades !	There is nothing that she cannot do .	1
An RFP may be preceded by a request for information or request for quotation .	A request for quotation sometimes precedes an RFP .	0
When invoking this concern , it is not necessary to specify--and indeed it is hard to imagine--what conclusion short of victory a guy like you , who flings around terms like exit strategy , would find minimally satisfactory .	You are alarmingly open to failure and unconcerned with victory .	2
He wondered at what blood alcohol level patients could remember an intervention .	He also wondered if ages played a role in blood alcohol levels and patients remembering interventions .	1
you don 't get is it less boring than the bicycle or not	Is the bicycle boring ?	0
oh i mean it was raining so hard you could swim down the street	It was raining so hard on Saturday you could do the backstroke to the neighbor 's .	1
This week , she stood before a judge , raised her right hand and took an oath .	She appeared before a judge but not under oath .	2
The local daimyo of Satsuma was so impressed that he started to buy British ships , which became the foundation of the future Imperial Japanese Navy .	The local daimyo was impressed with the British culture , that 's why he took an interest in their ships .	1
Newsweek ' s cover story is darker , emphasizing the trial 's lingering stink in the White House and Congress .	Newsweek 's cover story shows possible corruption within the White House .	0
But the Jamaicans voted instead for full independence , which became official on 6 August 1962 .	Jamaica became fully independent on 6 August 1962 .	0
The Estoril Tennis Club is another excellent center .	The Estoril Tennis Club is garbage .	2
Therefore , emergency departments should have dedicated staff on-site who can provide interventions .	EDs should have interventionists on staff .	0
The building has filled many roles over the years , from residence to jail to mint , and is now used for exhibitions .	It is a flexible structure that is always in use .	1
1 REPORT PREPARATION	The report was never fully prepared .	2
A Church of England priest has ignited a furor by arguing that it 's OK to shoplift from chain supermarkets because they 're driving local stores out of business .	The priest was excommunicated from the Church of England because he made that statement .	1
well i just finished just i just finished one last night a great book it it 's very a typical for my reading though but a great book one called The Things They Carried by Tim O 'Brien	I just finished The Things They Carried by Tim O 'Brien last night ; it was a great book , just like all his others .	1
The grounds of the cemeteries of Paris are beautifully kept , and the avenues of tombs provide a fascinating walk through history .	The grounds of the cemeteries of Paris contain only the tombs of those recently deceased .	2
Well , I have work to offer you .	I am offering you a job .	0
Most of the folks on duty in the skies over Iraq make about half of what Linda Tripp makes .	Linda Tripp makes more than twice as much as most people on duty in Iraq	0
The city still maintains its important gateway role .	The city is one of the main gateways into China .	1
plot it it total even having read the book and i 've read that book probably three times watching that movie i couldn 't figure out what they were talking about	I enjoyed the book a lot better than I enjoyed the movie .	1
They know now that I betrayed them .	I betrayed them and now they know .	0
Race fans fill the 107,000-seat facility for NASCAR events like the Las Vegas 300 , Winston West , and Craftsman Truck races , as well as the IRL Las Vegas 500 .	The entire stadium is filled with race fans at NASCAR events such as the Las Vegas 300 , Winston West , and more .	0
7 . Brandishing a firearm or destructive device ( i.e.	Firing the destructive device .	1
Time puts the novelist on its cover and raves , To read the novel is ...	The novelist has published 3 best sellers in two years .	1
right but they 're back together	They split up .	2
People would travel great distances to consult the oracle of Apollo , seeking advice on business issues , marriage , and military campaigns .	People would travel days and night before having to wait many days to speak with the oracle of Apollo .	1
then i didn 't mind cutting it out and sewing it i could do that all day long and i i can remember once in high school i wanted some extra money	I do not like sewing .	2
Deficiencies found during ongoing monitoring or through separate evaluations should be communicated to the individual responsible for the function and also to at least one level of management above that individual .	Deficiencies do not need to be reported .	2
No rest found Ca 'daan .	Ca 'daan was sleeping .	2
and it 's okay	It 's never all right .	2
The Rhine Valley region around Lyon is the epicenter of French gastronomy .	Rhine Valley has quite a lot of different restaurants , including American restaurants ,	1
The price of an IPO , then , should reflect as nearly as possible what investors really think about a company 's prospects .	The price of an IPO should have nothing to do with investor 's confidence in a company .	2
that 's true that 's very true um-hum	Anyone would agree with that .	1
One of the site 's first users and enthusiasts was Ramona Kestowicz from the popular girl band Fluffysteron .	The band was started about 10 years ago .	1
All of these efforts are aimed at balancing the needs of the land , the farmers , and the visitors , ensuring that the Lake District remains a beautiful , natural place with many secrets to be discovered .	The Lake District will be eliminating farming altogether to keep the area as nature intended .	1
Why waste time drawing such engines ?	Isn 't it a waste of time to draw such engines .	1
According to a 1999 opinion survey , low and moderate income Americans mistakenly believe they have a better chance of accumulating $ 500,000 through winning the lottery than through saving and investing a portion of their income .	Many low and moderate income Americans in 1999 believed that they had a better chance of getting $ 500,000 through the lottery than through saving and investing .	0
A new clue .	An old clue .	2
the Federal Bureau of Investigation 's National Crime Information Center	The FBI has a national crime information center .	0
Now the home of the national ballet company , the house was renovated in 1995 .	The building houses the national ballet company and underwent renovations in 1995 .	0
Who is he really ?	Who is his actual identity ?	0
But enough about our inconsequential little worker drones . ' 	Enough about our little worker drones .	0
uh uh but but right this moment you probably have several loans out or you have borrowed money against your credit card or something	You are in debt from your credit card .	1
What kind of a secret ? "	What kind of secret ?	0
oh well then it won 't be too bad you know it wasn 't impressive necessarily but it was better than it could have been	I 'm impressed with how it turned out .	2
In addition , the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 defines a number of audit committee responsibilities for the hiring , compensation , and oversight of auditors .	The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 brings audit committee responsibilities into light .	0
yeah yeah well you have to i you know you have to give Bush a lot of credit for he he said that 's what we were going there to do and he did what what he said and he did pull out before it got any further than that where where it would have turned into more of a police action	Bush lies about everything .	2
So that 's what I was doing at age 12 .	I did that when I was 12 .	0
c ) Low at 50 cents to 55 cents per pint , or under $ 3 per six pack .	It is less than $ 3 per six pack .	0
Garland Daily News i guess it 's it comes out sporadically like twice a week or something but i think what 's interesting is that if you 're that there uh this	You can 't get the news every day from Garland Daily News .	0
you know i 've i 've been employed for ten years so i i have enough money to go out and buy a new one but instead i go out and buy toys and things oh um but	My spending habits cause me a great deal of stress .	1
A drop-ship discount might also evoke type-1 worksharing activity .	Drop ship discounts may evoke worksharing activity .	0
Moreover , with the exception of daily evaluated time and daily pieces delivered per box , the average values of all variables change monotonically .	With the exception of daily time evaluation and pieces delivered per box values changed	0
Jon saw something unfamiliar in the man 's eyes .	The man 's eyes had a familiar look to Jon .	2
Because of the limited money available , the first grants were restricted to funding for civil legal services and hotlines .	Due to limited money available , the first grants were restricted to funding for civil legal services and hotlines	0
At that moment I made the decision that I am running this campaign .	I decided in that moment that I would not be running the campaign .	2
There 's no way out . "	There 's no way out so we 're destined to die .	1
Because of ' women and children first . ' 	Women and children are always the last ones	2
Jingoistic Java Juggernaut	The Java Juggernaut may be less jingoistic and just not afraid of war	1
very old he had Alzheimer 's he 'd been like a vegetable for a year and the hospital said oh we have to put in a pacemaker and you know wanted to prove approval for it and all this sort of stuff and eventually	The Alzheimer 's contributed to his vegetative state .	1
If you dress the part and stay on your feet for the seven days the fiesta lasts , you can join the ranks of Els Pollosos .	Even if you wear your ordinary clothing and don 't last all seven days , you can join the Els Pollosos .	2
You 'll see why .	You will see .	0
Let them ask themselves a few questions .	They should question themselves .	0
Slim was flushed .	Slim was calm and cool .	2
You 'll never even leave it .	You can drop it any time .	2
Fail to do exactly what you 're required to do on SLAP , Coburn declares , and you get slam--as in , see you in jail for sure .	Coburn says you 'll go to jail if you don 't do what you 're supposed to do .	0
Unless one believes that the lives of Europeans are intrinsically more valuable than those of Africans , the humanitarian justification for military intervention is unsustainable , he wrote .	Military intervention can only be defended on humanitarian grounds if one believes that European lives have more value than African lives .	0
Another possibility would be to say , the full spectrum of alcohol misuse .	Many instances of the misuse of alcohol lead to death .	1
One was a chestnut , a warm , well-groomed red .	One was a big gray dog .	2
With 191 Mr. Brown unmasked and captured he believed , rightly or wrongly , that the whole organization would crumble ignominiously and instantaneously .	He thought revealing 191 Mr. Brown 's identity and capturing him would end the organization 's existence .	0
The response has led me to believe its going to be much higher than that , Wagonheim said .	The response had no impact on Wagonheim ' s calculations .	2
Kilberry Bagpipes ( at Gilmore Place , Tollcross ) manufactures and sells traditional , professional instruments in a range of sizes .	Kilberry Bagpipes has their own factory to manufacture instruments .	1
our estimate of the total number of premature mortalities in 2020 would be reduced by approximately 80 percent , from approximately 12,000 annually to approximately 2,200 annually .	The number of premature moralities in 2020 would go down 80 % .	0
But the itineraries in the following pages take in all the tourist-worthy sights in this sprawling region , and every one of these important places of interest can easily be reached by public transport .	There are many tourist sights in the region and the are brimming with tourists .	1
Adrin and San 'doro arrived .	Adrin arrived alone .	2
The horror in front of him was too much to bear .	He turned away because he was afraid of what he saw .	1
Information on absences which affect pay should be compiled each pay period and be transmitted to the payroll system .	A pay period is one month	1
The church is renowned for its choral concerts and recitals on the grand organ designed by Baltard , architect of Les Halles .	The church is famous for its choral concerts and recitals on the grand organ that was designed by Baltard , architect of Les Halles .	0
From its back , a ladder of some flexible material snaked down and men began descending .	A ladder snaked down from the rear , but no one came down it .	2
San 'doro kept his eyes on Jon for a long time .	San 'doro did not know Jon had entered the camp .	2
Oversized statues of the apostles in white marble are stationed around the rotunda , and seven richly ornamented chapels fan out from the center .	The statues carved from white marble took a long time to make .	1
yeah it certainly is and the patterns have gone up tremendously too the prices for them you used to could get you know a pattern for two or three dollars now they 're like you know five six seven eight	The prices have continued to go up every week	1
Management Report on Audit Reports Issued During The Six Month Period Ending March 31 , 2001 , With Recommendations That Funds Be Put to Better Use By Management Agreed to in a Management Decision	Management does not abide by the rules of audit .	2
Listen , for instance , to the 33 minute Circle in the Round , in which Hancock plays celesta and the band is joined by guitarist Beck , and imagine it being played on FM radio .	Circle in the Round is 33 minutes long .	0
yeah i tell you what though if you go price some of those tennis shoes i can see why now you know they 're getting up in the hundred dollar range	The tennis shoes are not over hundred dollars .	2
It may catch him , she murmured .	She said the lion might catch him .	1
Yes , said Tuppence promptly .	Tuppence thought about it for five hours before saying no .	2
and she didn 't act like it bothered her at all oh this happens all the time and we walked through the fence out the alleys or come to the back of the house you know and walked and i looked down both directions of the alley and i saw neither one of them and uh	She wasn 't bothered , but I couldn 't find them .	0
Therefore , installing these at the same time on a boiler is preferable to doing them separately as they may be able to use the same outage , and project efficiencies result from a single mobilization , a single construction manager , and sharing of large construction equipment for the two projects .	There will be more than 10 construction managers .	2
As with any type of business activity , information security should be monitored and periodically reassessed to ensure that policies continue to be appropriate and that controls are accomplishing their intended purpose .	Once established , information security policies remain valid .	2
No hurry up , man . ' 	As they ran away from the attackers in danger , one member began to fall behind , and the leader yelled at them that they had to hurry up .	1
Until recently , no well-controlled intervention studies have addressed whether interventions in emergency settings would reduce alcohol consumption and consequences .	There are no studies to show the effects .	2
Oh ! said Tuppence , impressed .	Tuppence was impressed by the fact , that the man could jump while standing on his hands .	1
How Anda had wanted daughters .	Andra wanted to adopt a girl because she didn 't have one .	1
The scene , depicting Cupid and Psyche , was considered too risque for the eyes of Queen Victoria , and during her reign it was covered by a mirror .	Queen Victoria saw the scene of Cupid and Psyche all the time .	2
something it 's got forty gallons and they 're selling you know you you know you you got to pay forty dollars at least and you know for uh for one gallon and it 's it was selling like at twenty five or something	Nobody is concerned about the price .	2
how much do you make up in Rhode Island so i was just going wait a minute we 're supposed to be talking about fishing now stop but yep anyway is that funny but we did talk about fishing though so but i guess i 'll let you go i 'm going to finish my dishes and if anything happens interesting in the war maybe they 'll have another thing and we 'll get you again all right bye	We were supposed to talk about fishing , so we did that in the end .	0
10 Obsession With The stock market 's unhealthy fixation on expected earnings led many executives to exaggerate balance sheets through accounting tricks , distorting true stock worth .	A lot of executives lied about the value of the stock .	0
Lord , what fools these mortals be !	What fools in the ways of love are mortals !	1
yeah well we have uh have department store cards for nearly all the department stores i guess uh	I 've not heard of us carrying department store cards .	2
With the new title of Governor-General , Hastings and then Cornwallis were responsible to the British government rather than the Company .	When Hastings was awarded his new title , he was free of any responsibilities to the government .	2
Sure enough , about nine o 'clock , so he did .	He did , but not until eleven o 'clock	2
The cure for the phony war will be the real one .	Nothing will cure the phony war .	2
Among her many professional achievements , her work resulted in the revising of the U.S.	This is one of her many achievements .	1
Increasing numbers of clients receiving appropriate services .	There was an influx of people needed services .	0
Data were provided by Steve Ward ,	Data was provided by Steve Ward .	0
There are also lots of late-night clubs .	The late-night clubs are expensive .	1
almost the entire amount that i paid her on my daughter either making her clothes or buying her things	I never spent a single cent on my daughter .	2
The USDOL reports that the vast majority of H-2A workers come from Mexico .	Most of the H-2A workers are from Mexico according to the USDOL .	0
oh well i 'm i 'm i 'm a native born Texan but uh you know how it is	I 'm native to Texas .	0
The airy octagonal Place Ven ? ­ d ? ? me still exudes the opulence of its original conception under Louis XIV ; at that time only his financiers could afford the exorbitant rents .	Place Vendome was very expensive to rent .	0
So you will wait , or the agreement shall be broken by you , not by me .	If you don 't wait , you 'll break the agreement .	0
At most , half-a-dozen soldiers would suffice .	Six soldiers would never be enough .	2
she got married to him	they don 't even know each other	2
At the 12-month follow-up , the intervention group demonstrated an average reduction in drinking of 22 drinks per week compared with a reduction of 7 drinks per week for the control group .	At the follow-up at 12 months , the intervention patients had reduced their drinking amounts in every case .	1
In many instances the grantees are funded by a combination of LSC funds and other public or private sources .	Grants are funded by both public and private sources .	0
aIncome from accumulated assets includes interest , dividends , royalties , income from estates and trusts , and rent .	Interest , dividends , royalty , income from income from estates and trusts , and rent all make up accumulated assets .	0
Truly , I believe the country is in the best of hands , but how do I rid myself of these impure thoughts ?	I think the country is in incapable hands .	2
In the early morning of 10 November 1922 , Mehmet VI slipped quietly away to a waiting British warship , to end his life in exile .	Mehmet VI was killed while trying to escape to a British warship .	2
Medieval penitents traced its path on hands and knees , from the circumference to the center , a symbolic spiritual journey .	There is a symbolic spiritual journey of Medieval traces .	0
And isn 't that the reason to come here ?	There are some reasons to come here .	1
The admonition , You become what you behold , has yielded to You become what you belittle .	'You become what you belittle ' has changed to ' You become what you behold ' .	2
yeah i really don 't have any other	I don 't have any other .	0
Its local craftsmen are famous for their inlaid woodwork called intarsia .	There is nothing special about the local craftsmen .	2
but it 's it has a much sharper flavor and it 's uh	There 's no flavor to it .	2
This is what archaeologists call the first intermediate period .	Archeologists call it the first intermediate period .	0
He was sure of it but he could not say why .	He was not sure of anything .	2
they use the the injection thing or whatever it is	They use the electric chair .	2
Kilims are small rugs that are woven rather than knotted , and have no pile ; a cicim is a kilim with embroidered decoration .	Kilim rugs are always very small in size .	1
yes it 's another war zone	It is an area of total peace .	2
Other reviews compare him to Lenny Bruce and Richard Pryor .	Other reviews in the Tribune compare him to other comedians .	1
talk another time perhaps i 'm calling from Garland Texas	I am at a call center in Texas .	1
i i think it you know what i see is fascinating and i kind of enjoy it uh i 've always had that hobby ever since i was a child	I enjoyed it as a kid .	0
She started to walk away .	She walked towards the train .	1
Payment is strictly in Malaysian currency .	Payments to be made in all currencies .	2
But none of us should leave the room without an understanding that for parents all over the country , the fear is real , the problems of raising kids are real .	IT is easy going to raise children .	2
It suggests that anyone who finds overhype unreasonable speaks with a voice of moderation--C 'mon , enough is enough--while at the same time setting the ceiling at a level far higher than what any ordinary person would find acceptable or sufficient .	It says that anyone who thinks the overhype is bad is a moderate politician .	1
( Why couldn 't there have been voice-overs all along ? )	I hated the voice-overs .	2
uh-huh right you know we go out to eat a lot of times	We eat out very often .	0
now they now they have an internal problem themselves right now and i think that has to do with them having problems with food and and and and prices and all of that stuff	They have problems currently because of high prices caused by the war .	1
Virtually all the fans with whom I have spoken over the years ( quite a friendly bunch , actually ) consider the absence of big wrecks , injuries , etc . , a key component of a good race .	Virtually all the fans disagreed with viewing the absence of injuries or wrecks as key components of a good race .	2
Cost difference between the service cost of pensions ( and other retirement benefits ) , less the employee contributions , if any , and the employer entity contributions .	The cost difference is the result of the service cost of pensions minus the employee contributions and the employer entity contributions .	0
The Musee des Beaux-Arts ( in the Place de la Revolution ) claims to be the oldest in France ( 1694 ) .	The oldest museum in France is in the Place de la Revolution .	0
Each of them had a small desert horse save Thorn and the Kal who rode larger stallions of dusty red .	Thorn and Kal rode horses .	0
That one of them fitted I know .	At least one of them did not fit .	1
uh-huh yeah um that you know kind of goes along it it it 's a small enough school where people can know each other and and they can work together to thwart off problems when when you 've got a high school with you know three or four thousand students	The school is too big for people to really get to know each other .	2
The same restless energy drove both men toward invention .	Both men lacked the energy to invent things .	2
A slightly upscale version of an hostal or pensi ? ? n , the English Hotel is well located , about equidistant from the Prado and the Plaza Mayor .	All the best attractions are within walking distance of the English Hotel .	1
The two were finely balanced .	The two were small children on a see-saw .	1
What is now the Gate Theatre was built in 1784 and is probably the most beautiful stage in Dublin .	The Gate Theatre went by a different name when it was built in 1784 , and in 1982 its name was changed .	1
yeah it 's that 's a tough one to play i i used to play it when i was younger but	When I was younger I used to play it , and it 's tough .	0
no and then you know we 've got some guys here they 're you know four and five handicappers and they don 't like to play with me because i 'm too slow for them so	All of the guys here line up to play with me .	2
Young owns four of the 19 best-ever seasons for a quarterback , and is the highest-rated passer of all time .	Young is the worst passer in the whole history of the sport .	2
Using our econometric model , we can compute an estimate of any US household 's demand for postal delivery services given its M and A , A , ..	Our economic model has saved the postal service money .	1
Initial efforts addressed a variety of internal issues including training and support , increased use of technology , more efficient and uniform intake and the provision of legal advice and brief service , and meeting the needs of particularly vulnerable populations including migrants , Native Americans , non-English speaking persons , immigrants and disabled and institutionalized individuals .	There were many internal issues found within the company .	1
He had seen the hilt on the belt of one of the dark riders Jon had killed .	Jon had never killed anyone .	2
yeah oh yeah well i i i 've i have a desk job i don 't you know i don 't have an opportunity to walk around all that much uh unless i take it uh and it 's but it 's gotten better i mean uh for many years i lived in the uh i lived in New Hampshire and i 'd commute to Boston every day	I don 't really walk around that much , because most of my work is done sitting in front of a desk	0
But all that line are grays .	All that line are grays , but not all grays line .	1
Practiced by a few , perhaps more squeamish , members .	A few members practiced this , even though they may be more squeamish .	0
I shall sit up all night . " A flash of relief showed before the lids descended once more .	He thought he would be awake all night but suddenly felt relief upon falling asleep .	0
besides routine oil changes i guess that was about the uh the last last major thing that we 've had done to the car	We do the oil changes ourselves .	1
that 's psychedelic	That drug is considered psychedelic .	1
The next grant is for a national legal services virtual conferencing center to be coordinated by Gulf Coast Legal Services in Houston .	The next grant us for a virtual conference center for national legal services	0
it was it was the strangest i 'm i 'm not sure it was gerrymandered but the way they drew these little patterns and stuff i i i guess i 'm a little cynical of the of the power base i i i and i don 't quite understand why the power base uh doesn 't uh why they don 't go with fourteen one i you know i and you know the it seems to me that what happened in the in the election that a lot of the people they said particularly the the uh i think it 's Hispanics don 't vote because they don 't think that they have any affect and it 's i i guess i am disappointed with Dallas in that uh the fourteen one it	i 'm not certain about whether the voting was rigged , but the way they drew the lines	0
I was immediately unnerved .	The darkness scared me immediately .	1
um probably about three i guess yeah	My estimate is around three I suppose , yes .	0
i don 't think so either In fact i think they end up worse because the conditions are so bad	I think the situation is worse for them because the conditions are so bad .	0
Boston Globe : Following his impeachment , Bill Clinton meets with colorful , possibly apocryphal , salt-of-the-earth Boston characters .	Bill Clinton was not impeached .	2
Similarly , as discussed previously , managers are looking for practical techniques for more precisely measuring the value of security controls and obtaining better data on risk factors .	Obtaining better data on risk factors and measuring the value of security controls are a priority of managers .	0
yeah yeah he does	yes he does .	0
However and now I 'm giving it to you straight , Kirby this is once I 'd follow Bayliss ' orders .	Kirby and Bayliss knew each other because they worked in the same unit .	1
The amount should be recognized as a gain or loss from exchange in order to offset it against the gross interest on Treasury debt in the Government-wide consolidated financial statements .	The treasury is in a massive amount of debt .	1
Only the rich could afford to travel in this style , and Port Antonio developed into a center for high-class tourism .	Port Antonio is more expensive for tourists than Dubai .	1
The NEPDG carried out many activities , the results of which are subject to evaluation by GAO under the plain meaning of the statute .	NEPDG committed illegal activities .	1
The company once assembled , Poirot rose from his seat with the air of a popular lecturer , and bowed politely to his audience .	Poirot remained in his seat and screamed at the audience to leave .	2
you remember that i mean an and then oh i i tell you that just did it for me right there i said you 've put me through an entire season of Pam dreaming	Yeah , I stopped watching the Office after I found out that the entire season was just a dream that Pam was having .	1
1996 data promised by end of summer .	The US Census Bureau promised the information be published by the end of the summer .	1
Genoa sided with the Spanish to give Emperor Charles V access , via Milan , to his German territories , and later became a lucrative clearinghouse for Spain 's newly discovered American silver .	American Silver found by Spain was worth a lot .	0
Mite quick to show your iron , ain 't you ? There was a chill in the question , and Drew saw that the long rifle was still held at alert by its owner .	The rifle was held still , ready to be fired at any time .	0
This subterranean funicular shuttles from the port to the residential district in just six minutes .	It takes six minutes to go from the port to the residential district .	0
and you know they 're not making that much money they 're making probably more like five or six on the welfare so where 's the other ninety percent going well it 's going to the some fat guy in the middle who 's sitting there on his behind all day doing nothing but filling out papers	They never filled out the papers , so they aren 't getting any welfare , are they ?	2
But what do we have professors in this world for ?	I know why we have professors .	2
The effective implementation of the statutory framework to improve the performance , management , and accountability of the federal government , although important , is not an end in itself .	It is more important to have happy government workers .	1
Now , to commemorate our first anniversary , in an act of incredible corporate generosity that is every bit as good as providing health insurance ( I 'm sure that Mr. Gates will make this sort of thing more available should Microsoft prove profitable ) , Slate	In an act of incredible corporate generosity , that is every bit as good as providing health insurance , to commemorate our first anniversary ...	0
you know it 's it 's a matter of i i don 't think you know i hate to get government involved with anything because it always costs more money but um you know it 's a matter of they 're going to have to pass stricter laws or start making	I don 't want the government to be involved in everything but with the environment , it 's a must .	1
There had been that time Uncle Murray had caught him down at the creek , making paper boats .	Uncle Murray had never caught him making boats at the creek .	2
The Mus ? ? e d 'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris ( 11 Ave. du Pres ? ­ i ? ­ dent Wilson ) has an important collection of 20th-century art displayed in the spacious galleries of the Palais de Tokyo .	The galleries are home to the most valuable 20th century art collection in France .	1
A requirement that the H-2A worker be physically present in the United States when the cause of action arises or the representation commences thus would deprive H-2A workers of representation on many of the most basic employment contract protections afforded by Congress , directly contrary to Congress ' purpose .	H2a workers are deprived of nothing , they largely benefit .	2
We can begin tomorrow , he said and then returned to Susan .	The man was excited to see Susan when he returned .	1
uh yeah it 's uh that song that Willie Nelson song is in it	Willie Nelson doesn 't have a song in it , no .	2
This Republican rejoinder grants that the House impeachment process was politicized but argues that 1 ) the Senate should be above such tawdry politics	While the impeachment was successful in the House , it was blocked in the Senate .	1
A major part of the pleasure of Darjeeling is in getting here .	Getting to Darjeeling is a pleasant and easy journey .	1
okay um yeah one year public service for everybody is that that was it right	Public service only for the wealthy , right ?	2
nurturing and being a mother to what it ought to be which is a respected profession	A mother 's role and job will never be respected .	2
yeah probably will for a while because it it 's going to be real tender when they	Rushing the process will result in improper healing .	1
Finally I opened it out flat there were only two sheets and laid it between two of the advertisement pages of a magazine .	There are a lot of pages , and I could not fit it between magazine pages .	2
Others complain that the superstars are over the hill , and are trotting out mediocre work .	Some complain that the superstars are old and are doing mediocre work .	0
Programs that follow a knowledge-based approach typically have a higher probability of successful cost and schedule outcomes .	Although the knowledge-based approach is more successful , it requires more effort and funding to implement .	1
The field work standard related to planning for performance audits conducted in accordance with GAGAS	The field work standard is not related to planning for performance audits .	2
okay we do a few things and i have to say we 're my husband and i are both from financial backgrounds i i 'm an accountant	We both are familiar with finances .	1
A 29page attachment to the memorandum contains the details of the guidance .	There is a 29 page attachment with more details .	0
, every one percent increase in the number of households has yielded exactly a one percent increase in all annual mail volumes and for all years in Tables 1 , 2 , and 3 ) , we can , then , divide the annual volume figures by the number of households in the respective year to obtain annual volume figures per household .	Looking at the figures contained in Table 1 we can see no one actually uses the Post Office anymore .	2
Any world-weary thoughts inspired by the old cynic 's portrait and bust are quickly dispelled by the original of Verrocchio 's cherub cuddling a dolphin like a baby doll .	Verrocchio 's cherub and dolphin is the most popular work ever created .	1
Emch said on Wednesday , I have a lot of confidence in lawyers in West Virginia , who are professionally responsible and understand the importance of this project .	On Sunday , Emch said that he hates all lawyers .	2
The Commission received comments on the proposed rule from 104 commenters .	The commenters all pointed out issues with the rule .	1
The mansion , a fine Neo-Classical Italian villa , was actually built for Alfred Mitchell , an American who lived here with his family for a number of years .	The Italian villa was built in Italy in 2001 .	2
( His mother was born on Ios . )	Ios was the birth site of his mother .	0
It was the prison and place of execution immortalized in the novel Heart of Midlothian , by Sir Walter Scott .	The Heart of Midlothian has nothing to do with any prisons or executions .	2
At Margerates you can watch the potters at work and buy from their workshops .	Potters at work cannot be seen at Margerates .	2
Today 's Papers is still partial to Silicone Valley .	Silicone Valley is still partial because it offers nothing special .	1
We then produce a trend line through the data points and compare it with the model results .	We continue by graphing a line segment based on our data , visualizing the trend of our results so we can make comparisons to the results of our model .	0
I used to be the best pit fighter in Tog Veel .	I fought in pits .	0
Notable in the collections are a Fra Angelico triptych , Raphael 's La Fornarina ( though the authorship is disputed ) , and works by Titian , Tintoretto , and El Greco .	The collections include works produced by El Greco and Titian .	0
A weaker version of Chinook had previously lost to the legendary Marion Tinsley , a retired university math teacher considered the greatest checkers player of all time , who had to withdraw from a 1994 rematch because of the pancreatic cancer that eventually killed him .	Marion Tinsley lived a long life before dying of old age .	2
no right and i 've seen where some places have taken a plastic and uh they 're recycling them into other plastics	Every place refuses to take plastic because it has no uses .	2
yeah oh uh-huh me i haven 't really as far as entertainment i don 't know what you would do if	I would have no clue what to do about that .	0
rap yeah well i i don 't really have anything against rap music i do the one thing i do object to about rap music is is it	I have nothing against Rap music but some things about it I am not fond of .	0
so that 's really not roughing it so much but	Sleeping in a car isn 't really roughing it .	1
No , she said , you may not .	She held the door closed as she refused permission .	1
Let them sit , said Jon when Thorn had tried to kill time by tossing the bodies into a pile .	Jon insisted that Thorn put the bodies into a pile .	2
'You have eleven seconds . ' 	You can take eleven seconds to do it .	0
The floor jumped , and for an instant everything felt lighter .	I felt the floor shake .	0
What about some lunch ?	I 've made you some lunch .	1
Pass through Albaida , known for its candle-making , and Onteniente , an industrial town , to picturesque Bocairente .	Picturesque Bocairente stands in total contrast to quaint Albaida and industrial Onteniente .	1
They will get lighter , their screens will get more legible , and their batteries will last longer .	The screens will be lighter , easier to read and the batteries will last longer .	0
you know living in a house is something you 're going to have to do whether you you 're doing it alone whether you 're doing it with a with a a partner or you 're going to have to you know	YOu don 't have to live anywhere beside a tent .	2
( Here is Time ' s shorter version . )	Time has a shorter version available .	0
and we keep thinking about that you know because she they get less alert and they don 't care and i 've seen some of these elderly people on TV you know the ones from Florida that just run into people and they don 't even understand what happened you know	We realize that she is getting less alert and I worry based on what I have seen on TV about the elderly .	0
The backdoor sniping has become so pernicious and prevalent that even retired Gen.	Backdoor sniping is incredibly rare , and mostly never happens .	2
To be sure , that is odd !	Nothing is out of the ordinary .	2
Almost everything Tudjman wished for has come true .	Tudjman had wished for things and they came true .	0
I realised that White must be calling from the street .	White was silently sitting down .	2
Clinton is said to be concerned with shaping a historical legacy , but as may be noted from his failed medical care program , his unpopular anti-Iraq saber rattling , and his largely ignored dialogue on race , the care of business is pretty much all that 's wanted of Clinton , too .	Clinton is worried about what history will say about him .	0
and sound their sirens pretty much telling people be wary you know and get off the beach	They use their sirens to clear the beach .	0
I think there 's something between vengeance and forgiveness .	Forgiveness is the only option .	2
because everything that TI did anyway we we shipped in and it was worked on down there assembled and then sent back here so i didn 't feel that we really exploiting exploiting them any	I don 't believe our people took advantage of them really .	0
And the DVD format is gone , too .	The DVD format is not gone .	2
The industry calls this technique treatment acceptance , a marvelous euphemism for parting you from your money .	They were generous and did not want to take the money .	2
He actually feels _ bad _ that we 're leaving .	He finds pleasure that we 're leaving .	2
An Excursion to Guangzhou ( Canton )	A short journey to Guangzhou .	0
well there was a movie out it 's been on cable i get cable and there 's this thing with uh Danny De Vito called Twins	I only watch this movie because it 's on TV , not because I really want to .	1
In crafting the H-2A program , Congress was acutely aware of the vulnerability of temporary agricultural workers and of problems that had arisen under other such programs , particularly the Bracero Program .	Congress created the H-2A program to replace programs that had been ineffective .	1
Seconds after tipoff , Jordan launched a turnaround jumper , his new signature shot , hitting nothing but net .	Jordan scored just seconds after tipoff .	0
Employer entity contributions to health benefit plans for current coverage of Federal employees .	Employers do not contribute .	2
there were two two separate furnace rooms and so i took the smaller furnace room and now it 's full of trains	I chose to take the larger furnace room .	2
The parents , on the other hand , had to pass an exam in using a joystick and provide a proof of income of at least 7000 zloty per month for a young family member .	The parents had to show they could afford to pay for food and shelter for their 3 kids .	1
These cases take time and they aren 't easy .	These are difficult cases and they take a while .	0
Coffeehouses are everywhere , many offering live entertainment and poetry readings .	Coffeehouses are nowhere to be found in this city .	2
right yeah like if you 're convicted of a certain crime you automatically get so many years it 's not a discretionary thing	There is a lot of flexibility in sentencing .	2
Where they diverge is in motivation .	they do not diverge at all .	2
Can you only speak or can you show us things too ? asked San 'doro .	san 'doro asked the man for help .	1
But the narrative doesn 't really dwell on the tobacco rulemaking process at the Food and Drug Administration , which was Chatterbox 's piece of the story .	The tobacco rulemaking process was Chatterbox 's piece of the story and was central on the narrative , according to critics .	1
as we were coming into town and then it snowed a half a foot	There was 6 " of snow .	0
yes well i i don 't know how that would ever happen here but at least um	I don 't know how that would happen here .	0
She is also enjoying the imprimatur of the law .	Her enjoyment will soon fade .	1
Another game very similar to a lottery , keno is usually played while sitting in a hotel coffee shop .	Keno is a game which bears the most similarities to a lottery .	1
The best sign so far ?	We cannot tell if this is the best sign so far	1
It also entails being open to reading and respecting ideas one disagrees with .	It has nothing to do with being polite .	2
More and more visitors are choosing to stay outside of Funchal ; the offer of mountain lodges and smaller coastal hotels has greatly improved over the years , and there are now visitors who barely set foot in the capital .	The capital has been upgrading its hotels in an effort to bring back those tourists .	1
And then I shouldn 't be so damned hard up as I am now . "	I shouldn 't be so hard .	0
No doubt--as former Congressional Budget Office Director Bob Reischauer points out--with all the election-year pressure on Republicans to show they really aren 't so bad and the temptation for Clinton to show his newfound muscle , the final appropriations package isn 't bad .	The appropriations package was terrible as Clinton was undercut .	2
I mean , said Poirot deliberately , " that you are suspected of poisoning your wife . " A little gasp ran round the circle at this plain speaking .	Poirot did not gasp at my talk .	2
so i don 't know i i i have no idea what to do about it	I don 't know what to do about the cold I got .	1
Among other things , women are barred from work and most education , and men may not trim their compulsory beards .	Men may not trim their compulsory beards , and women are barred from work and most education , among other things .	0
yeah yeah well it it all paid off um so uh you know i got my degree and got the better paying job and	I 'm very happy now with my new job .	1
Certainly it was bolted , replied Mary Cavendish , rather surprised .	Mary Cavendish did not expect it to be bolted and was stupified .	0
oh yeah yes a lot of them do get their sentences commuted to something else	A majority of prisoners have their sentences changed over time .	0
The waters around the coast are some of the clearest in the world and the depths are filled with amazing coral and many species of fish and other marine creatures .	The corals have been in these coastal waters for millions of years .	1
According to the senior executive , the RAC recommended that ongoing uses continue , but that this stretch receive special protection from further development .	The RAC wanted to halt ongoing uses .	2
The directive also encouraged the creation of ISACs that could serve as mechanisms for gathering , analyzing , appropriately sanitizing , and disseminating information to and from infrastructure	The directive also encouraged the widespread use of ISACs .	1
If you want to sightsee in style ( and expensively ) you can even see Paris from a helicopter , plane , or hot-air balloon .	You can see Paris from above albeit at a high cost .	1
No , no , you are on a wrong tack there .	You 're heading in the wrong direction .	0
Those children who are struggling , and hence more likely to burden their parents ( say , by returning to live with them ) , get extra help in the hope that they ( the children ) will become self-sufficient .	Struggling children are burdens to their parents 70 % of the time .	1
Almost instantly , kids in each group formed bonds of loyalty and group identification .	The children splintered and disassociated from the groups preferring to be alone .	2
In traditional Medicare , for example , the effect of cost-sharing provisions designed to curb the use of services is muted because many Medicare beneficiaries have some form of supplemental health care coverage-such as Medigap insurance-that pays these costs .	Medicare has cost-sharing provisions to curb the use of services by the most unhealthy .	1
They know that they can play it and auction it off right away online when its value is still quite high .	They are aware they can play it and sell it online while it 's still worth something .	0
For example , states are often hampered in their ability to take appropriate regulatory actions because	It can be difficult for states to take appropriate regulatory actions .	0
With its wide , sandy beach , Portobello is a quintessential British seaside town .	The sandy beaches of Portobello are closed during the winter .	1
it 's not Deliverance but it 's pretty good	It is Deliverance .	2
Thus , increased Social Security surpluses will not necessarily increase government saving .	Social Security surplus increase doesn 't always increase government spending .	0
Our overall objective was to identify information-sharing practices that federal organizations and others can adopt to improve their ability to understand , anticipate , and address computer-based vulnerabilities and incidents .	Federal organizations can adopt practices to address computer-based vulnerabilities in payment applications .	1
Given this prospect , the country should save heavily to make provision for the future--and lacking the kind of pay-as-you-go Social Security system that allows Americans to ignore such realities , it does .	The county has a pay-as-you-go Social Security system .	2
and uh i yeah well he did he had a a red Miata	He owned only a Honda Accord .	2
Moreover , if obnoxious behavior like aggression , rape , and philandering are biological , that would make them natural and hence good--or at least in the genes , where they cannot be changed by social reform .	If obnoxious behavior is biological , then it 's possible for it to be changed by social reform .	2
The field guide uses a variety of delivery mechanisms including satellite broadcasts , video teleconferencing and centralized and localized classroom instruction .	The field guide uses satellite broadcasts to reach all the researchers .	1
Their makeshift homes , known in Turkish as gecekondu ( built by night ) , take advantage of an old Ottoman law that protects a house whose roof has been built during the hours of darkness .	Old Ottoman law protected houses if their roof was built during the night time .	0
The land was infertile , just a swampy plain , the river small and sluggish .	The fertile land housed a raging river .	2
Some Indians already resent suggestions they are descended from ancient Asians--such contentions fly in the face of their creation myths .	Suggestions that Indians are descended from ancient Asians are occasionally met with resentment .	0
i 'm drawing the blank	I 'm drawing the blank today .	1
yeah no no i i can maybe eat some jalapenos but i really don 't you know ask for those on there i 'm more like into the enchiladas and and stuff like that but no i don 't really like it hot um i remember meeting somebody a long time ago before i ever moved to Texas and he put hot sauce on everything he ate i mean Tabasco 's and that kind of stuff on everything he ate i think he must 've just had a a stomach that was iron or something	I like enchiladas and stuff like that , but I don 't like them very hot .	0
Others left , for instance , to join private practice or after failing to pass the state bar , he said .	Some people left either because they failed the state bar , or because they wanted to join private practice .	0
Find me a find , catch me a cat .	Find me a find , catch me a catch .	2
In the 1950s and 1960s Sharm El-Sheikh on the southern tip of the Sinai became a divers ' paradise and since then this small village has grown and spread north along several adjacent bays .	Sharm El-Sheikh is bigger than it used to be .	0
Gates and Kinsley .	Only Gates , not Kinsley .	2
yeah that 's a problem with capital punishment though but when you got people that you know uh for some reason or another Charles Manson sticks in my brain	My thoughts tend to be that Charles Manson deserves the death penalty	1
She sat up and smiled with the air of one who has the situation thoroughly well in hand .	The situation was well in hand .	1
The initial demand for legal services was what prompted Brownell to add a second session each month .	Brownell used to only offer one session a month .	0
The product of this exploratory case study was a briefing , with the study design choices described , including detailed research questions , outlines of data sources , significant variables , extant data bases , and site selection criteria .	The briefing came with a very long PowerPoint slide show .	1
use performance results as a basis for pay , awards , and other personnel decisions .	Use of performance results as a basis for pay , awards and personnel promotion .	0
Even the grievances drawn up by the peasants and townspeople insisted on continuing devotion to the king himself .	The peasants and townspeople have grievances about the leaders .	1
that 's an interesting distinction that	However , they are still overwhelmingly similar .	1
She looked around for a minute in obvious confusion , before remembering herself .	She was in control the entire time .	2
Then the whole building began to change .	The building stayed the same .	2
President Attends World Cup Final , Enjoys Two Scoreless Hours .	President Attends the World Cup Final with His Family .	1
A series of coral headlands covered in tropical vegetation reach out into the ocean .	A bunch of coral headlands with abundant tropical vegetation go out into the ocean .	0
They will be shut up in cages .	They 're going to be locked up in cages .	0
and i think there was a lot of a lot of tearing of emotions and i think that if anything that when Schwartzkopf he was saying the idea that we learned we learned we learned a lot from Vietnam	There was a lot of information gained from Vietnam despite the emotions .	0
i always told my dad when i was a kid and he made me do it i said i can 't wait until i 'm old enough so i don 't have to do this anymore	I didn 't know my father growing up .	2
The exhibition is tremendously popular , so be prepared for some long lines at the entrance .	The popularity of the exhibition means that the lines near the entrance are very long .	0
and then plus then you for end up forgetting to write it down	You also will forget to make note of it .	0
it it could be the starter that it just gets too hot	The starter doesn 't get too hot .	2
Below is a very brief guide to the most popular games , while many books are sold locally that go to great lengths to explain each game .	It is very difficult to find information how to play the most popular games .	2
They were half-way across when the Kal 's horse turned its head , saw the gap , and lurched .	The animal staggered after seeing the gap .	0
then it started to rain so we didn 't get too wet but uh it rained just for a little bit then went on and so after all that was over we put them all back up and woke up a little late the next morning but uh when we finally got back from that that outing one of the uh parents of one of the kids had asked how it went and said that he was listening to the the radio and they clocked a ninety sev en mile an hour winds on the dam right in front of that lake and there 's really nothing to stop it it 's uh thirty or forty miles wide it 's a huge uh	The rain was very heavy but only went on for a few minutes .	1
i don 't and i don 't understand the reasoning for it i really don 't it it seems perfectly logical that if somebody 's going to take public money then they should return something to the public i mean if nothing else go out along an interstate and pick up garbage	There has to be a reason for this , even though I do not know what that is .	1
uh-huh well and and also you know you you you feel more like you know you 're actually part of the community if you 've done something in it	Once you 've done something , you feel like a part of the community .	0
This was especially the case after it found itself on the southern route taken by European merchants and missionaries of the 16th century .	It was on a route that European merchants were afraid to travel .	2
14 A consolidated approach to many of these issues can facilitate a concerted and effective response to new threats and mission performance .	The consolidated approach leaves new threats unaddressed	2
Beatty can forbid interviews , decline to answer questions , and refuse to appear in public .	The woman does not want to address the public .	1
At Brockhole , about 2 km ( 3 miles ) northwest of Windermere along the lake shore , is the Lake District National Park Visitor Centre , a very good place to gather information and plan your strategy for exploring .	The Lake District National Park Visitor Centre is located about 2 km northwest of Windermere .	0
Thus far , we have examined carrier time per possible delivery or per box .	They have not examined carrier time per possible delivery or per box .	2
To the Enquirer ' s story on Sopranos star Edie Falco--cribbed entirely from her appearance on the Late Show With David Letterman --and this week 's Enquirer piece on Jodie Foster 's secret passion for garage sales .	This week there is a piece on the Enquirer about a secret passion of Carrie Fisher .	2
Now I just have to figure out how to make it Ca 'daan 's arm up to the shoulder in Lummox 's arse instead of my own , he thought .	I wish Ca 'daan would reach up Lummox 's rear instead of mine , as I do not enjoy that .	1
An Inquisition-Style Massage	i limp massage	2
Celebrated in song , the old popular harbor district of Santa Lucia is now lined with elegant hotels and restaurants , many overlooking the formidable medieval Cetel dell 'Ovo on its own islet , with a handful of outdoor trattorias and cafe that enjoy a unique setting .	There is a song about the harbour of Santa Lucia .	0
Our task is to give some alternative meaning to the [ language ] that avoids this consequence .	We do not have a task .	2
not worrying so much about the Middle East crisis i know that it 's not settled but there are other areas that we could focus our attention on well thank you you have a good day bye-bye	The world , as a whole , should not expect help or attention from us at all , they need to solve their own crises .	2
sulked for a while huh well i like animals but we don 't have any yet we have a nine month old with another on the way and we thought well maybe when they 're a little bit bigger then we 'll or get into a house with a little more space	I don 't like animals or pets .	2
Their leader , a slender man with dusty gold lace banding his high collar , came directly to Rennie .	The leader stopped in front of Rennie and began to speak to him .	1
Down there .	Down there is where you can find me .	1
i don 't either i want some you know ski or something you know i 'm benefiting from it	I don 't know anything and I am not benefiting from anything .	0
( Current Editor Floyd S. Bloom will return to Scripps Research Institute . )	The Editor is leaving because he misses his old job .	1
Adrin ducked underneath , spun , and the two men grappled again .	Adrin was fighting a warrior from the south .	1
weapon systems over the next 5 years requires an approach that keeps cost , schedule , and performance risks to a minimum .	Personnel and staffing issues are also important to weapons systems management .	1
Culterlann na hireann holds a ceile ( an evening of traditional song and dance ) , on Friday nights in Monkstown .	A ceile is an evening of traditional song and dance .	0
And it reports that a friend says Sheen likes free-basing and he keeps loaded guns in the house .	Sheen 's friend described him as a law-abiding citizen , pleasant and friendly .	2
He 'd met the gamecock breed before and had never known the need to bristle at their crowing .	He 'd never seen a gamecock before .	2
The cathedral is less worthy of your attention than its exquisite little Romanesque Clo ? ® tre Saint-Sauveur .	Saint-Sauveur is much larger and more elaborately decorated than the cathedral .	1
There 's been a pile of fightin ' an ' folks is gittin ' mad ' bout it "	All the hugs in the bar are making people happy .	2
it 's one of the advantages of not having pitchers who are uh uh you know i guess i guess when you start pitching real well well move them up bam you know there goes the little the uh worst team	When you start pitching well , they get moved up in the rankings .	1
Silly ass ! I ejaculated .	I ejaculated because of your goofy ass .	1
uh and and you know some people might not believe that but uh but i do	Everyone knows that is true .	2
A three-year proposal to support these efforts is also pending before the Bush Foundation .	The three-year proposal has been nixed according to the Bush Foundation .	2
North American Electric Reliability Council ( NERC ) , Impact of FGD Availability Losses Experienced by Flue Gas Desulfurization Systems , NERC Generating Availability Trend Evaluations Working Group , July 1991 .	NERC analyzed the trend of availability due to flue gas desulfurization systems .	0
She had a horrible feeling of being slowly hemmed in on every side .	She was being hemmed in because the police were pursuing here .	1
Excellence Award Tuesday .	There will be an award ceremony in honor of Richard Tuesday , next Wednesday .	1
I showed them .	I showed them the project I 'd worked with .	1
The Shugakuin imperial villa lies at the foot of sacred Mt .	The imperial villa has no larger natural surroundings .	2
Trinfan knows what he 's doin ' , and I don 't think that pinto is goin ' to be runnin ' loose or alive much longer . " Drew pulled a clean shirt over his head .	Trinfan knows what he is doing according to Drew .	0
The exit from the Harem opens into the Third Court , otherwise reached through the Gate of the White Eunuchs .	The Gate of the White Eunuchs does not lead to the Third Court .	2
It is no place for the faint-hearted .	It is a place that is famous for attracting adventurous travellers .	1
when you were um when when you serve it do you shell them and then serve them to	You only have to shell them if you serve them raw .	2
The chain swung again .	The chain was pulled tight and didn 't move .	2
Borrowing from the public is a means of financing the Government 's outlays .	The Government obtains funds for outlays by crowdfunding .	2
The entrant would most likely attack routes with much higher than average profit margins .	The plan to attack them would be very profitable .	1
If These differences are material , the standards constituting Federal GAAP should be applied for purposes of including the components in entity-wide statements .	Federal GAAP should not be applied if the differences are material .	2
Then he and Vrenna ran down the tunnel .	The ran into the tunnel never to be seen again .	2
Women whose deportment and pursuit of excellence are worth emulating .	These women are not excellent .	2
The more formal agreements helped ensure that new members were familiar with the organization 's practices , which had previously been informal and undocumented .	The organization expected new members to get acquainted with their rules and norms strictly by talking to older members .	2
oh yeah oh boy you 've really missed a	Did you see that ?	2
because they they sort of pull that over on you you know like um like this is a charitable organization but actually it 's not it 's a come on so that they can get your name and phone number	They try to trick you by saying it 's for charity .	0
reams of paper come out of an office every day they just asked me to recycle	an office can use up reams of paper in the course of a day	0
oh yeah it probably will	Yes , it more likely will	0
Apparently one blob of material from the sun had been tossed all the way here and had landed against a huge rock to spatter into fragments .	The rock stood firm as the blog splashed against it .	2
Its stately European-style buildings have since been restored , largely for use as government offices and foreign legations .	The buildings were not restored .	2
Now don 't get me wrong .	Please do not misunderstand what I am saying .	0
These difficulties , combined with a departmental emphasis on adopting private-sector practices , have led DOD to prepare draft legislation that would abolish the current restriction and allow military and civilian employees governmentwide to retain for personal use frequent flyer benefits received on official travel .	The new draft legislation will allow employees to use frequent flyer benefits for personal use .	0
uh no the last expensive place i went to it was a it was a Shoney 's huh and we went there every Tuesday night and or Saturday night when we was playing uh when i was playing softball with uh	We went to Shoney 's a couple of times a week while I was playing softball .	0
He belongs to Senor Kirby who stands there with him . "	No one owns him .	2
it takes a lot more planning	No planning is needed .	2
Historical impact of the chairman 's choice of cuffs on the discount rate .	If the chairman 's choice of cuffs pleased the buyer , the discount rate was higher .	1
Along with all members of the GAO team , I look forward to using these protocols to continue to serve the Congress for the benefit of the American people .	I want to help Americans .	0
but uh he didn 't carry any ties or anything because he he just went over there with the that attitude well if i don 't take it then they won 't make me wear it because uh he just	He really despises all types of formal dressing .	1
is i don 't know if they 're Annie Hall glasses or not i just i don 't know i always think of Annie Hall when i see them but	Those are definitely Raybans .	2
Its most famous exhibits are the wonderful 15th-century tapestries , including the Lady with the Unicorn .	15th century tapestries are some of the most famous in the world .	1
hello hello did i reach the Dallas area	am I speaking to someone in Dallas ?	0
and your just like yeah well sort of right	You 're just unsure .	0
Fraud , illegal acts , and other noncompliance often result from the lack , or circumvention , of internal control .	The lack of or disregard of internal protocol causes illegal activities .	0
now i also uh even though i retired from education i uh i do modeling and i teach at a modeling agency here	I only work about six hours a week .	1
'Don 't worry , don 't worry , ' he repeated insistently .	But deep down , he knew I had to worry .	1
Christopher Columbus visited Porto Santo in the second half of the 15th century , marrying the local governor 's daughter .	Christopher Columbus remained a bachelor throughout his entire life .	2
you know that was uh that was a really interesting because it was a great big room the bathroom it was it was a great big room and uh and i remember the the vents you know just right over the top of the toilet	The bathroom was unusually large for the size of the building .	1
For his group , that would mean LSNY can withhold more than 80 percent of its $ 4 .	It means that LSNY can keep most of the money .	0
Browse through the Arab market behind the mosque and wander the alleyways towards the port .	The port can also be accessed by the boulevard next to the mosque .	1
And if you feel like being idle , France is full of quiet places where it 's a simple joy to do absolutely nothing .	France is a noisy country anywhere you go .	2
But , in fact , the whale 's gaseous chambers ( i.e.	The whale 's gaseous chamber holds many rare minerals .	1
i thought they would	I put a lot of time considering that they would .	1
There 's a little trick that you can use called [ a ] continuing resolution that continues spending at least year 's level .	A continuing resolution does not allow spending to chane .	1
It is this package that allows a manufacturer to build the product in the manufacturing facility .	The package lets the manufacturer make a product in a facility .	0
They had only traveled a short way out of Fena Kef but it seemed important to Jon that they leave the town in the middle of the night .	Jon said it didn 't matter when they escaped .	2
IPM also models a variety of environmental market mechanisms , such as emissions caps , allowances , trading , and banking .	IPM is models over 30 different environmental market mechanisms .	1
that 's a a big thing to think about	That 's a lot to think about .	0
He wished to be arrested .	The last thing he wanted was to be arrested .	2
The new institute opened its doors in March .	March was when the new institute had the grand opening .	1
and i i think you 're right uh i think you 're right there um i do remember when it was over i remember when they were coming home uh but i remember the feeling back then you know like i feel like right now i feel like this country has been behind this war	I feel like this country has been okay with the war before .	0
169 Probably , at this minute , too , he hears the sounds below of Mr. Wells and John leaving the boudoir .	Mr. Wells and John are leaving the boudoir at the moment .	0
uh-huh you got it i	Yep , that 's how you do that .	1
It 's very simple , really-- $ 5 million isn 't worth five times as much as $ 1 million .	$ 5 million is worth five times more than $ 1 million .	2
The committee held its final deliberations from July 24 through July 30 .	The final deliberations were held in the summer time .	0
Distributional Analysis of Regional Benefits and Cost of Air Quality Control .	They looked at the cost of air quality control in big cities .	1
Organized labor and advocates for farm workers historically have disputed these assertions based on the general high employment rate among domestic farm workers and the alleged desire of agricultural employers to preserve a cheap labor force with limited legal rights .	Farm workers are underpaid and do not have full legal rights .	1
yeah yeah yeah and he said that he has never gone anywhere before and he 's fished all over the United States in which they can catch the biggest bass that you 've ever seen so i would love to go over there they were talking about going over there and some time this spring and i was thinking it would be great to go over there to go fishing and uh and catch some bass	I want to go fishing .	0
Jon sat by her and ruffled her hair .	Jon was sitting next to her and ruffling her hair .	0
There is no alternative to evolution , asserted Barry Lynn , executive director of Americans United for the Separation of Church and State , during a recent Fox News debate .	Barry Lynn does not see a viable competing theory to the theory of evolution .	0
i have enjoyed aerobics in the past and i enjoy that because i like the group association you know like exercising with other people	I dislike engaging in any sort of activities on solo terms .	1
It also conceals a Gothic masterpiece , the Sainte-Chapelle .	It has a masterpiece in it .	0
Another indemnifying exit strategy is to claim that you 're seeking new opportunities , without naming them .	Everybody who doesn 't claim what opportunities they are seeking has something to hide .	1
She said that employees ' participation in SEC 's frequent flyer program is voluntary and that SEC 's savings have been minimal , in part because frequent flyer tickets do not give travelers flexibility in arranging their travel .	Frequent flyer miles give lots of flexibility to travelers .	2
Each pays tribute to the other in reliefs on the interior walls .	The interior walls display reliefs that convey their tributes toward one another .	0
He caught at the other .	He caught at the other .	0
it was good talking to you	I had a good time talking to you today .	1
and uh yeah i got all my little seedlings coming up in the kitchen and	My plants - the ones I 've put in the kitchen - are starting to grow	0
They said that each agency and each rulemaking is somewhat different .	They said that each agency and each rulemaking is somewhat different .	0
The French had little interest in the Alps until the mountain-climbing craze was launched by the conquest of Mont Blanc in 1786 .	After Mont Blanc was climbed in 1786 , the French became enamored with mountain-climbing in the Alps .	0
Effect is linked to cause by design and analyses that compare observed results with estimates of what might have been observed in the absence of the program .	There is no viable way or need to measure effect .	2
Renewed government	The government is better now .	1
The Thernstroms prescribe little to end the harms wrought by past injustices , or even to fight latent racism--except stopping affirmative action and kindred policies .	The Thernstroms are racists , though they do not admit it .	1
It 's no wonder that Wolf has become a well-paid political consultant .	Wolf worked as a waiter before being a consultant .	1
I 'm assuming they never think of me in this context because to them I was the other half of a couple with Rob , and it would somehow be disloyal on their part to introduce me to other men .	It is my assumption that they do not think of me in this context .	0
He walked round it .	The man jumped up and down on the object .	2
What then occasioned this sudden change of sentiment ?	This change in your sentiment is very surprising .	1
She can do it fast enough to show a fighter what his opponent is about to do .	She is unable to do anything quickly .	2
One of the best ways to appreciate the area is to take one of the excellent walking tours given on Saturdays by the Los Angeles Conservancy .	The tours done by the Conservancy cost $ 10 a person .	1
The F / A-18 E / F fighter and the AIM-9X missile were based extensively on predecessor programs and employed similar tools to capture design and manufacturing knowledge at critical program junctures .	The predecessor programs were successful .	1
The Knesset , Israel 's parliament , meets in a modern building decorated with major works by Chagall and other artists .	Chagall , also an Israeli , has works all over the walls of the Knesset 's meeting room .	1
It fitted , and he opened the box , but after a moment 's hesitation , closed and relocked it , and slipped the bunch of keys , as well as the key that had originally stood in the lock , into his own pocket .	The key worked for the box , but he relocked it and put the keys away .	0
emit one ton of sulfur dioxide .	Get rid of at least 1 ton of the sulfur dioxide .	0
That he 'd be in line behind Joe Camel is a lesson in cultural acceptability .	He would be in front of Joe Camel in the line .	2
it doesn 't bother me i don 't feel like it 's really a violation of privacy or anything	It really makes me feel that my privacy is violated .	2
A small one , sir .	A large one , sir .	2
I can 't stand your coming here and talking about ' little Tuppence . ' 	Tuppence is a nickname that I really do not like .	1
Closed-captioning 700 Club broadcasts in Yiddish , so everybody laughs at the same time .	There are no broadcasts in Yiddish .	2
And what would Du Bois have made of that ?	What do you think Du Bois would think of that ?	0
Still , it is bad news that maternal bonding begins with hormones at birth .	It 's unfortunate that a baby bonds with the mother as a result of hormones at birth .	0
The metrics described here will generally be used after contract award , in order to assess how well the agency is managing the system development process .	THe metrics are for before the contract award .	2
Well , economists do change their styles and their views as they get older ; Mundell changed more than most .	Economists as they grow change their taste for food .	2
My friend 's shop is near by .	My friend has a blacksmith shop .	1
San 'doro stood .	San 'doro stayed seated .	2
We are in the air a lot , and in hotels and restaurants .	We are in hotels and restaurants often , as well as being in the air .	0
At the back of the book , our helpful A to Z section provides detailed practical information on how to handle your stay in Malaysia .	Staying in Malaysia can be stressful due to cultural differences .	1
Nichols is eager to tell you what to think .	Nichols really wants to inform you of his thoughts .	0
well a lot of times it 's you know a lot of times it 's not the money that keeps people that keeps people	Money does not always make people stick around .	0
While we may enjoy annual surpluses for some time , longterm projections show a resumption of a pattern of deficits emerging after the anticipated demographic tidal wave hits .	Demographic shifts will have significant budgetary effects .	0
Either once or twice a week you can now see films in English in both Santa Eul ? ria and Sant Antoni .	English movies are screened daily in Sant Antoni .	2
Perhaps the greatest collection is housed in the small Art Gallery .	There are lots of art collections around the world , but the small Art Gallery has one of the best .	1
They have a spout-like whistle , and rather phallic versions are grounded in fertility lore .	They have a whistle .	0
Oh , yes .	No that 's inconceivable .	2
no i don 't unfortunately we have cable but that 's one thing i need to we had one but it broke down so uh i haven 't gotten another one because i haven 't you know i haven 't even	I don 't have internet because my router broke down .	1
no and uh unfortunately it shows i uh i 'm supposed to i 'm way overweight but uh i 've had a problem with uh high blood pressure which of course is directly connected to it and my doctor 's trying to get my blood pressure under control	I am overweight because I am lazy .	1
Because this hardware is used extensively throughout industry , availability should not be an issue , except that supply of this type of equipment needs to be integrated into the overall project schedule so it does not cause bottlenecks .	This hardware is used in many locations .	0
is it different in different states do you know	The laws for assault were different in California than they were in New York .	1
Station I ( Condemnation ) : Jesus was condemned in Herod 's Antonia fortress , the site of which is now covered by modern buildings .	These buildings include two office buildings and a Starbucks .	1
decided to carve up that part of the world and call part of it Persia and part of it uh Iraq and part of it something else you know and they they split things along um	They decided to divide that area of the middle east , one half was called Iraq and the other side was named Persia	0
oh well that gives him something to amuse him while there uh	That will keep him busy .	0
yeah i i don 't really know why you have uh uh you know in a small city or whatever medium size city you have a couple hundred thousand people eligible you know and you get ten thousand to vote i don 't have an answer for that i think that uh	I don 't know why when there are a couple hundred thousand people eligible to vote you only get ten thousand people showing up .	0
Most of the latest increase -- $ 42 -- will go to the Lawyers Trust Fund of Illinois , which disburses monies to legal aid organizations that assist low- income residents in civil matters .	The Lawyers Trust Fund of Illinois won 't receive anything from the increase .	2
for some reason because he was carrying a camera uh they left him alone	Without a camera , he would 've been arrested .	1
A program like this would mitigate environmental and congestion problems as well as quality-of-life concerns .	Quality-of-life concerns would be mitigated by a program like this .	0
The war entered on another phase , the diplomatic aspect changed accordingly , and the treaty was never redrafted .	As the war entered on another phase , the treaty was never redrafted , however many tried to to do so .	1
And to show me the famous window of the Defenestration of Prague , the glorious day in May 1618 during the Thirty Years War when two royal Catholic officers had been hurled from the window by the Protestant members of the Bohemian Diet--and being in Prague , had landed on a haystack below .	In May 1618 two royal Catholic officers were thrown out of the window of the Defenestration of Prague .	0
Organizational cultures will not be transformed , and new visions and ways of doing business will not take root without strong and sustained leadership .	Strong leadership will always lead to effective changes in an organization .	1
The decision to earn and hold early allowances is based on the assumption that allowances are viewed as an asset that must earn at least an 8 percent real return .	Allowances never produce a return .	2
It dates from 1706 , and is one of the few remaining original Queen Anne buildings in Dublin .	The building dates from 1802 , and is built in the Arts and Crafts style .	2
The other is the foreign chap he 's talking to . "	The other guy he is talking to is Russian .	1
Then there 's the enormous international community surrounding the entertainment industry .	International contributors make up a very small part of the entertainment industry .	2
The means of maintaining the database and the details that it contained had changed as the number of reported incidents at the university had grown--from 3 or 4 a month in 1993 to between 50 and 60 a month in early 1997--and as the database 's value as a management tool became more apparent .	The university had the same number of incidents in 1993 and 1997 .	2
--Yours humbly ,	I hate you	2
The titan stared east with an eyeless face .	It lost its eyes in a battle .	1
well when i go to work i listen	I listen on my way to work .	0
In the same area , however , right alongside the Egyptian border , are the best beaches and the most outstanding underwater scenery in the whole country .	There are no beaches near the border of Egypt .	2
It took French historians a long time to come to terms with the less attractive realities of what Louis 's style cost the nation .	France was plagued by debt until a new leader brought upon a more powerful economy .	1
You can find stables in the following Portinatx , Sant Antoni , Santa Gertrudis , and near Santa Eul ? ria .	There are stables in Portinatx , Sant Antoni , Santa Gertrudis , and Santa Eul .	0
Meta-analysis of randomized control trials addressing brief interventions in heavy alcohol drinkers .	The control trials weren 't randomized in the case of the heavy drinkers .	2
We 're employed to do so . " Mr. Hersheimmer leant back in his chair .	We have a job to do and have a quota to meet .	1
Quibbling that evil leaders are to blame , not the institution of government itself , is a pathetic evasion , reminiscent of an NRA bumper sticker that reads , Governments don 't kill people , only criminal leaders kill people .	The government released a series of bumper stickers for every political party .	1
The compromise position of several committees has been to transfer responsibility for visa policy to the proposed department , while retaining the cadre of overseas visa officers within State .	The " Transfer and Retain " compromise is likely to be the one all committees will agree on eventually ..	1
A given batch of dilution water should not be used for more than 14 days following preparation because of the possible build-up of bacterial , fungal , or algal slime growth and the problems associated with it .	After 14 days there is a risk of infection in the batch of dilution water .	0
are they i i have never i 've never been	I 've never been but I 've always wanted to go	1
Welfare reform was the hot topic at the National Governors ' Association winter meeting .	Welfare reform has never been discussed at a meeting of the National Governors ' Association .	2
Fort-de-France and its suburbs have a smattering of very local , very crowded discotheques where foreigners rarely appear .	Foreigners rarely appear in the discotheques of Fort-de-France .	0
Gandhi returned in 1915 after working as a lawyer defending the rights of the Indian community in South Africa .	After serving as a lawyer defending Indian rights in South Africa , Gandhi returned in 1915	0
Special nozzles or other hardware are generally not required .	Special nozzles and other hardware are almost always required .	2
The statute extends GAOas audit authority to aall matters- related to the use of public money , not just costs of activities .	GAO can 't look at public money .	2
Strongbow 's tomb is in the church ; and in the Chapel of St. Loo is a somewhat macabre artifact , the embalmed heart of Saint Lawrence O 'Toole , the influential 12th-century archbishop of Dublin , which is kept in a cage suspended on the wall near the altar .	The embalmed heart is kept in a glass jar next to the light .	2
well she just sent me the information out i i got a hold of it you know i just sent it back in and	I received the information and turned it in .	0
The Malays have a perfect understanding of their tropical climate .	Malays have difficulty adapting to drier or colder climates .	1
The administration 's failure to act effectively in Bosnia ( or in Rwanda ) can 't be blamed entirely , or even primarily , on Albright , whose job at the time was peripheral to the making and implementing of policy .	Albright should be the only one to take the blame .	2
all right good talking to you Brad take care bye	They intend to continue talking to Brad for hours on end .	2
Ain 't there anything I could do ?	I hope I can help you somehow .	1
yeah oh okay yeah okay i thought it maybe it was like you know like five fifty or something	Okay I just thought it was five fifty .	0
( Thomas L. Friedman of the New York Times even had a theory that no country with a McDonald 's had ever gone to war against another country with a McDonald 's . )	Thomas Friedman had a theory about wars .	0
Drive south on the motorway to Villajoyosa , then take the road that leads to Sella .	You cannot go to Sella from Villajoyosa .	2
I had to relearn everything .	I had to learn everything over again .	0
Pleasure , for Klein , is the opposite of It 's all about gratification and excess .	Gratification and excess do not bring Klein pleasure .	0
That 's Tuppence 's !	It belongs to Tuppence .	0
A report of the conference will also be provided to all participants complete with a package containing handouts .	Attendees of the conference will be given documents .	0
The small man 's head exploded into a red mist .	The large man 's head exploded into a red mist .	2
According to HUD staff , after the Economic Analysis was submitted to OMB , HUD made changes in the Analysis to maintain its consistency with the rule , to which minor changes had been made as described below .	It took staff one month to make the changes to the Economic Analysis .	1
Standard cost implies a norm , or what costs should be .	They tried to change the costs .	1
The 15th-century temple 's rich carvings attest to the wealth of the Jain merchant who commissioned it .	The Jain merchant who ordered the temple to be built spent a great deal of money on rich carvings .	0
sometimes the color would take too long to plot uh plot out	It is hard to plot out the color of it .	0
The ratings include the following .	There are no ratings .	2
There was a screen round it , but I could hear two people talking in the room .	It was hard to see inside , but I could clearly hear two men talking in the room .	1
well oh yeah and then of course there was there was the uh in Columbia with the drug lords but we just	Columbia has 1000 drug lords .	1
and most Americans probably don 't really know what that would mean and i maybe i 'm being maybe i 'm assuming too much no i don 't think most would i really don 't and so i feel like the real motivation was something that uh most people would have absolutely no idea and that that motivation is to um you know to establish a one world order and to break up the monopoly power of the Middle East will so that they will submit under the uh one world order i mean that 's what i felt so i 'm like going hum am i glad we went over there and did that um i think God 's ultimately in charge and	Most Americans know how to establish a one world order .	2
And you really mean to carry out this remarkable plan of yours . "	And you are not going to try to implement you amazing plan ?	2
uh records of of uh known felons which are available to local police departments	The records of the felons are not made available to local law enforcement .	2
The only evidence of Polycrates 's time is the giant mole which , now strengthened , still stands on the ancient foundations .	The ancient foundations still hold a kitchen , bedroom and hallway .	1
uh no not yet i know that sounds funny coming from a woman but usually i don 't	That sounds funny to hear a woman say that .	0
Federal Family Education Loan Information Weak Computer Controls Increase Risk of Unauthorized Access to Sensitive Data ( GAO / AIMD-95-117 , June 12 , 1995 )	Weak computer controls raise the risk of unauthorized access to sensitive data .	0
This is not a recent development ; the Minoans made it home , with their most famous palace only a few kilometers away from Iraklion .	The Minoans ' palace was palatial and beautiful .	1
Indeed , we leave the LSC program subject to even a greater uncertainty than the one we purport to have eliminated , since other circuits may conclude ( as I do ) that if the limitation upon welfare representation is unconstitutional , LSC attorneys cannot engage in welfare litigation at all .	LSC attorneys can 't engage in welfare litigation , or so the popular opinion says .	0
well yeah yeah i do but i still hated to see it i mean one of the reasons i voted for Bush was because	I hated to have to see that .	0
After that date her memory is as good as yours or mine . "	The person they are speaking about has poor memory .	2
Festivals are where superficially modern Japan gives way to the old , where ancient traditions are upheld , especially in remote rural districts .	The festivals are used to teach the younger generations about the history of the nation .	1
How do you fare ? asked Ca 'daan .	Ca 'daan asked how they were doing .	0
This perennially fashionable resort is particularly popular for family skiing holidays .	The resort has been popular for several years for family skiing vacations .	0
The other was a fiend .	None of them were fiends .	2
It was a gigantic blunder .	It was a huge disaster and there was nothing they could do .	1
The Anaheim Convention and Visitors ' Bureau has a wealth of information on the area .	There is very little information to be found at the Anaheim Convention and Visitors ' Bureau .	2
News keeps changing the rules simply in order to change the results .	The news keep changing the rules , yet the results oddly stay the same .	2
That remains to be seen , said Sir James gravely .	Sir James expresses his uncertainty towards the future .	0
Adrin 's expression fell and his cheeks grew scarlet .	Adrin 's face was red .	0
Your idea . ' 	It was a good idea .	1
there 's so many accidents with children accidentally getting a hold of guns	Children never get a hold of guns .	2
If NBC wanted to clone its sitcoms , you think it could aim higher than Suddenly Susan and The Naked Truth , says USA Today ' s Matt Roush .	Matt Roush loves all of NBC 's sitcomes .	2
and a good freeze and the windshield ices over and you take hot water or warm water out of the tap and thaw your windshield	Hot tap water is the best way to thaw a frozen windshield .	1
In every case , family members , who in an earlier age would have been enthusiastic , urged them to stay out .	Family members urged them to definitely go in .	2
Considered one of the greatest architectural achievements of the Ancient Egyptians , the temple complex at Abu Simbel is also one of the most famous .	Accessing the temples require a specific local guide at a specific time .	1
Had he meant to warn her that day ?	Did he want to warn her ?	1
David Street continues into the Street of the Chain ( Es-Silsila ) , which leads straight toward the Gate of the Chain ( Bab es-Silsila ) .	David Street runs into the Street of the Chain , which leads to the Gate of the Chain .	0
yeah yeah but it 's it 's doing pretty well now i think everybody 's	I think it 's working really well !	0
oh my gosh no kidding she knows something right that she needs if	She 's completely clueless .	2
Farmer Raikes has got a very pretty young wife .	Farmer Raikes loved his wife dearly .	1
i think it 'll be freedom of choice	I think it 'll be freedom of choice	0
Fried country chicken , soups , and grills are specialities .	Fried country chicken is a specialty .	0
The definition of covered year establishes when the new WRAP trading program will begin .	The definition of covered year establishes when the new WRAP trading program will begin .	0
The virtual equality of the average carrier time to serve urban and rural customers is a major finding of this paper .	The time for average carrier service in rural and urban customers will not be discussed .	2
and then when your children are very little you can 't go out and do things like that and it got so the insurance and the and the uh and the tie up fee uh was	It doesn 't bug us to bring our kids out there .	2
getting down together and doing that and and just the children were involved in the decision because it involved just them and you know making that decision and then	The children were the first priority when thinking of the decision .	1
i remember the last time that we had to go vote it was like man just to get up there and do it was major effort you know	I would vote more if it didn 't take so much effort .	1
yeah those double ones pretty good we 're on our third one i think somehow	The one we have now is our third .	0
On the central supporting pillar is a statue of John the Baptist ' beheaded not by Herod but by iconoclastic Huguenot vandals .	The central pillar showed shows a stature of John the Baptist getting beheaded by Herod .	2
Postal Service and FPAs were to pay each other terminal dues applying full First Class mail rates to all LC and AO mail exchanged , the U.S.	They both did not have to pay for the First Class mailings .	2
They lost a few mandrakes in prying loose some of the sun material , and more in getting a small sphere of it shaped .	Fortunately , their mandrakes remained intact after prying for sun material .	2
Boris , here , knows pretty ways of making people speak ! "	Boris can make people talk .	0
Remember that , and forget the ties to any other world , since that world no longer holds you . " Dave nodded slowly .	Recall all the other worlds you know , since they still hold you .	2
He awoke as the sky lighted into deep violet and began his trip through the crags .	He started to travel at daybreak .	0
any any after affects carrying over into the workday but um you know i i don 't i 'm not particularly concerned with what people do um after they leave for the day especially if i don 't if i don 't uh see any results of it the next day	Employees are expected to do their job every day without exception , unless they call in sick .	1
Genesis 24 : 1 says , And Abraham was old , well stricken in and the Lord had blessed Abraham in all things .	God didn 't bless Abraham .	2
Holly Brubach , who succeeded Fraser at The New Yorker , kept the standard high during her time there .	Holly Bruback is a man .	2
Ca 'daan looked at the scars on the man 's body , strange wounds he could not understand .	Ca 'daan saw the man had been injured .	0
oh yeah they do that i mean in in in north Texas they do that quite a bit where you know if you want to go to this particular movie or concert or a discounted thing the big thing down here is rodeos uh if you	I couldn 't speak to how things are done in north Texas .	2
In a country where form and substance were inextricably interrelated , two things counted in symbolic authority and real power .	Form and substance were the two pillars upon which the country was founded .	1
Many will feel that the case for subsidizing the nonproduction of doctors is weak when law schools are still cranking out lawyers by the caseload .	Law schools graduated 100,000 lawyers last year .	1
The work remains exquisite despite this perceived limitation .	The work looked excellent in spite of the apparent problem .	0
I didn 't get to hear that part of the conversation ; the door closed in my face .	I was upset that I missed part of the conversation .	1
The occasional cry of gulls and unexpected distant vistas will remind you that Dublin is by the sea , and the Wicklow mountains , which hold Dublin closely to the coast , are visible from everywhere .	Dublin has views of the sea , mountains , as well as the desert .	1
An editorial from the Chinese Xinhua news agency vilified Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui for venturing down a dead alley and swimming against the historical tide of unification .	The Xinhua news agency 's criticism of Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui was accurate and justified .	1
Similarly , to address IRS 's performance expectation for senior executives to develop and execute plans to achieve organizational goals , a senior executive who is the area director for compliance in New York has a performance expectation in his fiscal year 2002 individual performance plan to ensure that taxpayers affected by the events of September 11 , 2001 , are treated and audited according to their circumstances , and that the compliance guidelines and policy regarding affected taxpayers are adhered to .	The IRS gives bonuses to executives who meet all expectations .	1
yeah you shouldn 't even worry about most of the stuff i mean i don 't know it 's a little near sighted but uh	I know this is far sighted of me .	2
Shopkeepers are happy to let you climb up to their roof terraces for a striking view acrosea whole fairytale forest of some one thousand trulli domes .	If you 'd like to get a view of the whole forest , just ask a shopkeeper if you can climb onto their roof .	0
Of course , said Tuppence .	" Maybe " said Tuppence .	1
The meaning of each dance is recounted , but this is usually not easy since the origins have often been forgotten .	They usually don 't know the origins of each dance .	0
The long tomb shaft is decorated with excellent paintings depicting chapters of the Book of the Dead the rituals to be performed for Egyptians to reach the afterlife .	There are decorations on the long tomb shaft .	0
Part of that assessment should focus on options for moving away from a compensation system that contains governmentwide pay increases with locality adjustments , and toward a system that is based to a greater degree on the knowledge , skills , and performance of the individuals involved .	Agencies have been saying that this assessment is long-needed .	1
Is Bauerstein arrested , then ?	Was Bauerstein arrested by the local police ?	1
To see some of the town 's past glories , head for the semi-circular Place de la Lib ? ? ration ( formerly the Place Royale ) , designed by Jules Hardouin-Mansart , architect of the Ceteau de Versailles .	Place de la Liberation was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright .	2
On behalf of the Harvard Square respondents , it must be said that ignorance was masked by a bravura self-confidence .	The respondents from Harvard Square were very well informed .	2
His strategy is also built on the assumption that , if you 've got a sure thing , you should bet the house on it , which is why you buy on margin .	Betting always leads to winning .	2
I kept hoping that John Cleese would appear out of nowhere , and say , in the high dudgeon of his Dead Parrot routine , ' They 're dead !	I was hoping John Cleese would not appear .	2
156 Overhead the branches flapped and creaked with a mournful note .	The branches were silent when they moved .	2
At the far end are the Place J ? ? ru ? ­ salem and an old synagogue .	By the outskirts , there is Jerusalem and a place of worship .	0
When you live an isolated life at the White House or in a maximum security prison or in Patricia Duff 's head , you are bound to be out of touch .	You 're more likely to be out of touch while living an isolated life at the White House .	0
yeah but i think it it 's changing now yeah so i so we do know what okra is i wouldn 't have known what it was when i was a teenager though	Now it 's changing , I guess , but I have to be more informed about it	1
Old books .	Old books .	0
yeah yeah you might have to go to those old old old-timey high top tennis shoes that they used to wear	You might have to wear old fashioned sneakers .	0
Career civil servants act in place of unconfirmed presidential appointees .	No one acts in the place of unconfirmed presidential appointees .	2
The second pedophilia scare has served a more pragmatic legislative blackmail .	Scared by pedophilia not once but twice , there is a more sensible basis for legislative blackmail .	0
There was no patience for the good old Burkean conceit that legislators should sometimes rise above the wishes of their constituents .	There was much patience for ignoring constituents by legislators .	2
and now you 're taxing me again on it	And I 'm being taxed again .	0
I tried to move back a bit .	It was dangerous to be too close .	1
uh well lets see i suppose i could say i enjoy joy crocheting um gardening knitting uh hiking	I like to crochet , gardenm knit and hike .	0
i 've uh as far as i 'm concerned i find that the young women have lost so much because they have become more aggressive and more dominating and i think that comes about from their being a definite factor in the job market now	Young women have lost more since they need to be more aggressive to land a career .	0
Outcomes from these problems include increases in cost and schedule and degradations in performance and quality .	Outcomes from the problems are increases in cost and schedule .	0
They stood ready .	They were armed for what was going to happen .	1
I have it on good authority that the main reason that Monica hasn 't taken a job or even done volunteer work during her ordeal is that she is rightfully fearful that her co-workers would immediately sell her out to the tabloids .	She is afraid that he co-workers would report on her to the tabloids .	0
There are marked trails leading from the park 's headquarters into the jungle .	The marked trails are of a car .	1
In the hills south of Runaway Bay is the village of Nine Mile .	Nine Mile is one of several villages near Runaway Bay .	1
The Kambattadi Mandapa , the ambulatory to the Sundaresvara shrine , is the busiest place in the temple .	The walkway to the Sundaresvara shrine gets the most traffic .	0
But Czarek still hadn 't reached his main goal ' to impress Miss Aldonka , and then we 'll see . ' He was determined to succeed and determined to prepare even better for the next convention .	Miss Aldonka does not find Czarek impressive .	0
Other benefits , such as a single mobilization , a single construction manager , and sharing of large construction equipment for the two projects exist , but they are not expected to make a significant difference due to the difference in size between the portions of the combined FGD and ACI project .	Sharing equipment isn 't very convenient .	1
After years of neglect it was restored , beginning in the mid-1970s , and opened to the public in 1984 .	It was left to rot .	2
uh the style of our neighborhood uh we 're certainly not the smallest home and we 're not the largest home but it has maintained itself in that the homes that were built afterwards uh have come up some of them are a little smaller because at one point they wanted to put some two thirty five housing in	Our home is the biggest on the block by far .	2
in only a couple of hours usually what we use them for now is to transport between school and and uh the day care center and have them wait there just long enough for me to get off work and go pick them up	They transport between school and daycare on big yellow buses .	1
There were no red eyes , no signs of secretly indulged grief .	The eyes were red from crying all night .	2
they have contests on the radio in the morning and i think i won one of the movie mystery contests one time	Late at night the radio hosts sex talk shows for naughty adults .	2
The British fleet dueled with the guns of El Morro fort and the defending warships in a long , costly battle .	The guns of El Morro and the British fleet fought each other .	0
A man looked in , then passed on to the next carriage .	To her surprise , the man came into her cabin .	2
The Palazzo Pubblico 's ground floor houses the offices of the town hall , but its upstairs chambers , frescoed by the city 's foremost artists , have been transformed into a Museo Civico ( municipal museum ) .	The Museo Civico has been housed inside the upper floors of the Palazzo Pubblico for over ten years .	1
Don 't think she ever realized it , though , or felt the lack of it .	She was aware the entire time .	2
and uh if they did this maybe help them out in their college cost and maybe they could pay people for doing this at least something so they could could subsist	I think they could help college students .	0
Finally , an agency should conduct postimplementation reviews to determine how well acquisition goals were met and whether the information resources acquired should be added to or replaced .	To determine if acquisition goals are met , an agency should conduct postimplementation reviews .	0
The owner or operator of a facility with excess emissions must both offset the excess emissions with an equal amount of allowances and pay a financial penalty .	With these types of sanctions , it really is not worth it to try to cut on costs and not adhere with the rules and regulations .	1
Now , forget about this rate case and put aside any notion that I am suggesting others mailers should pay a larger share .	This is because he 's paid for by the lobbiests of large mailers .	1
they appropriate for the purpose of the case study ?	There is a case study .	0
Also look out for the silk obi sashes used to tie kimono .	Silk obis are much better for tying kimonos than other materials .	1
Would he , or would he not have had plenty of time to remove and destroy them ? "	There was only enough time to remove them .	1
ah that 's really good	That is bad .	2
i 've got a lot of especially right now we 've got several new products coming out and i 've got lots of documentation i need to review and some i need to revise	I have a lot of documentation that I need to review and revise .	0
Give us some content-rich brainfood stereophonically fed through the audio ports while our lower cortex is busy arranging electrons on the screen .	Our lower cortex is used for doing math .	2
and leave us uh-huh	Stays .	2
Well , go on and tell me if you 've got so much to say .	If you 've got so many bad things to say about me , then say it .	1
It runs on a desktop computer and uses the Internet for communication among design review participants .	It runs on a computer and uses the Internet to email people .	0
Law and religion were important in Celtic culture .	The laws in Celtic society were clearly defined .	1
Both are marvelous speakers .	The two are excellent at speeches .	0
they 're half they 're team is going to be gone now and see that 's another thing for next year with UNLV they 're not going to have no team	At least half of the players will return to UNLV next year .	1
They would tell you it was rifles and pistols that won the war but it isn 't true .	The war was won .	0
Ours is richer in the lighter atoms . "	Theirs has barely any lighter atoms , like ours .	2
Sinatra had seen some pictures of Brando and decided he needed to talk to the obese actor about his weight .	Sinatra has not seen any pictures of Brando .	2
i think that that 's a good benefit i think having women uh in in higher up positions stuff like that	I think it is great to have women in management positions at work .	1
Slipping quickly through the window , Tuppence crept noiselessly along till she reached the boudoir window .	Tuppence stayed inside and did not creep at all .	2
As Brookings economist Henry Aaron pointed out in the Committee discussion , if you could pour in enough money to pay for the transition to privatization , the system would no longer be out of balance .	Nothing could be done to put the system back into balance .	2
In the Queen 's Bedroom , 19 royal children were born , many of them ' as was the custom ' with members of the public looking on .	There were more than 15 children born there .	0
The institutions and individuals he supports--call them Milliken Men--have helped legitimize a point of view that still commands virtually no support among professional economists , and which was regarded , even a decade ago , as politically beyond the pale .	The Milliken Men are regarded as politically questionable because of their campaigning .	1
Also , the portrayal of foreign countries struck me as simplistic at best .	The portrayal of foreign countries was simplistic .	0
It is also the site of Sevilla la Nueva , the original Spanish settlement on Jamaica , founded in 1509 , which sits just to the west of the modern town .	Sevilla la Nueva was settled by the French .	2
You know perfectly who I mean . "	You have no idea who I mean .	2
It is seen as a rebuke to Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott and a victory for Democrats , Sen.	It was a historic victory for the liberals .	1
You couldn 't possibly have published a better parody of what passes for scholarship in the postmodern world .	This is a parody of what passes for obtaining a scholarship in the postmodern world .	0
Bernstein suggested that the supporting text for this recommendation would have to explain the need for political commitment to changing the health and social outcomes resulting from alcohol problems .	Alcohol problems have an impact on health and social outcomes .	0
and uh the polls are open what was it a couple of weeks uh the hours are good and it they 're even open on Saturdays and a couple of Sundays	The polls are closed on weekends , sometimes even during some week days .	2
APHIS did determine , however , that the amendments to the regulations allowing , under certain conditions , the importation of fresh , chilled , or frozen pork from the State of Sonora , Mexico , into the United States could be issued as a final rule at this time .	The amendment allowed the importation of pork from Mexico .	0
These changes would increase revenue by another nine-tenths of a billion dollars .	These changes are small but would have a very large impact .	1
um maybe younger people are different i 'm not sure	Maybe the younger generation is different , but I 'm not certain .	0
How can referrals be effectively accomplished ?	Referrals are needed	1
Making your own way to the villages will cost less than if you take an organized excursion , which includes the in- evitable libation of sangr ? ­ a .	Travelling to the villages by yourself is a more memorable experience than an organized excursion .	1
As old as Buddhism , Jainism has made its mark with its concept of ahimsa ( non-violence ) and is much more pacifist than its name , which means religion of the conquerors .	Jainism believes in the idea of violence .	2
The use of rock-cut sanctuaries goes back to the time of Emperor Ashoka , during the third century b.c. , when itinerant Buddhist monks formed a religious order and the emperor provided them with rock-hewn cells as a vihara ( retreat ) during the monsoons .	Rock cells became a traditional dwelling place for Buddhist monks in the centuries that followed .	1
He was so tired .	He hadn 't slept in days .	1
Ok , he said .	Jon said that it was okay .	1
To go to Malaysia without setting foot in the jungle would be to miss an essential beauty of the country .	The jungle 's of Malaysia have nothing to see for tourists .	2
The kings of Spain enjoyed being rowed down the river in gala launches .	The gala launches were very large .	1
At sunset it makes the perfect finish to a day 's walk but many like to start out from here and reverse the order of the walk we have proposed , reserving the cathedral for a triumphant climax .	Most people choose to reverse the order of the walk .	1
The twelve men stood at the end of the bridge waiting for them .	They were waiting near the edge of the overpass .	0
Time excerpts its own 1979 article about cult leaders Marshall Applewhite and Bonnie Lu Nettles ( then Bo and Peep ) .	Time first began publishing articles and works in 1990 .	2
3 million to fund its very narrowly construed mission .	No funds would be needed for the mission .	2
Batons struck palms menacingly .	They hit their palms with the batons .	0
In fact I am almost certain that it was made no earlier than yesterday afternoon . "	I know it was made two weeks ago .	2
Crucial information is delayed and denied , which brings us back to the motif of Juneteenth , the day when slaves found out they 'd been free for two and a half years .	When the relaying of crucial information is delayed , it causes massive problems .	1
Men like Leon Battista Alberti , brilliant architect-mathematician-poet , brought about a new spirit of inquiry and scepticism .	A stupid individual brought a new type of questioning .	2
The nature of the events suggests that we are to vote on who best imitates a New York Times editorial or a Talk of the Town piece .	We likely won 't be voting on any imitations during the events .	2
His eyes shifted under the sergeant 's steady , boring stare , and he glanced at the rest of his companions , the two disheveled fighters , the lanky man picking up a forage cap and handing it to one of them .	He looked at the sergeant and the rest of his companions .	0
those are real i have a several of those that i 've made like as wedding gifts you know i made them out of all lace and	They 're real I own a few of them that I 've created as wedding presents .	0
It may not be efficient for EPA to make these choices in rulemaking .	It will be efficient for the epa to set rules	2
This belief is based primarily on the perception of a cost differential between rural and city delivery .	They believe it because they think rural and city delivery have different costs .	0
'And I 'll have more , but you could carry greater sway down here .	You could be more influential down here if you 'd have more self-confidence .	1
These unfortunate circumstances threatened to relegate Las Vegas to the status of a small desert community that could no longer support its 3000 residents .	Las Vegas was on the brink of becoming a small community unable to support the residents .	0
They plan to open another community courthouse at St. Mary 's School of Law in the spring and are searching for future sites on the South Side and North Side .	They tried to open a community courthouse at St. Mary 's , but the project fell through .	2
11 Moreover , on many roads served by rural carriers , mailboxes must be placed on only one designated side of the	mailboxes mustn 't be placed on only one designated side of the	2
The many parties who had already argued that a $ 1 .	There are many parties that argue $ 1 is enough for a meal .	1
This bold guess about the solutions to a certain complex-valued infinite series ( made by the incomparable Bernhard Riemann in 1859 ) would , if true , have far-reaching implications for the structure of the most basic of entities , the natural numbers .	Should this guess about how some infinite series might be solved prove true , there could be big implications about the natural numbers .	0
Located on the northeast coast of Pulau Pinang ( Betel Nut Island ) , Georgetown is the draw to Penang state , with rich colonial and historic roots amid the clutter of a market and commercial town .	There is commercial town and a market in Georgetown .	0
DOD is also developing a self-paced GPRA course accessible on the Internet and is considering the use of CD-ROM technology .	DOD courses are mostly very poor in quality but very expensive to produce .	1
so they 've done really well yeah i 've just learned about that breed	I don 't like that breed , it looks like a terrible mix with the disadvantages of both	2
The pink granite needle of the queen is the tallest in Egypt , pointing 30 m ( 97 ft ) toward the sky .	The granite needle tower is green .	2
yeah yeah you can 't stop them and once they 're here to some extent we support them	They 're nowhere near here since they 're so easy to keep away .	2
This would provide substantial freedom to compete , but within a constrained framework .	We will not have the freedom to compete .	2
A quick recap .	A long winded explanation .	2
However , WTP is generally considered to be a more readily measurable and conservative measure of benefits .	WTP is the method preferred by many accountants .	1
His first attempt at magic produced food .	He knew how to perform magic .	0
Approximately 13 kilometers ( 8 miles ) west of the city is Queensferry , a town that developed as a croseng point of the Firth of Forth for routes to the north of Scotland .	There is a crossing point of the Firth of Forth .	0
The present church dates from the late 19th century .	The church goes back to the late 18th century .	0
But at the Riviera ( Tel . 702 / 734-5110 ) all four shows are adult-oriented ( though Splash is covered for the early show ) ; for raucous fun , choose the Crazy Girls a topless review that gets even more red-light during convention season .	The Riviera 's shows are great for all ages .	2
Anything in between , youre screwed .	Anything within that range , you 're done for .	0
spots in it	Spots in it	0
oh i loved it you know i haven 't seen that one yet and i need to go see it	I think I will love the one I haven 't seen .	1
No longer the sole habitat of sun worshippers , the islands welcome thousands of cyclists in early spring ; April and May bring hikers to exclaim over wildflowers ; and bird-watchers with binoculars and zoom lenses record rarities and migrants on their way north .	Bird-watchers often visit the islands all year round .	1
Our analysis helped the Congress reduce the final fiscal year 2000 appropriation request	Congress was able to cut programs including driver 's ed and utility workers .	1
I could only nod .	I told them a story .	2
She 's very polite , and she makes them feel like their contribution to the system is important .	She is a very polite lady .	0
Jon reloaded his guns , holstered them , and drew his rapier and dagger .	Jon had no weapons .	2
Case studies in evaluation today have made these adaptations in different degrees .	Case studies in evaluation did not make in difference in these adaptations .	2
It was one of the longest and blackest I have ever seen .	I was afraid of the long black thing .	1
The estrangement of too many parents from John McCain 's life .	Alienation from parents was common in John McCain 's life .	0
IRS has important management reform initiatives underway to address long-standing management weaknesses , but it missed the opportunity to demonstrate these actions in its portion of the Department of the Treasury 's fiscal year 2000 performance plan .	The IRS focuses namely on fixing management problems .	1
However , the comment I object to is the one where you say there is never a handicapped person waiting to use it when you are done .	30 % of the time , a handicapped person is waiting .	1
I 'd like to look at those spurs . Stein unlocked the case and took them out .	I think I want to buy those spurs .	1
These flagships are preserved in the Sailor 's House , along with related nautical mementoes .	There are various seafaring items stored in the Sailor 's House .	0
These here hosses is goin ' to be treated jus ' like th ' good stuff they is .	These hosses are good and will be treated well .	0
She demanded it from Mrs. Inglethorp who assured her , quite truly , that it had nothing to do with that matter .	Mrs. Inglethorp did not lie when she said she had nothing to do with it .	0
The final rule was issued pursuant to sections 4 , 6 ( b ) , 8 ( c ) , and 8 ( g ) of the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 ( 29 U.S.C.	The OSHA of 1970 has saved countless lives .	1
To stimulate discussion , five perspectives are offered below .	To promote discussion , four perspectives appear below .	1
large if not too large	It was small if not too small .	2
Our report attracted much congressional interest .	Congress saw the good in the report	1
They serve the low cost portion of the market and price below the incumbent .	They serve the luxury market .	2
It is indeed mon ami Hastings !	It is , Hastings !	0
Well Shields on the Brill It 's an interesting story , rather than an important story .	An important and interesting story is Shields on the Brill .	0
yes it did yes it did just as Rain Man uh with Dustin Hoffman	I have never heard of Rain Man .	2
Several of the master 's paintings are on display , among them A View of Toledo and Portrait of St. Peter .	A Portrait of St. Peter is on display here .	0
An Aesthetic Education Workshop for Some Implications for a Theory of Case Studies .	A workshop for aesthetic education .	0
On a train you 're not trapped in your seat	You are not trapped in your seat in a train because there are spaces to move around .	1
on an island promoting nudism .	On a chaste and conservative island .	2
The particular combination of equipment chosen for mercury reduction at a particular facility is largely determined by the existing equipment and conditions at the facility .	Additionally , local regulations also need to be taken into account on a per facility basis to determine what mercury reduction equipment is needed .	1
it it became a chore	It was easy and fun .	2
The Times Union coverage of Law Day quoted Chief Judge Judith S. Kaye as saying , The promise of freedom and equal justice is an empty one if our justice system is not accessible .	Chief Judge Judith S. Kaye said , " the promise of freedom and equal justice is an empty one if our justice system is not accessible . "	0
The king was converted and the plant has been a symbol of Ireland ever since .	The plant was a symbol of Iceland .	2
I saw a group of people who looked out of place .	I saw people who didn 't fit in .	0
The Battle of Midway , in June 1942 destroying Japan 's four aircraft carriers and soon thereafter its merchant navy and remaining naval air-power cut Japan off from its empire .	June 1842 was the date when the Battle of Midway occurred .	2
Don 't let the philosophy of Gingrich ...	Allow the thinking and findings of Gingrich ...	2
Tommy stared .	Tommy looked for a long time .	0
But the answer is noooo . I mean , why should I agree now ?	I agreed in the past , but not now .	1
Corpus Christi , by Terrence McNally ( Manhattan Theatre Club ) .	Terrance McNally from the Manhattan Theatre Club created this piece called Corpus Christi .	0
In August 1994 Castro suddenly lifted restrictions on those wishing to leave ( coastal patrols usually force potential emigres to return ) .	Castro lifted restrictions in 1994 .	0
yes yeah they still show Mister Rogers i don 't think he 's making new ones but they repeat all the old ones	I don 't know anything about Mister Rogers .	2
There is a great variety of places to stay , from luxury grand hotels ( what the French would call a palace ) and converted chateaux and abbeys to simple country inns ( auberges ) and g ? ® tes ruraux ' often a converted farmhouse where the farmer 's wife cooks your meal .	The hotels are all very exclusive .	2
The excavations are actually less impressive than those at most other Turkish sites , but for those who have enjoyed Homer 's Iliad and Odyssey it is a magical place , where the stones are haunted by the spirits of Helen and Paris , Achilles , and Agamemnon .	People who enjoyed Homer 's Illiad find it to be a haunted location and are scared to return at night .	1
do right exactly and uh	Do the right thing .	0
do right exactly and uh	Do as you wish .	2
This summer 's World Cup will distract fans and remove the league 's best players for two months in the middle of the season .	This summer 's World Cup will be broadcast on television .	1
Adrin and San 'doro began the hike to the north passage .	Adrin and San 'doro would have a long journey .	1
yeah yeah yeah but the paneling and the wallpapering and the and that kind of stuff are alike	The paneling and wallpapering are the almost the same .	1
The girl shook her head wonderingly .	The wondered as she shook her head .	0
Crazy Richard Nixon and All That Jazz , by Leonard Garment ( Times Books ) .	Times Books did not publish any of Leonard Garment 's books .	2
Instead , their focus is on improving the reliability of performance management information .	Their focus us improving reliability of performance management info	0
Ca 'daan couldn 't say who begun the exchange this time .	Ca 'daan knew exactly how this started .	2
He felt that it would be a pity to come round too soon ; and until the pain in his head became a little less acute , he felt quite incapable of collecting his wits .	He wanted to get up and start thinking already .	2
As an alternative , DOD is now testing the feasibility of training staff at its GPRA pilot agencies via satellite .	The DOD is considering testing out staff training via satellite at its GPRA pilot agencies .	0
The flow of information between the CIA and Mossad is said to have slowed since .	The CIA and Mossad communicate monthly .	1
Clinicians in the ED are interested in screening for several alcohol endpoints .	Screening is what doesn 't interest clinicials in the ED .	2
It 's a great sum of money , and besides " she gave a curious smile " it is not wise to throw over a woman like me ! " For a moment or two , she remained smiling , and lightly tapping her fingers on the table .	She was telling him that it 's a bad idea to let go of her .	0
The Anzacs ( Australia and New Zealand Army Corps ) saw some of the worst fighting and suffered the heaviest casualties ; the beach where they landed has been named Anzac Cove ( Anzak K ? ? y ? ? ) in their honour .	The Anzacs saw some of the worst fighting and suffered a great number of casualties .	0
I can 't do this .	I am not able to do that task .	0
One example is the 1981 legislation consolidating many small categorical grants into larger block grants , the funds for which could be spent very flexibly .	The 1981 legislation consolidated a lot of grants into larger ones , totalling about $ 10 million .	1
and then what is the long-term effect of us burying that in the ground if that stuff	That stuff is perfectly safe , I have no concerns at all about it .	2
Apparently the news hasn 't reached quiz participants that America has shaken of the malaise of the Vietnam War and the clunky gas-guzzler by invading several small nations and imitating the design and manufacturing methods of Toyota .	If they had received the news , they would think differently .	1
Watched over by crows , pigeons , and parakiats and some rare birds , which will doubtlessly be of interest only to ornithologists are a number of temple-like memorials built on the site of the maharajas ' funeral pyres , and a colonnade of Hindu god-heroes .	The birds come to these memorials to pay their respects to their human masters .	2
For example , users of financial reports are interested in a company 's overall performance and outlook and , accordingly , would be interested in the effectiveness of internal control over the process that produces that data .	The overall outlook of the company 's performance is something that financial report users want to see .	0
Future generations will have to deal with that .	Future generations will have to deal with global warming .	1
Like other revolving funds , it earns exchange revenue , which is an offset to its gross cost .	As a a rule , revolving funds earn some revenues .	0
The route there runs through groves of willow , used for the local cricket-bat industry , and fields of saffron .	The path there runs through arid desert land , with nothing growing except for a few scrubby bushes .	2
On the first morning , you take a jeep-safari at dawn to scout the terrain .	Scouting the terrain by jeep-safari , will be the first thing to do .	0
we have i know of one that the one that we use uh has uh recycling for the bags	None of them that we use have bag recycling .	2
Genoa sided with the Spanish to give Emperor Charles V access , via Milan , to his German territories , and later became a lucrative clearinghouse for Spain 's newly discovered American silver .	American silver found by Spain in the 1600 's was a very lucrative business .	1
[ A ] ttorneys providing legal assistance must have full freedom to protect the best interests of their clients .	In order to protect the best interests of their clients , attorneys must have full freedom .	0
Sulfates and nitrates that form in the atmosphere from SO2 and NOx emissions are significant contributors to visibility impairment in many national parks and wilderness areas , as well as urban areas across the country .	Visibility in urban areas can be affected by NOx emissions .	0
Nonfederal and federal saving together compose national saving , which influences investment and the next period 's capital stock .	National saving has no effect on investment or capital stock .	2
The next time he got a limp fish that had been dead far too long .	The fish was dead because it had been poisoned .	1
At first , the journalists were somewhat irritated , but later , upon seeing Suwak 's phenomenally good mood , started to change their minds .	Suwak was happy to see the journalists .	1
There , he said .	It 's over , the trial has ended .	1
Figure 6.2 shows the boilermaker labor requirements out to 2010 assuming 32 GWe of scrubbers and 85 GWe of SCR installations are installed by 2005 and compares the demand to the supply of labor .	A comparison of the demand to the supply of labor isn 't shown in Figure 6.2 .	2
really great they have some nice stuff down there	Some of their stuff is very nice .	0
A small , dark room filled with the screams of innocent Cambodians .	The laughter echoed within the tiny room .	2
Prior to implementing sampling procedures , a sampling plan should be developed .	Sampling procedures are unsafe if a plan is not developed .	1
Most of the remaining costs are attributable to extending the quality system and requiring appropriate documentation , evaluating suppliers and contractors and management review .	Requiring appropriate documentation is not one of the remaining costs .	2
the Turkish Van sort of sits off by itself but they love to play and uh	The Van is mostly by itself .	0
She walked as far as Kensington Gardens and then slowly retraced her steps , feeling infinitely better for the fresh air and exercise .	The outside air and light activity was an instant mood lifter .	0
Forbes : I 'm an independent outsider .	The person is not an independent outsider .	2
As you continue through the huge bronze doors of the Imperial Gate , your eyes will be drawn skywards by the upwards sweep of the dome .	There are huge bronze doors at the Imperial Gate .	0
A little Musee du Vin ( Rue d 'Enfer ) tells the history of wine-making , with all its paraphernalia , from Roman times to the present day .	The Rue d 'Enfer talks about the wine 's history .	0
122 " Haven 't you heard ? "	Have you heard ?	0
but uh they 're not my favorite people either	I am not fond of those people .	0
The train 's narrow roof beckoned me , boasting of safety ... The roof lied .	The train 's roof was shaky .	2
For another , it ends with Liza Minelli parading through a series of phantasmagoric stage sets singing a pointedly ironic song called Happy Endings--a sequence every bit as dazzling ( and as mystifying ) as the ballet from An American in Paris . Just as Mean Streets is an unparalleled demonstration of the power of film to convey reality , Happy Endings is a celebration of film 's magical ability to create it .	It ends with Minelli singing .	0
When an applicant seeks federal funding from LSC and as they become grantees , they are required , as a condition of continued federal funding , to pursue state planning with all other LSC-funded grantees , The penultimate goals is the establishment of communities of justice in every state .	Applicants that want federal funding from the LSC may slowly become grantees .	0
He invited me to his wedding , though I was unable to attend .	I had business to take care of on his wedding day .	1
yeah i can 't even hear what you 're	Yes , I can 't hear .	0
The farmers of the Lyon region benefit from a subtle mixture of the cooler and damper north with the first hints of Medi ? ­ ter ? ­ ra ? ­ ne ? ­ an warmth and light .	The combination of weather systems leads to longer planting and harvesting seasons .	1
i 've seen your spaghetti bridges though when i wouldn 't want to go over them	I would love to cross a spaghetti bridge .	2
My dear Poirot , I said coldly , " it is not for me to dictate to you .	I do not have the role of dictating to you , Poirot .	0
The verdict ?	They didn 't find the verdict .	2
aren 't aren 't they like put taking the words and and listening to the dialect and yeah	They want to listen for differences in dialect .	1
It means you really , really like the woman .	The woman is hated .	2
Development and maintenance of a toxicity test laboratory quality assurance ( QA ) program requires an ongoing commitment by laboratory management , and includes the ( 1 ) appointment of a laboratory quality assurance officer with the responsibility and authority to develop and maintain a QA program ;	The QA program requires a commitment by the lab management because they have to test a lot of samples .	1
It is also extremely important that we maintain and strengthen our capacity to effectively serve the Congress and meet the growing demand level in the future .	The Congress will have a greated demand in the future .	0
Presidential historian Stephen Ambrose begins his NewsHour appearance by inveighing against evening newscasts too smutty to watch with his 12-year-old granddaughter .	The newscasters all watched with his granddaughter .	2
The agencies planned to increase operating efficiencies and improve services by automating paper-based personnel processes .	The agencies thought the paper-based personnel processes were already efficient .	2
well that that certainly can happen now if you you say you 're in communications uh what base of communications would you be most interested in getting in to	That certainly cannot happen at any time .	2
Evaluation case studies have covered shorter periods and involved less on-site investigation than research case studies characteristically do .	Evaluation case studies have covered longer periods and involved more on-site investigation than research case studies characteristically do .	2
Soon they both stood , staring past the other , bodies jerkling slightly .	Two people stood beyond the others .	0
My brain was arush .	My brain was moving fast .	0
USA Today posts top China stories , many of them from the Associated Press .	The USA Today posts stories about Africa instead of China .	2
With the implementation of the Matters Reporting System , the Corporation has created an asset offering significant dividends for stakeholders at all levels of the civil justice system .	The Matters Reporting Systems allows significant dividends for some stakeholders .	2
Said Palazzolo , One of the things that excites me about it is starting up a new office and making our legal services more accessible to people in the North Shore area .	This is the second location that Palazzolo is opening up , although the first in the North Shore area .	1
In addition to receiving various academic awards , such as the Annual Human Rights Award from the American Immigration Lawyers ' Association ( 1992 ) and a Mary McCarthy Fellowship in Public Interest Law ( 1992 ) , Professor Cleveland has published several articles .	Professor Cleveland specializes in law , so his awards and articles all have to do with law .	1
The site immediately returned Bradley 's official site , a site for news about the 2000 presidential race , information about Medicaid , and books about Bradley .	Bradley 's site was promotional and only showed information about his books .	2
yeah already have foreign cars	I only have domestic vehicles .	2
Participants expressed the belief that having the right people on the board is just as important if not more so as having the right rules under which the board operates .	The participants also expressed that they do not like the color red .	1
Best of all , though , I avoid the hubris of pushing my ideas of appropriate formality on others , even those who agree with me .	I cannot stand anyone who does not agree with my ideas on appropriate formality .	2
New construction is everywhere , the streets buzz , traffic is increasingly congested , and in the frenetic pace of rush hour everyone in Dublin seems intent on changing places with everyone else .	Dublin is a successful city .	1
just recently it was really kind of interesting because Arsenio was asking him about uh	It was kind of interesting .	0
People stayed in neighborhoods , for example , because they could not afford to move , and because other neighborhoods would not accept them easily .	People moved from neighborhoods because other neighborhoods welcomed them with open arms .	2
But for those who aren 't so popular , Washington High is a forbidding place .	Washington High can be a scary place if you 're not popular .	0
Meal Times	Times to Eat and Relax .	1
If you opt for a coach tour , make sure a stop at Eira do Serrado is included ( there 's also great shopping and a newly built estalagem , or inn , here ) .	Eira do Serrado is not to be missed .	1
Since NOx emissions result in formation of ground-level ozone , reducing NOx emissions will reduce ozone levels and thus reduce the deleterious effects of ozone on human health and ecosystems .	The formation of ground level ozone is affected by NOx emissions .	0
This report looks at the core of the acquisition process , specifically product development and ways to successfully design and manufacture the product .	The report examines the product elimination part of the acquisition process .	2
They reach out to help people who frequently have nowhere else to turn for legal assistance on tax matters .	They reach out to help people who have legal assistance on tax matters .	2
Additionally , our Request for Proposals now encourages applicants to describe the quality of their delivery approach , the unique features of their service area and any model projects .	Our request for proposals encourages the applicants to describe the quality of their approach , and how they are unique .	0
and it 's like all these pawns on this chess big all these players on this big chess game you know and it 's a world championship and who is ultimately going to get the power who 's going to get put in checkmate and who 's going to be ruled out of the game	The whole thing is like a big chess game .	0
On the tree-shaded terrace beyond the basilica , relax on one of the benches and enjoy the splendid view looking out over the forested plateau of the Morvan .	The terrace which is beyond the basilica is shaded by trees .	0
On the other hand , some states have passed new laws that treat juvenile criminals as responsible adults .	Some states don 't care that you were a minor while committing a crime .	0
i have so i just carry my credit card and and for things like that	I have credit cards .	0
My hunch is that Oprah will win over even the cattlemen , eventually .	Oprah is very persuasive .	0
She probably ordered them online- fast track delivery .	She bought them at a garage sale .	2
Peril to the detective who says : ' It is so small , it does not matter .	It is not good if a detective ignores something for being small .	0
Jon envied that .	Jon was not envious .	2
i know we do that too you know and at the first year because i was from the city when we got married and the first year that we planted i couldn 't figure out i mean the well the first year after	I 've never lived in the city .	2
and that 's what i find lacking in a lot of you know like Home Alone there was a lot of the human character when he was home alone and he was trying to be tough and they s had a lot of human character there but when it was the real slapstick moments him versus the criminals kind of thing it just sort of lost the human element became purely a caricature	I found the slap stick scenes in Home Alone lacking in the area of human character so I stopped watching it .	1
Moriah , the high point at the northern end of the city .	Moriah it at the northern end of Greece .	1
yeah i think the the team i like rooting for the best which i don 't i don 't know if they really are the	The team I despise is the best .	2
oh you went to Ohio State oh you 're uh up in the Woody Hays country huh	I wouldn 't really want to go to Ohio State , I heard it 's a pretty tough school .	1
As you descend look for images of over 700 deities decorating the walls before reaching the chamber with its finely carved red sandstone sarcophagus ; a royal cartouche ( hieroglyphic name plate ) above the lintel heralds your arrival .	The entrance to the chamber is marked by a royal cartouche written in hieroglyphics .	0
just how can anything happen like this and the guys that did it were so ignorant they didn 't even remorse they didn 't they didn 't have any remorse for what they were doing but they were just so ignorant that one of them says well i didn 't realize that was because i was beating her in the head that she was really going to die on me you know it 's like although why did you do it she was screaming all i wanted to do was shut her up he he acted like he didn 't even think that this was going to kill her i the kids were really quite ignorant about it and it it was a tragedy on both sides but it just shocked the uh the state that something like this could happen	The men who commit domestic violence should be punished heavily .	1
It 's the difference between the lawyer and the dramatist , between the general and the particular .	There is a difference between the lawyer and the dramatist in the way they conduct themselves .	1
especially like when they have special singers and things and La Cage au Faux that was excellent	I didn 't like it there very much .	2
we had i didn 't get a lot no not like i expected um we had you know one or two that were extremely outspoken you know felt like it really violated their rights and and um and it was not the people that i would have expected um it 's uh one of them stands out in my mind as an extremely uh just a super person in management you know and he 's he 's very family oriented his family 's very close he he also opposes in the schools like for his kids because he says you know we are a good Christian family we do not do this type of thing it definitely violates our rights and he was very outspoken	We had maybe one or two who were very outspoken .	0
" He has no right to give such an order , " Don Cazar was beginning when the alcalde interrupted : " Compadre , for a man such as that your talk of rights means nothing .	Don Cazar was speaking with someone .	0
as far as you know what what is the duties of this political office and uh and what are the characteristics or what what are the issued statements and uh spoken goals of the uh candidates	What are the three specific jobs for this office , as well as the characteristics and goals ?	1
He died in New York shortly after leaving the island .	It was in New York that he died .	0
As we have reported , the United States faces a demographic tidal wave in the future that poses significant challenges for Social Security , Medicare , and our economy as a whole .	Upcoming shifts in demographics will chance the face of the SS , Medicare , and the economy .	0
It was immediately clear that Lott should not have said this .	Lott was spot-on .	2
At its height it supported a population of nearly 4,000 .	There are now 200 people living here .	1
It could go a long ways here , he decided .	It could go far here , he thought .	0
I 'll get Felix help me choose the menu .	I 'll ask Felix for help .	0
Exquisitely detailed dolls in ancient costumes representing the imperial couple and other aristocrats are displayed for good luck .	Dolls are hidden as they bring bad luck when displayed .	2
Mr. Thress ' complete model includes the price of First-Class cards , the price of Standard A , the workshare discount , three lags on these variables , permanent income , transitory income , user costs , certain dummy variables , and seasonal coefficients .	Mr. Thress ' complete model includes the price of First-Class cards .	0
What will Stark think of us and what will he do ?	Stark doesn 't have any thoughts and won 't do anything .	2
If the zinc story were an isolated anecdote , it would be merely amusing .	The zinc story is not , in fact , an isolated anecdote .	0
One doesn 't wish to stand silently by while others merrily exchange misinformation about Albania , the NYPD , and computer viruses .	It is best to ignore those who are sharing misinformation , whatever the topic may be .	2
I think neglecting to mention this shows that the Journal ' s editorial page lacks intellectual integrity .	Editorial page lacks intellectual integrity , because they neglect to mention this .	0
In accordance with the act , OSHA , either in the preamble or in the Final Economic Analysis submitted to our Office , gives the statutory authority for the action ; a summary of the costs and benefits , in both qualitative and quantitative terms ; and a discussion of the regulatory alternatives which OSHA considered .	OSHA gives authority to this action .	0
Mangrove forest .	A forest that 's mangrove .	0
To get to it , you must climb barefoot the hill is holy ground up 644 steps cut in the rock .	There are 644 steps that you must climb to get to it .	0
The subject was her legal work for the savings and loan at the center of the Whitewater scandal .	An employee was being questioned about her job .	0
He transforms himself from a vitriolic TV gas bag into a candidate for the presidency .	He is not a candidate for presidency .	2
However , the Committee has been made aware of concerns that LSC has attempted to impose its own reconfiguration plans on certain States without clearly articulating standards for such decisions .	The LSC thinks the Committee is doing a great job and has no comment .	2
At worst , the jocks are hurting Bradley by failing to comprehend and refute misrepresentations of his agenda .	The jocks made no attempts to comprehend the agenda .	1
Elderly and minority homeowners hold a disproportionate share of these higher-cost loans .	Those higher-cost loans have all been paid off , and there are no more holders .	2
I realized the significance of this .	I never understood why this mattered .	2
you know you can 't even buy a loaf of bread in this country	The bread market is flourishing there .	2
that was a good movie too	It was action packed and funny at times .	1
you say you in Denison oh okay so we were i was in Sherman um	I was in Sherman when you were in Denison .	0
A DOT official also indicated that the Department 's Research and Special Programs Administration had used a chat room arrangement during some of the agency 's rulemaking comment periods .	An official from DOT denied claims that a chat room had been used during some of the agency 's rulemaking .	2
I do shake hands , [ but ] I think it 's a terrible custom .	I do not shake hands .	2
yeah in fact we 've had the policy on just the random testing now for a couple years and uh	The random testing is a policy that has been around for a while .	0
Unfortunately , much of the temple lies in ruins .	The ruins have been preserved less than other temples ..	1
and i i remember that it was on into May before it really started warming up	I recall that it started warming up in May .	0
yeah you really do	Yeah , you really do like music .	1
A variety of changes at the individual , system , and policy level will be needed to accomplish this goal .	Nothing needs to happen for the goal to be achieved .	2
i 'm i 'm willing to pay for that for my children and i 'm willing to sacrifice i guess i mean i 'm not going to be the kind of person that 's going to grumble about the taxes even though we 're paying pretty high percentage um i feel like you get what you pay for and i want to be here and i i enjoy i enjoy living here in this country and having seen other countries i 'd much rather live here and pay taxes than live somewhere else and	I will not sacrifice for my children and I believe taxation is theft .	2
On an agency-specific basis as well , support from the Congress has proven to be critical in instituting and sustaining management reforms , such as those taking place at IRS , GSA , and elsewhere across the federal government .	The Congress has given critical support , especially in instituting management reforms , said the teacher .	1
Tina Brown--gone .	Tina Brown is gone for good .	0
But overworked engineers and sleepy dispatchers aren 't creative , they 're simply destructive .	Overworked engineers are still very safe .	2
The factual record before the Commission demonstrates that Congress ' purpose of providing meaningful representation to H-2A workers for claims arising under their employment contracts cannot be accomplished under the original interpretations offered in the Federal Register notice .	H-2A workers can not be helped when working issues come up because of the wording in the Federal Register notice . This allows employer to treat them unfairly with no recourse .	1
In contrast , fixed-priced contracts , except those subject to price adjustment , provide for a preestablished firm price , place maximum risk and full responsibility for all costs and resulting profit or loss on the contractor , and provide maximum incentive for the contractor to control costs and perform effectively .	Fixed-price contracts give contractors a big incentive to keep costs down and work efficiently .	0
The NRCS economic analysis is discussed in the preamble to the final rule .	The NRCS analysis takes up two pages in the final rule .	1
yeah right yeah yeah it was it we stopped watching for a couple of years in the middle there but we started watching again	We stopped watching for a couple years in the middle .	0
The fact that benchmarks exist means that there is a standard that all grantees must meet before they are funded by LSC .	Benchmarks create a standard that must be met for funding .	0
The most controversial part of Finkelstein 's book , though , is the last chapter , in which he sets out to explain why the Goldhagen book was such a big deal .	Finkelstein has never written a book of his own .	2
I 've heard that a girl always refuses you once a sort of convention . " Tommy caught his arm .	Tommy grabbed his arm forcefully .	1
The real complaint against developing countries is not that their exports are based on low wages and sweatshops .	The complaint against developed countries isn 't that their exports are based on low wages and sweatshops .	2
The new 68-county legal aid organization has yet to be named and stretches from El Paso to Corpus Christi , Harlingen to Austin .	There are no legal aid organizations in Texas .	2
After a meeting with Morris , I mentioned his new vocation to a	I met with MOrris .	0
to talk about well it was good talking to you um bye	I enjoyed our conversation , goodbye .	0
Followers of Islam in India are divided into two primary Sunnis ( adherents of the Sunna law expounded by Mohammed 's own words and deeds ) and Shiites ( followers of those interpretations proposed by Mohammed 's cousin Ali ) .	Sunnis and Shiites are two different types of Buddhists .	2
An understanding of courtroom procedure is vital before you try to represent yourself .	You need to know what is happening in the courtroom .	0
The road was largely destroyed in the Rising , but was restored by the end of the 1920s ( plans for a new restoration are under way ) .	The road was destroyed due to the Rising as there was a need to cut off supply lines .	1
Why am I so eager for the connection ?	Why am I so eager to be connected to my love ?	1
At the same time , requests for services from the foundation , which has the mission of providing free legal aid to poor people in order to make equal access to justice a reality , have increased as the economy has softened .	Poor people receive free legal aid from the foundation .	0
It has been tempting to see in Soutine 's flayed forms a premonition of things to come .	Soutine 's flayed forms are not enticing to the reader .	2
um which is kind of strange a lot of people don 't do that but hey we find that it works you know	It 's not strange at all ; most people do it even thought it does not work .	2
Suddenly a large and apparently intoxicated man barred their way .	From nowhere a huge , wasted white man blocked their way .	1
To hold costs down , the $ 24 billion program doesn 't cover kids who are currently insured .	Because costs are of no great concern , the program will cover kids who currently have insurance .	2
Afraid you might be late !	You nearly didn 't make it .	1
One was a skinny redhead .	They were all fat brunettes .	2
I observed some of these tendencies during the later stages of my almost 10-year tenure with the firm .	In almost 10 years at the firm , I didn 't notice anything like that .	2
The wrist supporters I ordered were black neoprene with a metal brace and a flexible magnetic band .	The material was black neoprene with a metal brace .	0
He observed that the first question of the SMAST ( Do you think you 're a normal drinker ?	People think they are normal drinkers .	1
At the bottom , turn left for the Artists ' Quarter , where you will find numerous artists ' studios and galleries .	Many of the galleries display traditional pottery .	1
Therefore , you 're the real jewel thief !	Because of these reasons , you stole the jewel .	0
Allowances may be auctioned before or during the year for which the allowances are issued , and auctions may be conducted one or more times during a year .	Allowances are not allowed to be auctioned .	2
Whether you 're talking about land , abortion , or environmental protection , you inevitably drift into the rhetoric of property .	Land , abortion , or environmental protection are popular topics of discussion .	1
Some of the most accessible can be found near the village of Tarabados , 8 km ( 13 miles ) north of Tinos Town .	Tarabados is south of Tinos Town .	2
Even then , he would worry about pro bono work and has done it most of his life .	He did not like the idea of doing pro bono work .	1
Tips for 1 ) Settle out of court ; 2 ) make her sign a prenuptial agreement ; 3 ) make her sign a postnuptial agreement ; 4 ) funnel your riches to off-limits , offshore accounts .	You should always settle in court .	2
The analysis for the New Disclosure Option rule also notes the difficulty of quantifying the costs and benefits of the rule .	The rule noted quantity and benefits with ease .	2
He motioned to Hanson .	He signaled away from Hanson	2
The TGV goes to Montbard , Dijon , and Beaune .	The TGV has only gone to 1 location .	2
According to those who know him , he has learned why newspapers are a public trust since his unfortunate cereal interview .	He learned that newspapers are a public trust after they made him look dishonest in an interview	1
oh yeah oh boy you 've really missed a	You should have seen it , it was amazing !	1
One way high-performing organizations can enhance employee involvement and gain agreement on an organization 's goals and strategies is by developing partnerships with employee unions .	One way high-performing organizations serve food all day long in their cafeterias .	1
Beauty-contest time like the Jesse Owens story but in heels and with virgins .	It 's sort of like the Jesse Owens story except with virgins in heels .	0
Clearly the Kennedys loathed Johnson , but they were as hypocritical as he was .	Johnson is loved by the Kennedys .	2
Don 't fall for it .	Go ahead and fall for it .	2
yeah yeah like Hal yeah	Yeah , like Hal .	0
Experience has shown that when these elements are in place , lasting management reforms are more likely to be implemented that ultimately lead to improvements in the performance and cost-efficiency of government .	They had evidence to proof it was not valid .	2
yes i thought that was a very good movie	I thought it was a terrible film .	2
uh-huh uh-huh i 'm kind of at the other extreme i have a nine month old and one that will be born in October	Your kids are getting ready to leave home , but my family is just getting started with kids .	1
Golf in Madeira is a year-round sport ; the island has 45 holes of championship golf divided between two courses , both esteemed for their scenic beauty .	Golf can be played at any time of the year in Madeira .	0
Even after the fighting stopped more than a decade later , the country was not stable .	The war fundamentally altered the country 's economy .	1
All the doors had been bolted on the inside .	The doors were left open .	2
A brown leather breastplate covered his chest and a pair of swords sat on each side of his hips with two more crossing his back .	He was preparing to enter a long battle .	1
and so um yeah uh yeah i guess i usually do i like to cook um heavy sauces and um	I generally like to prepare heavy sauces .	0
Wool and goat hair have always been used to produce material , clothing , and interesting rugs , carpets , and throws .	Wool and goat hair are traditional materials for producing fiber goods .	0
First-Novel Roundup : Time and the Wall Street Journal award measured praise to Lives of the Monster Dogs , by Kirsten Bakis ( Farrar , Straus and Giroux ) , and Fugitive Pieces , by Anne Michaels ( Knopf ) .	The books were judged only by Time .	2
It has been a very productive twelve months , not without its stresses and disappointments .	It was a very stressful , unproductive and disappointing year .	2
you know it 's tough to to work everything in that you want to accomplish and i have a lot of other interests	Through better time management I should be able to accomplish everything .	1
If both the dealer 's hands win , you lose .	You win if both your hand 's win .	1
Do you remember ? " Tommy chuckled .	Tommy thought that the phrase Do you remember was quite a funny phrase ?	1
Fair value information is evolving but improvements in reliability are needed .	Information value is evolving but it needs to be more reliable	0
The proposals include abstinence education , school vouchers for poor kids , faith-based drug-rehabilitation programs , and a $ 500 tax credit for anyone who does 10 hours of volunteer work for the poor during the year .	The school will hvae abstinence education next year .	1
no and i i still really don 't do that much as you say play games on it	I use it mostly for other things but not games .	1
As you 'll see , this modest boulevard is where the local youngsters get together to decide how to spend the evening .	Local youth avoid this derelict boulevard like the plague .	2
Edinburgh became known as the Athens of the North for both its aesthetic beauty and its wealth of talented individuals .	There are many talented people in Edinburgh .	0
and i thought yeah no kidding	I thought no way	2
Cabourg is the most stately of the old Channel resorts .	Cabourg was the first resort to be abandoned .	2
It 's hedonistic and funky , and tolerant of alternative lifestyles .	It 's tolerant of all lifestyles .	0
William Bennett chastised Democrats for investigating Bush 's past after years of protecting Clinton 's .	Years of protecting Clinton 's changed their mind about Bush .	1
that amazing oh really	You found this to be amazing as well .	1
GAO has requested funding to improve compensation comparability with the executive branch , strengthen performance reward and recognition programs , reengineer our performance appraisal system , and increase our staff productivity through training and development as well as new information technology resources .	GAO has reported that they have many leftover funds at the end of the year .	2
'Oh , shit . ' 	Oh , no .	0
I never took the salt near it . "	At no point did I take the salt near it .	0
A number of companies will offer an evening of Scottish dancing along with an addressing the haggis ceremony traditionally performed on Burns Night , the birthday of the poet who wrote an ode to this favorite Scottish dish .	A lot of companies will replicate Scottish traditions for tourists in the summer .	1
Meanwhile , on the other side of the ledger , there 's another reason for the cost of legal copies to drop .	The ledger has only one side with information .	2
uh-huh are you a Christian you must be to know new age	it 's impossible to truly understand new age ideas if you 're a Christian	2
Don 't be disappointed by this grey industrial town , for it manufactures some of Spain 's most popular they are peladillas , Marcona almonds coated with sugar .	The town also manufactures sugar-coated peanuts .	1
you know one i was what reading some place that the brake fluid you put brake fluid normally comes in just small little pint containers	Brake fluid is only in gallon jugs .	2
Back in ' 62 when th ' Rebs came poundin ' in here , they spoke soft an ' nice to Don Cazar .	The Rebs were not rude when talking to Don Cazar .	0
Just a hunch .	It was a concrete fact .	2
Somehow , living up to his standards didn 't seem so important anymore .	His standards were not important any longer .	0
However , most of the studies examined by Ito and Thurston only controlled for PM10 or broader measures of particles and did not directly control for PM2 .	Some of the studies controlled for PM2 .	1
As communications director for the courts , Mr. Bookstaver ordinarily has the duty of spreading such news across the state .	Mr.Bookstaver enjoys sharing news across the state .	1
Some studies collect data from a small number of sites but have no other features in common with case studies and offer none of their advantages .	The studies that collect small samples of data are not very helpful .	1
did you ever try that	Did I do that ?	2
For ease of discussion , they will be referenced in the text in cents per piece .	The text will use dollars per thousand to reference them .	2
i think i know what you 're talking is it like a hand held thing yeah okay	I don 't know what you 're talking about	2
uh-huh my husband did one last night and he just loved it he 's been getting he got a real good topic	My husband does not like the topic .	2
Good morning . The servant volunteered her first remark : " I thought perhaps as you 'd come about the gas , " she observed cryptically , and shut the door .	The servant kept the door open	2
It was built right over St. Peter 's tomb and reserved exclusively for the pope 's mass .	The building was constructed atop St Peter 's tomb and only the pope 's personal mass was allowed to use it .	1
In Paris Friday , Le Monde ' s main story was that the French are the drunkest people in Europe , with 2 million of them dependent on alcohol .	The French people are the most drunk people in Europe , followed by the British .	1
he is eventually	After a time he will never .	2
The present contention is that Mrs. Inglethorp died of strychnine poisoning , presumably administered in her coffee . "	They say that Mrs Inglethorp died from being shot .	2
everybody in the country like i i lived in Denmark for a couple of years	I 've never been to Denmark .	2
A rock inscription from Emperor Ashoka indicates that Delhi was a major point on the trade route between the northwest frontier and Bengal in the third century b.c.	Emperor Ashoka ruled the city of Delhi for 35 years .	1
The Vikings also introduced coinage and better ship-building techniques .	Ship-building was one of the areas where the Vikings brought about improvements .	0
The interior is almost completely covered in Iznik tiles of the finest period , with floral and geometric designs in blue , turquoise , and coral red .	Geometric and floral designs occupy the tiles in the interior , colored in shades of coral red , blue and turquoise .	0
This was the case in connection with Enron and certain other business failures .	This was the case in connection with Scooby-Doo	1
Ca 'daan followed the trail north from Fena Dim .	Ca 'daan followed north , heading into colder temperatures as he rode .	1
Built by the shogun in the 17th century for an abdicated emperor , Shugakuin is in fact three villas , each with airy teahouses in the gardens .	Shugakuin was built in 1645 .	1
Fines the same for beating a dog in county	Penalties are the same for hitting a dog .	0
She swayed a moment , staring at him .	She was looking down at her own feet .	2
I 'd made my plan whilst I was waiting for her .	I came up with a plan while I waited for her .	0
It is expected that one FGD system requires about 27 months of total effort for planning , engineering , installation and startup .	It can take more than 27 months to get the systems going .	1
Most visitors still focus on the charming capital , Lisbon , and the alluring sunny beaches of the Algarve , but there 's much more to Portugal .	Most visitors go to Lisbon .	0
If you believe that the trust fund is an accounting fiction ( the government borrowing from itself , paying itself interest , and writing checks that are government commitments irrespective of the fund ) , then the transaction is a total wash .	The trust fund may not be fiction .	2
My aunt baked it this afternoon for my return .	My aunt said she would not see me when I returned .	2
these many columns and articles on the subject .	These songs on love .	2
The majority of opinion leaders in emergency medicine reflect the current belief that alcohol problems are outside their practice	Every leader in emergency medicine knows that they are the sort out experts on alcohol problems .	2
The two sets of estimates depicted in this table reflect alternative assumptions and analytical approaches regarding quantifying and evaluating the effects of airborne particles on public health .	Some of the estimates shown in the table reflect other assumptions and analytical approaches .	0
Upper Egypt was the heartland of the Kingdom at the peak of its power and influence , and the remains of its ancient cities form one of the most important and breathtaking archaeological collections in the world .	There are remains of ancient cities in Upper Egypt .	0
I would have preferred to work in the dark just for the present , but what you say is very just ” the word of a Belgian policeman , whose day is past , is not enough !	I absolutely disliked the idea of working in the dark .	2
but not in the summer	It should work this Fall .	1
um regarding health care it 's funny because i have a sister who lives in Europe and in Europe that 's the way it is health care is just	Europe works the way it does because of their health care policies , specially with old people	1
Following Khephren 'sdeaththe body oftheSphinxwaslost under the desert sands that sweptthe areaandTutmosis	The area suffered sand storms that buried the body of the great Sphinx .	0
This will take you through the town of Brampton and on to the village of Greenhead .	The town of Brampton is through there .	0
um the most yeah yeah a lot of the data entr y stuff they used uh survey system and and um you know just in-house programs to do what they needed i work	The survey systems are efficient .	1
Reno has apparently construed this ambiguous provision in the only way one sensibly can .	Reno construed an ambiguous provision in the most sensible way possible .	0
yeah right and uh you know they we you know we go to the park or we go in the backyard and sit down and	we never use the backyard because we go to the park	2
and uh you know you there 's a uh a nice warm feeling i remember getting out of doing things like that when i was younger i mean i was a Boy Scout and the whole bit and	There 's a nice feeling I get when I do evil things .	2
We were all together the whole time . " Poirot shook his head .	We got separated from the beginning .	2
For example , if the analysis indicated that the maximum feasible level for 1998 was at or closer to one of the lower prior year standards than it was to the 1997 standard , prescribing that lower standard would not necessarily be impermissible .	if the analysis indicated that the maximum level was lower prior to last years standards prescribing that lower standard would be impermissible .	2
There must be that between them , she thought .	She did not consider that there might be something between them .	2
The management of human capital has gained recognition as a significant part of internal control .	Human capital gets is unimportant in internal control .	2
it 's like a mystery uh theater uh that you you know you eat dinner and all through dinner they 're they 're doing this act and they they get supposedly get the audience involved in it and everything and that that sounds like that would be hilarious you know	they ask audience members to come on stage	1
This one 's name was Popeye , and he was a gelding .	This one 's name was Popeye , after the children 's cartoon .	1
The recent Internet Explorer was just that .	Internet explorer wasn 't that .	2
The TRI 's basic purpose is to inform the public of chemical hazards in their areas which in turn permits communities to respond to chemical spills and other emergencies .	The TRI 's basic function is to notify the public of any natural disasters that are expected to occur within a given time frame .	2
But lawyers who have appeared before her say that they appreciate her intelligent interpretation of the law .	She has been studying the law for 5 years .	1
Unforgettable memories , I 'd say . ' 	The memories are from long ago	1
Just as drunken drivers convicted of manslaughter are forced to recount their sins to high schoolers , Clinton could probably give a superb heart-to-heart speech on the perils of infidelity .	Bill Clinton cheated on his wife , Hillary Clinton , which broke her heart .	1
By Gallant 's own admission in the introduction , she composes with an eye to craft , not the deeper heart of a story .	Gallant did not write an introduction .	2
As Yoda himself puts it , in another context , See through you we can .	Yoda said he could see through you .	0
you know let them have it from one end to the other vehemently but uh it has quieted down but i don 't think they probably feel any differently and some some of them did quit the company	You really yelled at them when they came in .	1
right i did start a college fund i 'm not uh i have one again at UT down there now her first year and she 's almost gone through her whole college fund you know	I have one hundred thousand dollars in my fund saved up .	1
synthetic seawater spiked with KCl .	ocean water has 50ml KCI in it .	1
He said , " Where are the youngsters ? My son isn 't in his room . "	His son had left the room long before .	1
Start your exploration from Asakusa Station , on the Ginza subway line ( Tokyo 's first subway ) .	It is Tokyo.s first subway	1
They fade away , but I think [ Carter ] had more influence after his presidency .	After his presidency , he had more influential power .	0
The State or local regulatory agency then reviews the application and issues a draft approval .	Only state agencies reviews approvals	2
Iasked Ronald Krauss--a doctor who , as the immediate past chairman of the American Heart Association 's nutrition committee , helped write that statement--whether it was aggressive enough .	Ronald Krauss is a doctor who once held the position of chairman of the American Heart Association 's nutrition committee .	0
8 as an assessment of the results of a program compared to its intended purpose .	The results have been assessed against the original , intended purpose .	0
oh yeah yes uh and then then that gets into a vicious circle	It is not a problem ,	2
'Like the cheapest whore I 've ever met , ' Derry said .	The wine is like the cheapest whore Derry every met .	1
Mir 's life span has been extended well past what it was designed for , as Russia cannot afford a replacement .	Russia can 't afford the $ 200million to replace Mir .	1
1 The existing program establishes a cap on SO2 emissions to ensure that the environmental goal is met , and employs an innovative market-based allowance trading program to achieve the goal at lowest cost .	There is a cap on SO2 .	0
The peninsula may be on the take , but it still believes in hard work .	The peninsula is currently on the take , having faith in hard work .	0
The Administrator shall implement this subsection under 40 CFR part 75 ( 2001 ) , amended as appropriate by the Administrator .	The Administrator shall have no input as to whether or not this subsection shall be amended .	2
I left the sickbeds with no money and half the weight I once had .	After leaving the sickbeds , I was broke and skinnier than before .	0
They should be worried about the truth and concerned about the truth , and that was Salon ' s guiding principle here .	Salon always told the truth because he was concerned about his legacy .	1
A table of contents referenced to both page and paragraph numbers follows the summary .	The table of contents references both page and paragraph numbers .	1
The models described here require estimates of either the lines of code or number of function points that the new system will include .	The models don 't require any estimates .	2
and just as soon as i get it paid off i 'll probably get laid off	I will probably get laid off soon after i pay off my college loans .	1
you lost your business oh God what a nightmare	The business wasn 't lost in any form and I 'm happy you didn 't have to deal with that .	2
They were still thinking in terms of a controlled world , a world where money moved where and when the authorities told it to move .	They were considering a controlled world .	0
In its defense , the Guggenheim points out that there are only six BMW bikes , fewer than the number of Hondas or Harleys .	There are more Hondas and Harleys than BMW bikes in the Guggenheim .	0
It seemed to remove the menace of Mr. Brown farther away .	They couldn 't help but wonder if it would 've been better to keep Mr. Brown close .	1
The countryside of Ibiza , with its gentle green hills and grid of back roads , is perfectly suited to horseback riding .	Ibiza 's countryside doesn 't lend itself to horseback riding .	2
they really have a good campaign for the young people you know they know it 's not smart so	There is a solid campaign for the younger generation .	0
oh absolutely when i you know when you talk about the deal like i got yeah yeah it would be cheaper uh especially if it were a paid move or something you know there 's some paid moves occasionally	Did you have to pay for it this time ?	1
it did yeah it was like you know that what was it two steps forward one step back	It made a lot of progress and everything went well .	2
No , I don 't think so .	Yes , I definitely know that 's the case .	2
yeah sometimes it can be	Occasionally that 's how it is .	0
pretty good guess huh-uh	You took a good guess .	0
I know my fe llow judges want to do justice and not inflict injustice , observed Justice Earl Johnson of the California Court of Appeal , who chaired the committee that researched and wrote the report .	Some judges enjoy playing golf when they are not working .	1
The ' sinews of war , '	The ' muscles and sinews of war'	1
I 've often seen her wear it . " Julius drew a deep breath .	It was her favorite item to wear .	1
He 's got one manada all of grullas .	He has zero manada 's .	2
While the branches are largely noncompeting , some will be closed , and about 15,000 jobs are expected to be eliminated .	About 15,000 are expected to be eliminated , because some branches will be closed .	0
If his luck holds ( as it doesn 't for most day traders ) , he could net $ 85,000 this year .	He is the luckiest day trader out there .	1
EPA notes that it has taken steps to reduce the administrative burden as much as possible and in the final rule estimates that the burden for the collection of information under all eight ICRs would average 6,900 hours annually for a typical manufacturer .	EPA engaged in efforts to lessen the administrative load and estimate the load for eight ICRs is around 6,900 hours yearly for a normal manufacturer .	0
Another cut and the third man 's intestines splashed to the ground .	After he fell , his horse ran away .	1
One possibility would be to allow a portion of any profit to be used for performance bonuses to management , but there would be reason for concern if high and persistent profits resulted .	None of the profits should be used as bonuses .	2
Pearse read out a Declaration of Independence from the General Post Office on O 'Connell Street .	There was no better place for Pearse to read the Declaration of Independence than from the General Post Office .	1
Beatrix Potter spent many happy holidays here as a child with her parents , who were friends of Rochdale .	All friends of Rochdale enjoy relaxing here .	1
Reporters rely on neighbors to flesh out the characters of killers , but what , really , do neighbors know ?	Reporters know that neighbors know little about killers ' details , and hence don 't bother asking them .	2
He and his wife , Connie Koch , own the Jose Bravo Coffee Co . , which buys and markets part of the 40,000 pounds of environmentally friendly coffee the farm produces each year .	The farm produces environmentally friendly coffee and cotton .	1
i mean even the dollar it wasn 't even worth a dollar	I would have paid ten dollars for it .	2
The law specifically states that records generated by emergency and trauma physicians are not covered because their primary function is not to provide substance abuse counseling .	Trauma physicians aren 't covered because they don 't primarily provide counseling for substance abuse .	0
There 's even a small museum on the premises .	The premises does not have a museum .	2
and so when we got there the water that we were supposed to drink wasn 't potable like well you couldn 't drink it	When we got there the water we were supposed to drink wasn 't drinkable .	0
When I shed it , I was myself , quiet , unobtrusive , a man like every other man .	Before taking it off , I had been a superior man .	1
We 're your friends , Mr. Franklin .	We are not your friends , Mr. Franklin .	2
The solution usually proposed is Either get the state out of the business altogether or invent some ironclad process for distributing the money using strictly artistic criteria .	The fix put forward is to make the state out of business completely or come up with a perfect mechanism for giving out the money .	0
you know be at the end of their rope you know and be looking for uh uh a salvation in the sense or looking for a uh saving grace you know i	Some people are looking for a saving grace from the church .	1
The group found enough uninjured horses to mount .	Unfortunately , all of the horses were injured and unable to be ridden .	2
um-hum right yeah i understand that	Can you repeat that please ? I did not understand it .	2
yeah really is they 've cleaned it up a lot though i mean i don 't think we 'll get in trouble doing that	Doing that is not safe , but it won 't get us in trouble .	1
Which of the two is my bird ? " Tommy had thought out this question .	Tommy asked which bird was his .	0
have you seen that that that 's a good i think that 's just a cute real cute movie	I think that is a really sweet movie .	0
As a result , the agencies ' participation vehicles varied substantially .	The agencies participation vehicles were very different	0
Across the three doorways of the west front , the 28 statues of the Galerie des Rois represent the kings of Judah .	There were never any real kings of Judah outside of works of fiction .	2
At the east end of the Louvre is the Cour Carr ? ? e , covering the original fortress built by Philippe Auguste in 1190 to protect Paris from river attack while he was away on a crusade .	The fortress was built by Napoleon and served as his personal residence .	2
A day after that , he disappeared , or rather ceased to be visible .	He disappeared the next day .	0
you know you you you 're going to have to start with the kids who are in school that are in when school and you 're going to have to teach it well not like i was in school and do two weeks on it in a math class and that 's all you ever hear about it you know they 're going to have to start with the little ones and teach it right now and then when you know those little ones are our age you know that 's what they 're going to know and that 's what they 're going to use there 's no way you 're going to get you know most of the United States adult population to automatically relearn and switch	The children will learn this new method in school , but it will be difficult to get the adult population of the US to learn it .	0
Many of its timbered and gabled houses date back to the 14th and 15th centuries , particularly in the Place de l 'H ? ? tel-de-Ville and the Rue du Poids-du-Roy .	The timbered and gabled houses were built before the 18th century .	0
Ancient Greek Drama	Ancient Greek drama .	0
The railroad needed a way station , and Las Vegas was the place .	Las vegas did not seem like a good place to put a way station .	2
This may account for a cool reserve , almost aloofness , that some read even into the architecture of the tall houses in the straight and narrow streets behind the port .	The houses were built this way due to the high population and limited land availability .	1
'Wait , ' I started to protest , ' Maybe you shouldn 't just-'	I was scared and felt the need to say something .	1
Never mind .	Please remember .	2
but there 's so many more people exactly that you don 't even and that you don 't even see or know about	You eventually learn about those people of whom you previously weren 't aware .	1
we wound up getting uh getting rid of the mom selling the puppy and just keeping the dad because dad was the favorite one anyway	We liked the mother the best .	2
Stardom can be addictive .	Stardom is addictive and amazing .	1
The WP reports that the implementation of various energy-efficient measures has saved taxpayers nearly $ 1 .	The taxpayers saved only a dollar .	0
we still there 's still there 's there 's still too many Kennedys and and Udalls all up there	There are no longer Kennedys and Udalls involved .	2
That , in turn , would depend on his status , not his absolute standard of living .	His status will impact where he moves .	1
The Commission indicates that it gave full consideration to the comments filed by all interested parties and , in certain instances , decided to adjust the Schedule of Regulatory Fees because of these comments .	The Commission says it gave full consideration to all the comments .	0
Then he was back with them again .	He left them once again .	2
The square has a pretty flower market , and you know you 're approaching the south of France when you see your first serious games of boules here .	There is a pretty flower market in the square .	0
On the morning of his death , he left his bed and insisted on going out to help his neighbor plant daffodils .	He was utterly bed ridden until his death .	2
dwelling the while on the pleasurable anticipation of startling Tuppence .	Considering jumping out to scare Tuppence .	1
Here 's what Clinton actually My position would be that their cases should be handled like others , they should go through--there 's a regular process for that , and I have regular meetings on that , and I review those cases as they come up after there 's an evaluation done by the Justice Department .	It is my position the courts should be disbanded so everyone can commit crimes .	2
Git some more good-lookin ' an ' actin ' wild ones an ' you 're in business runnin ' your Spur R brand .	The good looking ones always generate more profit .	1
( Curriculum Vitae , the memoir she published a few years ago , politely fends off the curious . )	There is a section of her biography with a form inviting further questions .	2
This debt burden , coupled with the famously low salaries in the legal services community , dramatically reduces the ability of our grantees to attract and retain high quality new lawyers .	Lawyers are paid less than doctors and dentists .	1
that sounds exciting	That seems exhilarating .	0
By providing research services , mentors and continuing education - all the things they 'd have if they worked in big law firms - storefront lawyers could make a living charging affordable legal rates , Bryan theorized .	Lawyers can 't be affordable , they could never live .	2
I can do nothing without Mr. Brown .	I don 't need Mr. Brown at all .	2
The few dozen islands and rocks are widely scattered along the great curving chain of the Lesser Antilles .	The great curving chain of the Lesser Antilles has no surrounding islands .	2
so what kind of a house do you expect to buy when you do buy	Why kind of house do you think you 'll buy ?	0
yeah they can	certainly they can 't	2
" A mite cold , ain 't it ? " Anse demanded from the bank as Drew splashed vigorously to offset the chill .	Drew was cold while Anse talked to him from the bank .	0
If the Service has any such proposals on the drawing board , it ought to send them over .	The service is withholding their ideas .	1
I should be moving on soon , I decided .	I got scared and decided it was time to move on .	1
More important than a precise cost estimate of the transition , however , is the recognition that there will be short-term transition costs and that these costs need to be made transparent .	The recognition that there will be transparent short-term transition costs is more important than a precise cost estimate of the transition , said the businessman .	1
The cruise port , or Montego Bay Freeport , sits on an outcrop on the west side of the bay .	The port resides on a rock formation on the western side of the bay .	0
Julius was speaking .	Julius was listening to his friend speak .	2
i mean that 's all you need for like for like bullet charts and stuff you don 't need them in four colors	Three colors is good enough for this project .	1
What do you mean ?	Why are you asking ?	2
The gangsters , the militiamen , the porn actors , the over-the-top football fans--they 're all fascinating , but I don 't think that any of them says very much about most of us .	Porn stars are fascinating .	0
well you i don 't know no i can 't no and they probably used to have it i just finished a a major research paper a couple of weeks ago and i couldn 't imagine not having that thing on a disk where i could go back in and move stuff around and change it i	My research project was submitted to a competition .	1
There was a slight movement .	Nothing budged at all .	2
But what he means by what he shows is anybody 's guess .	It 's a mystery what he means by what he 's showing .	0
According to Wolf she embodies the nascent sexuality that pubescent girls are trained to fear and loathe , so we turn her into a scapegoat .	Wolf is not a scapegoat .	2
Pick a great basketball role model , put him on a pedestal , and let the financial chips fall where they may .	Michael Jordan was a huge factor in the increase in revenue of that shoe company .	1
Dr. Richards , can you write a prescription for the tabloids ?	The doctor prescribed the journalist Xanax .	2
Adrin , Susan , and I will visit the village again and keep watch here .	They were going to the village to meet their friends .	1
So such a bandido as this Kitchell , he could take horses , good , trained horses maybe from the army and he would run them south .	In the south he could sell the horses for a good profit .	1
The plagues were gone .	Now the plague has returned once more .	2
Some low-income persons who seek assistance at LSC programs need only legal information , guidance with self-representation or a referral to an organization more appropriate to their needs .	Low income people are needy and lazy and utilize the LSC programs .	1
Oh , sure .	He hadn 't been listening .	1
Improved cost studies would result .	The end result would be improvements to cost studies .	0
His face , again , was not unknown to the watcher , though he could not for the moment put a name to it .	The watcher recognized his face , but could not recall his name right then .	0
yeah you guys sure want to be out of range	You guys sure want to be within range .	2
no see i was i 've been working for TI for almost eight years	I have been with TI for almost eight years .	0
Its Carrera marble facade is incised with intricate carvings of traditional Islamic themes .	The carvings about traditional Islamic themes in its marble exterior are beautiful .	1
oh really i dated uh i dated a nice Jewish girl for many years up in Chicago and i was the only Goyim at at all the you know Seder dinners and everything and i used to have to go with rolls of not pocketful of change to buy all this bread the kids would sell me	I once dated a nice Jewish girl for a while .	0
yeah that well it it it just puts a damper on things for a little while but we 're we 're starting to get everybody back together yeah we 'd like to do a float trip down uh oh like Big Bend area or something like that	A float trip with everybody doesn 't really sound that fun .	2
uh from Los Angeles but i live in Raleigh North Carolina right now that 's where i 'm speaking to you from	i 'm currently in North Carolina but I was born in Los Angeles	0
Don 't ruin the evening , Jonofi .	Jonofi please try you best to ruin this evening .	2
So long as they did not turn round … all was well .	If they turned around ... all was lost .	0
You disagree ? asked Jon .	Jon asked if you disagreed with him .	0
Pro bono attorneys are a valuable asset for low-income people who have legal problems .	Pro bono attorneys only offer their services to the wealthy .	2
Had Stross written his book next year , he would have had a whole new story how Microsoft was or was not able to translate its dominance in personal computers to the Internet .	Stross wrote a book about Microsoft .	0
so that they cut that out so they they couldn 't have a lien on his house anymore so he did away with that and then he went to the bank because the bank gave him apparently some extra credit because they had that lien well s ince they didn 't have the lien anymore they couldn 't have the credit from the bank so that that got the firm in hot water	They couldn 't put a lien on his house because it was also in his wife 's name .	1
Montepulciano ( famous for its superb Vino Nobile di Montepulciano ) , perched some 610 m ( 2,000 ft ) above sea level , is known as the Pearl of the 16th Century .	Some people call Montepulciano by other nicknames besides the Pearl of the 16th Century .	1
yeah maybe	maybe , as long as	1
The president may also be a true believer in government by lawsuit .	The president does not believe that judicial review should apply to the executive or legislative branches .	2
Injury in the role of alcohol and other drugs-an EAST position paper prepared by the Injury Control and Violence Prevention Committee .	The east paper does not mention drugs or alcohol	2
A monotonic series is one whose every term is greater than ( less than ) or equal to the previous term .	A monotonic series has terms that increase each time .	0
um well i 'm hoping that it 'll be a little bit of diversion for the kids and a little bit of a	I hope the children will be distracted so that I can get work done .	1
" Can 't someone pick him off with a rifle ? "	Can 't someone shoot him with an assault rifle ?	1
The blade hit the demon in the back .	The blade flew threw the air , missing the demon .	2
Performance Art	Art is a stationary medium , never performed .	2
got to be got to be part of the action here	want to be involved in the excitement	0
South of the baths begins the Old Appian Way ( Via Appia Antica ) , built in 312 b.c. for the Roman legions who marched to coastal Brindisi to set sail for the Levant and North Africa .	The Romans set sail for North Africa because they wanted to explore new lands .	1
Israel 's best accommodation option , according to many travellers , and usually the first stopping place for visiting heads of state .	It is the best hotel in Israel , as voted by Fodors .	1
but they never told us why these two people hated themselves or if one had done something to you know really aggravate the other there was never any motive	The motives for their hatred were explained to us .	2
No one of course !	No one but me .	1
you took my favorite program off the air and do you do you think it 'll ever be back and they said no we don 't think it will be well that was channel eleven and now it 's on channel four	My favorite show is no longer on the air and was told it won 't be back , however it is now on channel four .	0
uh thing but uh when i 'm exercising regularly i i feel the need to to do more exercise	I feel the need to do even more exercises when I am exercising regularly .	0
Audiovisual shows are presented in the hospital complex .	The hospital presents audiovisual shows .	0
Program staff from the Office of Information Management reviewed Case Service Reports ( CSR ) for 1991 through 2000 to discern trends in the types and numbers of cases closed by grantees .	The OIM reviewed the reports to find trends in the types and numbers of probono cases .	1
The Heartbeats , a decent R & amp ; B cover band in cowboy hats .	The heartbeats cover r and b songs	0
They don 't want to part with you , I 'm sure . " Cynthia hesitated a moment , plucking up the grass with her tiny hands .	Cynthia plucked up the grass .	0
Best known , perhaps is Mother Redcap 's in Back Lane ( opposite Christ Church Cathedral ) .	Mother Redcap 's is the best known to most people to shop .	1
The less time they have to mature their plans the better .	The best course of action is to give them plenty of time to plan .	2
PRESENT VALUE ( PV ) - The value of future cash flows discounted to the present at a certain interest rate ( such as the reporting entity 's cost of capital ) , assuming compound interest .	Future cash flows discounted to the present at an appropriate interest rate are present values .	0
It was also the product of a coherent strategy for creating a more flexible , lower-cost workforce , a strategy that only worked because Cat was willing to endure a long strike and reduced profits ( at least $ 100 million in 1991-1992 ) in order to get what it wanted .	Cat endured reduced profits to get what it wanted .	0
provides specific new authority to the Commission to eliminate unnecessary regulations and functions , and among other things , authorizes the use of private organizations for testing and certifying the compliance of devices with regulations promulgated by the FCC .	Authorizes private organizations to have access to the blueprints of some devices .	1
you know two liter SI with the the sun roof and the moon roof and i i bought it loaded	The car I got has a sun roof and is really nice .	0
that 's what i would do too	If I were you , I would do that too .	1
That new information is now reflected in the remainder of the piece . )	There is no such new information available .	2
I know that Fieldstone is interested in finding a workable resolution , said Adam Bass , a lawyer for the company , adding that he can 't comment on the details of the Ledford loan .	Fieldstone has no interest in finding a workable resolution .	2
but um we are we are apparently i 'm i 'm fairly new to Rochester i 've only been here a couple a few years and we are supposedly Rochester public schools are are one of the model the city schools are some of the models for the rest of the country	Rochester public schools are models for most of the country .	0
yeah that sounds familiar	That sounds familiar to me .	0
That is true of Cabinet secretaries as well as of taxi drivers .	Cabinet secretaries and taxi drivers have absolutely nothing in common .	2
For 35 years , Big Tobacco never gave an inch .	Big Tobacco stood its ground by outspending its opponents on every level .	1
excuse me Verna for just a second can you hang on just a second okay	Verna can you hang on just one second please .	0
Far back he saw a flash of black steel surrounded by the screams and howls of the demontouched Sticks .	For a ways back he was able to see and hear the demonized Sticks .	0
'Please , if you 'll just let me pass ... I 'm very tired ... '	I didn 't want to see people anymore and just wanted to leave .	1
They shared tales and laughed .	The cried as they shared tales .	2
But the expansion of the Secret Service has normalized a paramilitary presidency .	The Secret Service has greatly expanded since 1960 .	1
In short , the status quo prevails .	The status quo failed .	2
Fearing that overdevelopment , as well as new trends and tastes in international tourism , would leave the Balearics behind , authorities have moved to protect remaining undeveloped areas as nature preserves , proclaiming them off-limits to all construction , and have even blown up some of the more unsightly hotel blemishes on the coasts .	Overdevelopment could hurt the Balearics .	0
they might even have i know uh with a niece and nephew of mine they 're school was uh like uh church school and they even had things where they would have them go to shelters downtown and help for a day	My niece and nephew went to a school that volunteered at downtown shelters .	0
Other attractions of Picardy 's capital include the canalside Saint-Leu quarter , the Hortillonages ' an area of water gardens east of the cathedral that is only accessible by punt or on foot , and the Musee de Picardie ( 48 Rue de la R ? ? publique ) with its good collection of paintings , most notably a couple of Van Goyen landscapes , El Greco 's Portrait of a Man , a witty self-portrait of Quentin de La Tour , and Francois Boucher 's erotic pink nymphs .	You can see the water gardens near the cathedral .	0
Each practice area contains information for attorneys to learn about that area of law so they can get training or support ...	The help that attorneys are offered comes in the form of a personal mentor .	1
that 's right it uh it probably was a lot warmer up high sometimes they get those inversions like when we had that twelve and a half days a few years ago that it never got up as high as freezing the air temperature at five thousand feet was fifty degrees	It was so cold that I got frost bite .	2
Peninsular Malaysia and northwest Borneo remained under the British , but their influence was limited .	Malaysia and Borneo are still under British rule .	2
but uh i haven 't seen one yet either but supposedly they have some real wood built in to like the clutch and all this and the steering wheel so it 's it 's very authentic and there only is supposed to be limited edition so it may be may be a good investment	Having wood built into the clutch is a classy thing .	1
Two adjoining chapels , Capilla del Obis ? ­ po ( Bishop 's chapel ) and Capilla de San Isidro , the first Gothic and the second Baroque , are also worth a look .	The two adjoining chapels are done in the same architectural style .	2
As a result of this greater level of program activity , there is an accelerated penetration of energy-efficient technologies that drives electricity sales down by 6.8 percent in 2010 ( compared to the CEF reference case for that same year ) .	New technologies will continue to drive the cost of electricity generation down .	1
have no hope for solutions but um i do keep myself somewhat abreast of the issue i have worked with uh uh a little bit with refugees from Southeast Asia uh who 've come over um you know to escape the genocide programs that are over there and seen you know heard about some of the problems that they 've had and i 'm also fairly sensitive to the issues about how open should the borders be because i in general like a smaller rather than a larger population to the land area and um	I don 't work and I don 't like to stay informed about any different issues .	2
wow that 's quite a range	That is a big range .	0
There was little more evidence .	The evidence was collected in the proper manner .	1
At home , in addition to traditional textiles , industry was expanding fast in metallurgy , chemicals , and machinery .	The industry was able to develop due to the incorporation of brand new technology .	1
On the third pass , recalling Proust 's admonition to one of his correspondents that if he 'd only had time he would have written a shorter letter , I managed to cut another 200 pages .	I read every page of the Proust 's novel .	2
or or what and it i was so proud of them when i got them finished	When I finished these four pieces , I felt a sense of pride .	1
Excluded from the definition of land are the natural resources ( that is , depletable resources such as mineral deposits and petroleum ; renewable resources such as timber , and the outer-continental shelf resources ) related to land .	Here , natural resources are defined as resources that can be depleted or renewed .	0
Wilshire Boulevard began as an Indian trail connecting the downtown area with the La Brea tar pits and later was developed as an upscale shopping and business district .	The Wilshire Boulevard is considered to be a flourishing part of the city .	1
Upstairs is the Musee de l 'Histoire de France , which displays a number of important documents , including Louis XVI 's diary with its famous entry noting , Rien ( Nothing ) , for 14 July 1789 .	The upstairs is off limit to visitors .	2
Accustomed to exporting , though , most companies will send large items to Europe and North America for you .	Most companies only export small items to Europe and North America .	2
He fell to the ground , clutching his leg .	He jumped from the ground kicking his legs .	2
TV demos capture neither the exhilaration nor the fear , conveying instead the smug fatuity of some second-unit director who believes social change is for saps ; DGA cards are for winners .	Splashed across the TV demos is a clear sense of exhilaration and fear .	2
He talked of the recent attempt of a noble bandit lord to take the town .	No one ever tried to take over the town .	2
A milliwarhol , or about nine-tenths of a second of fame , might appropriately be named after the tyke whose rescue became a brief focus of attention last summer after he fell through the hole of an outhouse .	The tyke who fell through the outhouse hole achieved a small amount of fame .	0
Max , Joseph 's greedy cat , was like [ Ruth 's ] hunger gone out of her--prowling in the kitchen , nosing in the cabinets , leaping on the table at dinnertime .	Joseph has a greedy cat named Max .	0
proposing an additional amendment to the Quote Rule .	Another amendment to the Quote Rule is being proposed .	0
The garden had been founded as early as 1670 as a resource for medical research , affiliated for many years with the Royal College of Physicians .	The garden was originally founded as a resource for medical research .	0
'Eat Your Liver ' was the program , and the problem was that , according to Sir John , ' It tastes yucky .	Sir John said liver tastes bad .	0
Gave ' em to me when I gentle broke a wild one none o ' th ' other boys could back .	Gave them to me when I broke one all the others couldn 't .	0
For the treatment and all follow up care , one could pay in easy month-and-half installments spread over 25 to 45 years .	One could stretch out the payments for the treatment and follow up care over 25 to 45 years .	0
While Drew watched , the stouter back of Bartolomé cut off his first good look at his father .	Drew could plainly see his father from where he stood .	2
Based on the cost-benefit analysis performed by FDA , the rule will impose an unfunded mandate on the private sector of over $ 100 million annually and therefore the rule is subject to the requirements of the Act .	The rule was based on feedback from the private sector , and resulted in the repeal of the nearly hundred million dollar annual mandate .	2
In 1981 , when Royko moved to a condominium in a lakefront high-rise , he cast himself as a bungalow-bred Margaret Mead , studying yuppies by living among them .	Royko moved to a condominium in a lakefront high-rise in 1981 .	0
uh yeah i guess i am	Yes , I suppose you could say that about me .	0
Power , to be sure , brought other benefits to a female 's genetic legacy , so women naturally like having power .	The genetic legacy is important to people .	1
Jon checked his guns and reset the paper capsules of powder and shot at his sides .	Jon was making sure that his pistols would not misfire .	1
This man was a killer .	The man had never been violent .	2
yeah yeah i am but i i don 't know it 's just	I 'm an indecisive person , that 's the problem .	1
Ivory-white and 11.3 m ( 37 ft ) high , its columns , beams , and cornices are carved with a menagerie of dragons , phoenixes , lions , and tigers in a field of clouds , peonies , Chinese sages , and angels , all gilded and painted in red , gold , blue , and green .	It is over 10 m tall and has carvings on its columns .	0
Centrelink is a one-stop shop that pays a variety of Australian government benefits .	Centrelink has streamlined the process of benefit payment for the Australian government .	1
The obvious answer was that he was in a normal hospital , somehow still alive , being patched up .	It was obvious that he was walking on the bridge smashing pumpkins .	2
Electricity generators must continually monitor and report their emissions .	Electricity generators must never be continually monitored .	2
My father , he thought he had killed him only two months ago .	My father thought he had killed the man .	0
All of the participating organizations told us that initially establishing trust among the original members was a challenge .	The original members of the organizations eventually did establish trust .	1
Reaching around back he drew his off-hand dagger from the sheath at the small of his back and another blade from the top of his left boot .	He went to pull a blade out from his left boot but it was missing .	2
Many of these elegant Renaissance houses now serve as museums and libraries .	You can tour 8 Renaissance houses in Paris alone .	1
Special equipment available for disabled guests .	They have equipment for disabled guests so they can still take baths .	1
QA practices within an aquatic toxicology laboratory must address all activities that affect the quality of the final effluent toxicity data , such ( 1 ) effluent sampling and handling ; ( 2 ) the source and condition of the test organisms ; ( 3 ) condition and operation of equipment ; ( 4 ) test conditions ; ( 5 ) instrument calibration ; ( 6 ) replication ;	The activities affect the quality of the final data .	0
Both newsweeklies celebrate cities .	The two newsweeklies celebrate rural life , but don 't have many positive things to say about cities .	2
Edinburgh became known as the Athens of the North for both its aesthetic beauty and its wealth of talented individuals .	Edinburgh is a very ugly town , filled with pollution .	2
Dental insurance covers only 44 percent of Americans ( compared to more than 80 percent for health insurance ) , and provides skimpy coverage for those who do have it .	Most Americans do not need dental insurance .	1
3 . Although gross national saving as a share of GDP in the 1990s was low by U.S. historical standards , U.S. saving as a share of GDP has generally been lower than other major industrialized countries over the past 40 years .	Gross national saving by GDP share was incredibly high by US standards in the 90s .	2
Weir says that traditionally LSC sticks to the 10-year census data , and will not change its funding based on the 2001 data , however it is possible that LSC will make an adjustment in the future .	The LSC might adjust its funding in the future .	0
You may even see boracheirosemen sampling the goods from traditional goat-skin bags once used to store and carry wine .	Bags made of goat skin were never used as wine containers .	2
um-hum would you do it again oh i see well we wouldn 't have done it the first time so	We wouldn 't have done it the first time if we knew .	0
no we probably should but we haven 't so why don 't you explain to me some good tips about what you 've done which you 've found useful and workable	What are some good tips that you can offer ?	0
I call it a theory but I 'm pretty sure of my facts facts that are known to no one but myself .	This theory will soon shake up the world of science .	1
The site advises them when the polls will close on each referendum and assures them afterward that your vote really counted .	The site advises them where there is a mistake .	2
Hopefully some of those twenty will fall crossing the river .	Twenty people are crossing a very dangerous river .	1
The outdoor life in the Savoie Alps and the resorts around Mont Blanc ( Western Europe 's highest mountain ) can be as exhilarating in summer as in winter .	Outdoor life in the Alps is exhilarating for people in both summer and winter .	0
um um it may be that um it was recently replaced by actually by um by what may be my favorite TV show of because sort of uh um Twin Peaks	I have never watched Twin Peaks .	2
Starting in the 1960s , the phone replaced door-to-door polling as the preferred means of taking the nation 's pulse .	The phone replaced the face to face interaction with polling in the US .	1
Christians , Taoists , and Buddhists may practice as long as they support the state .	Who believes in some religion can not practice at all .	2
Although there is more that OMB and the CIO Council can do , information security is primarily the responsibility of individual agencies .	there is no more that OMB and the CIO Council can do	2
The rumble of the horses came again .	The horses were quiet and still .	2
To meet the family 's extravagant debts , ground-floor rooms were turned into boutiques and cafe that attracted fashionable society , together with some shady hangers-on and intellectuals .	The boutiques and Cafe 's purpose was to meet the family 's debts .	1
In that way , with liberty and justice for all can be a way of life as well as a doctrine .	Liberty and justice for all can be both a doctrine and a way of life .	0
they have these the social in some sort of way if you want to go to school outside the country and many Salvadorians did they 'd go to school in Cornell Iowa of all places	Many students from El Salvador attend school in Iowa at Cornell .	0
He also stated that section 330 imposes a 1-year freeze on the ability of NHTSA to increase the CAFE standards and that it was my intent that NHTSA would withhold any further action directed toward increasing CAFE standards . . .. Id .	Section 330 froze NHTSA 's ability to lower CAFE standards .	2
and right in Rhode Island there are some nice colleges too Rhode Island college and	There are lots of good colleges on the east coast .	1
Our Save the Unified Surpluses base simulation reflects CBO 's January 20017 assumption that discretionary spending increases at the rate of inflation over the 10-year budget projection period .	The Save the Unified Surpluses base simulation is based on the assumption that certain spending will decrease inflation .	2
and so you can just take it out with a garden hose rinse it out	You need to rinse it out with the garden hose .	1
right um-hum um-hum yeah you saw statistics that lawyers and doctors make the most money in the long run yeah that 's true	Lawyers and doctors deserve a higher wage .	1
how how old are your kids are they	How old are your kids now ?	1
It 's true that once an inspection is demanded , Iran ( for example ) can stall .	The inspection is thorough and intense .	1
Several of their ceremonial ball courts , which were used for certain social or religious gatherings , have been discovered throughout Puerto Rico .	They only found one ceremonial ball court in Puerto Rico .	2
Food shortages .	Food shortages ravaged the city .	1
That is wrong .	That is absolutely correct .	2
The plan , Thompson explained , enhances the likelihood of the lawyer having to look over his shoulder .	The plan would take effect the following Tuesday , said Thompson .	1
He merely drew attention , correctly , to the damaging fact that Dukakis had tolerated a furlough program for especially violent criminals in his state even after a horrific incident strongly suggested this was a bad policy .	There was an horrific incident that suggested a furlough program for violent criminals was a bad idea .	0
well they feel invulnerable invulnerable to uh	They feel invulnerable to fire .	1
Jon too reloaded on the run , seeing San 'doro behind him parrying a sword thrust and stabbing into the thruster 's thigh .	Jon ran while reloading .	0
' ' I have people who swear by me .	I have people you hate me .	2
Each of the Seven Swords was a veteran of battle .	The Seven Swords were veterans of battle .	0
Two other noteworthy mansions on the Rue des Francs-Bourgeois are the Hotel Lamoignon , at the corner of Rue Pavae , and the Hotel Carnavalet , once home to the illustrious 17th-century lady of letters Madame de S ? ? vign ? ? , today the Musee Historique de la Ville de Paris .	There are two mansions that visitors can tour .	1
In 1997 , household bill / payment mail amounted to 24 .	The household bill / payment mail has changed since 1997 .	1
The mine walls were smooth and square given the ease of shaping salt rock .	The mine walls were white .	1
Spain 's Golden Age	Spain had a Golden Age .	0
The nearest Cyclades island to the Greek mainland , Androses a short ferry ride from the port of Rafina , and is therefore very popular with Athenians for weekends and summer vacations .	The most unpopular vacation spot for Athenians is at Androses .	2
One is why almost nobody wholly supports it .	The reason most people don 't completely support it is because it 's a terrible thing .	1
Both mags also cover hot , new drug Ginkgo biloba .	Neither of the mags covered the unpopular drug Ginkgo biloba .	2
barely adequate	It is barely sufficient but we can get more .	1
Although a few artisan 's workshops are nearby , this old fishermen 's quarter is mainly a residential area .	Not many tourists visit the fishermen 's quarter .	1
it was it was about uh a guy uh Nicholas Cage does Elvis Presley like a like a pseudo Elvis Presley impersonation through the whole movie he 's like a real violent uh	In the movie , Nicholas Cage portrays a pacifist .	2
oh just since last last summer it 's only been not even a year yet so	Only a year has passed .	0
that 's true and i did pay state tax in in California but my goodness that that the what do you call it sales tax is just getting outrageous to pay	I paid state tax in California but sales tax is too high .	0
If discounts are too large , the stockholders pay , along with managers who may lose their jobs .	Managers pay from their own funds when discounts are too steep .	2
Slavic tribes arrived by the eighth century a.d. and put down roots ; the lezanie , Mazowszanie , Pomorzanie and Wislanie peoples inhabited much of the territory .	The Mazowszanie tribe was more numerous than the Pomorzanie .	1
oh don 't say that	I don 't want you to say that .	0
that 's what yeah that 's what we mostly do pretty simple things especially since my youngest one is excuse me only fourteen months she she 's really getting to the age where she 's playing and likes to go places	I have three kids , they all like to do simple things .	1
Postal density is the number of delivery points that can be visited by the carrier in one hour of time , excluding loading time and the variable portion of access time and the variable portion of travel time to and from the route .	Postal density is how many delivery points a carrier can visit in one day .	2
Ca 'daan 's here , she said .	She said Ca 'daan had just arrived .	1
part part of the problem too i think up here is i mean um	I think the issue up here has different parts .	0
It felt as thick as soup and he had to breathe shallowly .	He took small breathes because it was so thick .	0
He estimates it may be upward of 600 , mostly without lawyers .	Lawyers will double that amount .	1
Tee off At times , you 'll spend a lot of time waiting for players ahead of you .	There is only one player allowed on the golf course at a time .	2
The NYT and LAT fronts report that a Vanderbilt University study , to be published today in Science , indicates that blacks are far less likely than whites to make use of the Internet .	The study found that the wifi password had been changed .	2
Tourism is a major factor in France 's econ ? ­ o ? ­ my and every effort is made to enhance your visit .	Tourism isn 't a major factory in France 's economy .	2
The temporal pattern of mortality responses to air a multicity assessment of mortality displacement .	To air a multicity assessment of mortality displacement , one must have a clear temporal pattern of mortality responses .	1
These Western ideas , which seemed to amuse Kamehameha , were introduced by a new friend , another famous English explorer , Captain George Vancouver , who had once served under Captain Cook .	Captain George Vancouver never met Captain Cook .	2
that 's right well that 's true	That is utterly wrong .	2
enduring peace and stability .	Peace is desirable .	1
Only with a special appointment can you visit the glorious Palazzo Farnese , built by Antonio da Sangallo the Younger , Michelangelo , and Giacomo della Porta .	You ca only visit the Palazzo Farnese whenever you want !	2
what if they did it though on their own time and it 's still it stays in your body for such a long time	It remains in your body for a very long time .	0
They say the local organization seeks special treatment by being exempted from requirements that apply to all LSC grantees in the country .	The local organization is not seeking anything especially not special treatment .	2
'Mr . Franklin- White- please-'	They do not want to see Mr. Franklin-White .	2
All the stories which had been dinned warningly into his ears since he had left the Mississippi now brought his hand to one of the Colts at his belt .	Everything he had been told ran through his head at once .	0
Prior to Web sites and email , this type of information traveled by way of telephone -- usually from one law school classmate to another .	Law school classmates are still exchanging information by phone over email .	2
When employees ' arrival and departure times for a pay period are established , these schedules become the basis for recorded T & amp ; A data unless material variances or deviations occur .	The basis of the schedules comes from employees ' arrival and departure times .	0
are you keeping them sold them all	I couldn 't afford to keep them .	1
There 's a name for this personnel It 's called Pass the Trash .	A name has never been bestowed upon this ancient rite .	2
Britannia was the place where the queen said she could truly relax , and it is very much a reflection of her personal taste surprising for its lack of the ornate trappings that fill her official palaces .	Britannia is no less ornate than any of the queen 's official palaces .	2
Look , Poirot ! I said .	The speaker wanted Poirot to close his eyes .	2
The shift in language may have been based on this .	There was no shift in language .	2
Need a good book store with a series of author appearances , maybe starting with Susan Faludi ?	There is a good book store only a few minutes from here .	1
'There you are , ' she said sharply .	She spoke with sharp words .	0
oh really mine sort of he looks at the pattern and he says how do you get that from there to the to the material	He looked at the crochet patterns and asked how you went from that to material .	1
On the inside walls are flowered blue tiles ( azulejos ) and coats of arms .	Blue tiles with flowers are on the inside walls .	0
The Long Hall ( South Great George 's Street ) is a Victorian time machine with ( reputedly ) the city 's longest bar counter .	The impressive long bar of the Long Hall is a great place to relax with a pint .	1
A racing line of high blood , Don Lorenzo said thoughtfully .	Don Lorenzo was thinking about recycling .	2
This went on for some time .	This was stopped quickly .	2
She 's not just good at what she does , but she 's also helping people , Carol Bond said .	Carol Bond said she is useless and terrible at her job .	2
Through implementation of the Getting it Right strategy , the Centrelink Chief Executive Officer has stated that she expects a reduction in improper payments as well as continued timeliness in payments to beneficiaries .	The Centrelink CEO has vowed that the strategy will be fine tuned until payments are back on track .	1
ALLOWANCES FOR STATES WITH EMISSIONS RATES AT OR BELOW	Each state has a different emissions allowance .	1
In addition , a nation can invest more in domestic capital than it saves by borrowing from other countries .	The domestic capital investment pays out in growing economic benefits .	1
He will make a good remount , but he is no fighter such as others I have seen here . " Drew unsaddled and left the black in with Croaker ; he fed both animals a bait of oats .	He isn 't much of a fighter now but could be with the right training .	1
and you 'd see the same kid who were back out there in two days	The same kid that played tennis would be back out in two days at most .	1
Cete d 'Or	Maybe Cete d 'Or	1
While GAO is not subject to the Freedom of Information Act , its disclosure policy follows the spirit of the act consistent with GAO 's duties and responsibilities to the Congress .	GAO is subject to the Freedom of Information Act .	2
That is not what I meant .	I did not imply that .	0
Such relationships symbolize the importance of information technology and management within their organizations .	Management is typically considered by many executives to be slightly more important than information technology .	1
Contrary to the easily caricatured image of country musicians as the real thing , many hillbilly artists were as self-conscious as their pop and folk counterparts .	Most hillbilly artists were self-conscious , just like pop and folk artists .	0
Another semirational period occurred during some excitement or danger that centered around him .	He was semirational when excitement was centered around him .	0
The addresses of members of Congress ?	Will members of Congress reply to my later ?	1
well do you exercise regularly Judy	Judy , are you done exercising for the day ?	2
well that would give them them more of an interest in what goes on in this country if if they had uh uh a a uh a privilege of voting uh that would give them a vested interest in the government and uh i would see that as as a positive uh thing for them to consider	They don 't have the right to vote because it 's a privilege .	1
The request overlapped with another similar request .	There was not similar requests .	2
Already the town gathered .	The town fled in other directions .	2
there you go starting to defrost well that 's great	It \ s good you are coming to a bit .	1
Barr too may hope to ride right-wing indignation to national power , but don 't count on it .	Barr wants nothing to do with politics .	2
This alleged societal dynamic becomes her methodological justification for using the stories of the underemployed , contracted-out , and laid-off men of Southern California to illuminate more general male losses .	Southern California 's economy is doing great .	2
'Derry , ' I shook my head .	I was shaking my head .	0
The island has a checkered past of smuggling and pira cy .	Pirates have frequented the waters around the island as recently as 5 years ago .	1
He 's going to keep the agreements made with our NATO allies .	He thinks that all NATO agreements are good and should be kept .	1
Barik cut , kicked and punched .	Barik fought by kicking and punching .	0
something else done here that would would solve the problems in the Mid East or or	Something done in the Mid East could fix our problems .	2
While you 're wandering around the country 's myriad palazzos and churches , ancient ruins , and world-class museums , you may occasionally wonder about everyday life for the average Italian .	While taking in Italy 's great history , you 'll come to the conclusion that the country is stuck centuries in the past .	2
i think that you you make of that what you wish and you can go the opposite direction and uh overdo all the frills and laces and flounces and what have you which don 't belong in the uh at least in my opinion in the workplace uh but that that you can have a classical look without a lot of a great deal of adornment and what have you and still be very feminine because that was one thing i always fought against i started out as a physical education teacher	The more feminine a woman looks at work , the better .	2
Then his pathetic self-loathing might have been exorcised .	His self-loathing was excised , and he was no longer pathetic .	2
Afterward , the Republicans were obliged to defend the proposed cuts on their individual merits , an argument which the Democrats generally carried .	Republicans had to convinced voters that the Democrats were wrong about the cuts .	1
Since Bork , partisan interest groups and grandstanding senators have freely challenged even obscure nominees .	Ever since Bork , they have not challenged any nominees .	2
Nevertheless , drinking and driving , moving violations , alcohol-related injuries , and alcohol-related problems were significantly reduced at the six-month follow up , with the intervention group experiencing one-third to one-half fewer events than the control group .	Drinking and driving was reduced after 6 months .	0
well it it 's not sudden it 's just that it probably doesn 't hit the average person uh until it hits them over the head	It hits the average person pretty suddenly .	2
You work at Tadminster , don 't you , Miss Murdoch ? She nodded .	You have worked at Tadminster a long while haven 't you Miss Murdoch ?	1
and newly married	Someone is newly married and something else has occurred to us .	0
Nor can the moneys be spent to initiate or participate in a class-action lawsuit .	Money cannot be spent to participate in a class-action lawsuit , among other things .	0
Breakfast is not usually included at US hotels , except on executive floors and at some budget motels that offer morning coffee , orange juice , and doughnuts or muffins .	Almost every hotel in the US offers a great breakfast , but budget motels usually do not , in the interest of cutting costs .	2
He addressed himself to John : " Mr. Cavendish , I should like your consent to a postmortem . "	" Mr. Cavendish I would like permission to conduct an autopsy . "	0
Inlaid wood or semi-precious stones ( intarsia ) is a venerated craft here , perfected in the 16th century .	The crafters of inlaid wood are highly skilled at what they do .	1
Chapter 4 25 Audit Objectives 26 Needs / Documentation Required 26	Chapter 4 has nothing to do with audits .	2
In addition , systems should incorporate incentives for people to do the right thing , adequate transparency mechanisms to provide reasonable assurance that people will do the right thing , and appropriate accountability mechanisms if people don 't do the right thing .	Some managers believe that people know right from wrong and that the honor system should be enough .	1
UNESCO states that she is currently the most translated individual author in the world with only the collective corporate works of Walt Disney Productions superseding her .	The only entity that has been translated more than her is the collected works of Walt Disney Productions .	0
The herbal extract shows success in treating mild dementia and preventing Alzheimer 's memory loss .	The herbal extract is not very good at treating dementia .	2
How did the welfare culture grow in the first place ?	How would welfare culture initially grow ?	0
As I walked away , I met an aged rustic , who leered at me cunningly .	An aged person stared at me as I walked away .	0
Accordingly , the regulations call for senior executive performance plans and appraisals to contain performance expectations on employees ' perspectives .	Employees will get warnings or possibly terminated if not properly following performance plans .	1
Incidentally , he also asserts wrongly that Richard Nixon 's Christmas bombing of Hanoi in 1972 made peace possible .	He has made a lot of wrong assertions about Nixon .	1
What is technically right for one question is not necessarily right for another .	One question 's answer will not be the answer for the next question .	1
Normal chlorine bleach removes color It attacks stains and dyes alike and converts them into particles that your detergent can easily wash away .	If you have normal chlorine bleach it will remove color by attacking stains and dyes by converting them into particles that detergents can easily wash away .	0
As it stands now , police officers , especially in urban areas , present more illegally obtained evidence than legally obtained evidence .	Police officers can present two types of evidence .	0
Even that much may not be true .	It 's likely most of this is untrue .	0
she be she gets back at kitty cat for all the hassle	My cat is a little terror .	1
my God i can 't imagine	I can easily imagine that .	2
And amid the detritus , one could find a scrawled phrase by a character in an earlier novel by Robert Littel , Mother Russia , a man improbably named Robespierre I have seen the future , and it needs work .	The writer wanted to see if their fans would notice the character reference .	1
Though all modern slot machines are computerized , the rules are still the get three or four matching icons in a row ( or some combination thereof ) and you win .	Despite technological upgrades , the rules of slot machines have remained the same over time .	0
I drank to howling , puking excess .	I barely had a sip of alcohol .	2
and when when we started uh having kids she had to work for a little while but then she just started substituting	After our kids came my wife worked for a bit before starting subbing .	0
what about your kickers	Are you worried about your kickers abilities ?	1
My dear friend , do you not realize that it was simply and solely the trial which has brought them together again ?	They can 't stand each other , but the trial has brought them back together .	1
Outstanding in the ground floor collections are the vast canvases of Gustave Courbet .	Gustave Courbet 's work is only featured on the second floor .	2
uh-huh well it puts a strain on everybody your wife and your family	It difficult on everyone like your spouse and your family .	0
Wouldn 't that do the trick ?	The person does not think that would do the trick	2
The preamble to the proposed rulemaking set forth the reasons for collecting the information and the burden estimates and solicited comments regarding the collection to be submitted to both the Departments and the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) .	You can find a description of the rationale in collecting burden estimates in the preamble .	0
now i work and i live in the city so that sort a kind of hung it up i have a few flowers but most of mine are like in barrels and things like that	I live in the country .	2
183 Chapter 22 In Downing Street THE Prime Minister tapped the desk in front of him with nervous fingers .	The Prime Minister was level headed , doing work at his desk .	2
Attached you will find a document entitled Access to Records .	The document called " Access to Records " is very important .	1
Often used to refer to accounts more than 90 days delinquent .	The accounts have been delinquent for over 90 days .	0
Following Khephren 'sdeaththe body oftheSphinxwaslost under the desert sands that sweptthe areaandTutmosis	The Sphinx , built on high ground , stood tall and proud throughout the ravages of time .	2
Ha ! said the old gentleman , surveying him apoplectically .	The old man was watching him .	0
As the sun set Ca 'daan walked home alone .	Ca 'daan walked with a group of guys .	2
Let 's pause for a moment to map the nuances of that pitch .	Wait , I can 't focus , let 's find out how that pitch changed .	1
" Shiloh ... " The Coronel made a sibilant hiss of the word .	The Coronel was well acquainted with the name Shiloh .	1
Several of the central security groups had developed measures of their own activities , outputs , and expertise as an indication of their effectiveness .	In order to have an indication of their effectiveness , several central security groups have developed measures .	0
Although inbound books and records might be eligible for the Media Mail rates , the amount of this mail is minimal .	A huge increase of media mail such as books and records would help to offset any budget shortcomings .	2
she has to develop her own personality and so sometimes i i have to step back and say okay we want to encourage her we want to influence her but we don 't want to control her	Whilst we do hope to have some influence over her , we do not wish to completely control her .	0
This is the resentful perception so many mainstream feminists seem stuck in today .	The feminists that seem stuck in this perception are all older than 40 .	1
Then the papers , said Sir James slowly , " are still at the back of the picture in that room . "	The papers are in that room .	0
and it was sort of it was acceptable to say certain types of things to her that she couldn 't say back that kind of thing which i i i i found myself getting really quite enraged about	I was getting really angry at the fact that it was acceptable to say certain things to her and not have her say anything back .	0
The program manager helps monitor contractor performance to ensure that user requirements are met by the products or services delivered and that senior officials provide support and oversight .	The program manager makes sure requirements are met .	0
The primary benefit of this rule , as described in the economic analyses , is the costs that would be averted by reducing the risk of BSE becoming established and proliferating in the United States through feed .	This rule would certainly have no benefits at all .	2
In case of a refusal , Lady Tadminster might open it the first day , and Mrs. Crosbie the second .	If it is accepted , no one will open it .	1
I 'd probably still be fighting , she said .	I would have stopped fighting a long time ago , she said .	2
For example , we have active employee feedback and suggestion programs .	The employees are inactive in the programs .	2
Our reviews over the past 20 years have consistently found that DOD 's weapon system acquisitions take much longer and cost much more than originally anticipated , causing disruptions to the department 's overall investment strategy and significantly reducing its buying power .	The DOD 's weapons system acquisitions process has historically been lengthier and costlier than anticipated .	0
well i think also you know in the the if men are home during the day they 're they 're um they might be unemployed men who might be more apt to um	The types of men at home during the day , like the unemployed , could be better targets .	0
Nearby is a statue of Charles II on a steed .	Charles II was known as an excellent horse rider .	1
The spacing of the plants , also , is perfect .	The plants were all flowers	1
Behind me , the carriage doors are forced open and five men in body armour burst in .	Five men tried to kill us .	1
Some of the agencies rules with their own dedicated web sites provided separate links to both the rules and electronic comment procedures ( e.g.	Some agencies ' websites contain separate links for each of their rules and procedures .	0
Lamentably , she has lost sight of just how weird and out of the mainstream that culture is .	She isn 't aware of how weird and out of the mainstream that culture is .	0
There are no major zoos in Israel .	Israel is not home to any major zoos .	0
we 've actually uh uh tried uh budgeting is very important to us we we try it every month and um i think it 's good i mean it it gives us a sense of uh uh of of staying in some semblance of control but uh we we do have uh we never seem to be able to stick with it	Budgeting gives us a sense of control .	0
In practice , how could the government hope to destigmatize food stamps for the former group but not for the latter group ( who are , under law , also entitled to them ) ?	In practice government is pushing to stigmatize food stamps .	2
It is based on a model of the acquisition process developed by GAO in cooperation with a wide range of federal and private sector officials .	The federal and public sector officials were especially interested in seeing the end result .	1
Government , Fiscal Year 2001 , Office of Management and Budget and the Congressional Budget Office 's January 2000 projections .	We expect the budget to increase this year .	1
well they say these big icebergs that you see floating out here in the north Atlantic then you see the tip of them they look like small mountains and that 's only like one third of the iceberg the rest of it submerged under the water	Most of the iceberg is above the water line .	2
Sure , it would be great to make a lot more .	It would be terrible to make more .	2
Marilyn Sommers noted that different clinical settings can profoundly influence how screening and intervention is delivered .	Screenings and interventions can be delivered in a variety of ways .	0
The Zaire , posted Saturday , March 22 , now in The Compost , inaccurately identified Paul Kagame as president of Rwanda .	The Zaire inaccurately identified Paul Kagame as president of Rwanda .	0
In practice , the precision of results of repetitive chronic tests is considered acceptable if the NOECs vary by no more than one concentration interval above or below a central tendency .	NOECs variance of up to three concentration levels are considered acceptable as far as precision goes .	2
a running total yeah uh we 've we 've uh taken how much we have you know write down how much we have coming in each month and then uh we 've at the beginning of the year we sat down and determined how much we could spend we sat down made up different accounts like you know we 've set a budget for each you know household expenses or food and clothing and entertainment and then our our own fun money and just stuff like that and then we write down each each time we spend something we write down in a book and end of the month we tally it up to see if how close we 've you know we we try to stay within a certain budget so	No one needs a budget , all it does is prevent you from having fun and spending money ,	2
How will it serve for defense ? asked Jon .	Jon was wondering how the catapult would help with defense .	1
Ios is hands-down the party island of the Aegean ; its bars and clubs boom out the latest dance tunes 24 hours a day .	The bars and clubs make most of the money for the economy of Ios .	1
Ca 'daan saw his muscles rippling as the man stretched .	The man was curled into a ball .	2
he um it it of course it was much more prevalent in Europe exercise was much more taken much more seriously than it was here in fact it it hasn 't it 's just now getting to the level where it was in Europe you know now with everybody is going to the health clubs and everything	Europe has always been behind us in exercise and fitness .	2
Founded in 788 just before the city entered its golden age as the imperial capital , its numerous buildings nestle lovingly against steep Mt .	It being founded was the reason for the city 's golden age .	1
On this island paradise , tourists and expatriates coexist side by side with movie stars , artists , the young and trendy , ageing hippies , and , of course , locals , the total residential population being over 80,000 .	The total residential population of the island paradise is over eighty thousand .	0
Many of these have been passed down through generations of Cretans .	Cretans have lost much of their history .	2
For nonmusicologists , that upward leaping orchestral figure he mentions is the bit that	There is an upward leaping orchestral figure .	0
The festival would be attracting all sorts of strangers and all sorts of attention- I needed to go somewhere quieter .	The festival brought in a lot of people .	0
We in the United States seem to give too much weight to things that do not have any bearing on the person 's ability to lead the country .	The United States gives too little weight to things .	2
they even had somebody portraying Ed Sullivan and it was very very funny i think it was the funniest part of the of that movie	The guy that played him was in a bunch of other films .	1
For example , if we compare the annual growth rates of mail volume for period 1993-97 shown in Column ( 11 ) of Tables 1 and 4 we can see ( a ) the 2.0 percent annual decrease of total HH-to-HH volume in Table 1 has been augmented to a 3.3 percent annual decrease of per-household volume in Table 4 ; ( b ) the 6.8 percent annual decrease of total HH-to-NHH volume in Table 1 has been augmented to a 8.0 percent annual decrease of per-household volume in Table 4 ; ( c ) the 0.2 percent annual increase of total NHH-to-HH volume in Table 1 has shrunk to a 1.2 percent annual decrease of per-household volume in Table 4 ; and ( d ) the 7.1 percent annual increase of total NHH-to-NHH volume in Table 1 has shrunk to a 5.7 percent annual increase of per-household volume in Table 4 .	Annual growth rates are shown in column 11 of tables 1 and 4 .	0
Terms contained in the glossary appear in bold type in the text the first time they are used in the major sections .	The glossary contains over a dozen terms used in major sections .	1
Either street will lead you along to Christianity 's most melancholy thoroughfare , the Via Dolorose ( Street of Sorrows ) .	You can take either street that will lead you to Via Dolorose which may be one of the most melancholy thoroughfare .	1
Large areas of the site have been excavated and the archaeological museum houses a comprehensive collection of finds from the site .	There is a comprehensive collection of finds being housed in the museum .	0
Everything .	Everything is fine .	1
So important is rice that it has the Shinto deity Inari all to itself .	Inari is the least popular shinto diety among the religion .	1
'I suppose you two are the genius inventors . ' 	I guess you two are the best inventors there are .	1
From a small jetty below the railway bridge , you can take a ferry out into the Firth of Forth to tiny Inchcolm Island .	Tiny Inchcolm Island is accessible by ferry from a small jetty below the railway bridge .	0
Today Edinburgh Zoo continues work on the conservation of animal species and acts as an educational resource .	The zoo does really good things for animals .	1
The supposition is ridiculous . " The same juryman who had interrupted before here suggested that the chemist who made up the medicine might have committed an error .	The juryman had interrupted him .	0
you know and i got a lot of really weird ideas from that goofy movie	The goofy film inspired me to buy a clown nose .	1
In an age when even the most seemingly spontaneous public events are in fact preceded by stacks of memos and weeks of meetings , extemporaneous entertainment like this is no mean feat .	Extemporaneous entertainment is so rare , it is treated as an oddity when it occurs .	1
and the cities are very populated with tenement housing	The cities have more tenement housing than nice apartments .	1
He 60 listened for a moment or two , then tried the handle .	Without pausing he pulled at the handle .	2
Not there , said Tuppence over her shoulder .	The person Tuppence is speaking to is about to put something where it does not belong .	1
Installed in the mid-90s in a quasi-historic building , this traditional-minded hotel puts the emphasis on creature comforts , with plush rooms and bathrooms , but little pretense .	This hotel has been around since 1995 , where they began to focus on creature comforts .	1
At an altitude of more than 640 meters ( 2,100 feet ) , this city on the Castilian plateau , Europe 's highest capital , is scorching in summer , when wilting residents flee for the coast or cooler northern climes , and freezing in winter , when many Madrilellos bolt for the Sierra Nevada , just a couple hours south , to ski .	Residents of Madrid all wish that their city had a different climate .	1
It was something he felt before in the north as a young man when he and a thousand soldiers of the emperor faced an army of five thousand bewitched devil worshiping Voth .	There had been a bloody battle .	1
A luxury resort on the west side of Oahu , expertly managed by JW Marriott , Ihilani is situated within a 640-acre resort community that provides golf , tennis , 3 miles of beaches and lagoons , and a world-class spa within a half-hour drive of Honolulu .	It 's a luxury resort on the west side of the island and has 500 rooms .	1
Some were museum pieces .	They were new , not the ones from the museum .	2
( About 40 percent of all hardcovers ordered by the chains are returned . )	Forty percent of the harcovers ordered by chains are returned .	0
A little background information on the major forms of faith may help .	Background information on faiths will not help at all .	2
The Tower Craft Design Ceter on Pearse Street , off Grand Canal Quay , has a range of crafts made and sold on the premises .	A large variety of crafts are created and then sold inside the Town Craft Design Center .	0
In the town of Hiraizumi just a 20-minutes bus ride from Ichino-seki Station you 'll find a temple dating from the late Heian period ( early 12th century ) .	There are no temples in Hiraizumi .	2
Per capita 2000 dollars Double 2035 level by 2070 140,000 120,000	Per capita 2000 dollars Quadruple 2035 level by 2070 140,000 120,000	2
Each Pokemon has its own skills that work better against some Pokemon than others .	Some Pokemon 's skills are very effective against all Pokemon .	1
it was it was the strangest i 'm i 'm not sure it was gerrymandered but the way they drew these little patterns and stuff i i i guess i 'm a little cynical of the of the power base i i i and i don 't quite understand why the power base uh doesn 't uh why they don 't go with fourteen one i you know i and you know the it seems to me that what happened in the in the election that a lot of the people they said particularly the the uh i think it 's Hispanics don 't vote because they don 't think that they have any affect and it 's i i guess i am disappointed with Dallas in that uh the fourteen one it	i 'm quite sure it was gerrymandered because of the way they drew their divisions	2
Recommitment to the provision of services to Native Americans and migrant workers .	Recommitment to the provision of free legal services to migrant workers .	1
The shift in language may have been based on this .	The language changed .	1
Beaches along the northern shore are better reached by caique ( a small , brightly painted ferry ) .	The northern beaches are better reached by ferry .	0
In classically narrow , zigzagging lanes designed to hinder surprise attack , the houses , today still inhabited by the Satsuma warriors ' descendants , offer the rare opportunity to visit some exquisite private gardens , otherwise carefully concealed behind tall hedges .	The houses were built on straight lanes to discourage surprise attacks .	2
I 'd Like To Thank Members of the Academy	I would just like the members of the academy to know that I despise them .	2
The analysis indicates a decrease of four rural hospitals and an increase of three urban hospitals , for a net decrease of one .	Analysis indicates a decrease of four rural hospitals .	0
Bill Clinton is a master of buttering up journalists by quoting their books and articles back to them .	Bill Clinton is a very good talker and has a warm personality .	1
An exhibition of the foppish pop artist 's ephemera--his clothes , souvenirs , and photos--is panned as unexpectedly boring and blindly reverential of Warhol .	The pop star 's exhibition is boring and copied Andy Warhol .	0
Proud of their lobster and meat dishes char-grilled or cooked any other way .	They serve great lobster on the patio	1
yeah i didn 't realize what it was for a while i 'd walk into a room where some of that and i 'd wonder what is that you know and then one day i i realized that it was eucalyptus	One day it dawned on me that this was eucalyptus .	0
Ever see a contemplative Power Ranger ?	Ever see an impulsive Power Ranger .	2
Because most federal civilian employees are paid on an hourly basis ( or fractions of an hour ) and earn and charge leave on that basis , a complete and accurate record of the time an employee works must be retained as an official agency record available for review or inspection .	An accurate record is maintained .	1
The point is not that downsizing is in and of itself a mistake .	Not downsizing is a mistake .	0
The difference , $ 6 .	The 6 dollars was change that the cashier handed me .	1
Napoleon wanted it as a temple of glory for his army , but his architect suggested the Arc de Triomphe instead .	Napoleon was open to other proposals , and in the end he chose to go with what his architect chose .	1
For populations over age 65 , we then develop a VSLY from the age-adjusted base VSL of $ 2 .	The VSLY is only for the male population over 65 .	1
But if the Chinese did try to buy favor with the Democrats , it may have been because they already owned the Republicans .	If the Chinese tried to buy favor with the Democrats , it 's because the Republicans rejected them .	2
Some would have big media erect Fifth Columns within their walls , but navel-gazing doesn 't automatically impress , as the Times-Mirror flagship Los Angeles Times learned after publishing a 30,000-word self-examination on the Staples Center scandal .	The Times-Mirror flagship Los Angeles Times learned that navel-gazing doesn 't always impress .	0
There were some fifteen others and when they spoke , they spoke in a language I did not know .	They were speaking very loudly and quickly .	1
for better weather we might consider that next winter i 'm not	This winter was brutally cold and snowy .	1
Luckily for New Orleans , his scheme was a remarkable success .	Fortunately for New Orleans , his plans came to fruition .	0
Leon Battista Alberti added the graceful white-and-green marble facade in 1470 .	Leonardo Da Vinci added the white-and-green marble facade in 1470 .	2
The country 's , indeed Europe 's , finest craftsmen once clustered in small leather workshops around San Lorenzo and Santa Croce , but goods now come mostly from factories in the periphery .	Once Europe 's best leather working shops were centered around San Lorenzo and Santa Croce .	0
Look here , what 's the idea of telling my Dad we were feeding animals ?	Why did someone tell my Dad we were planting trees ?	2
She earned a bachelor 's degree in English literature from Davidson College before heading to Georgetown for her law degree , where she finished in 1993 .	She graduated in English literature at Davidson College and missed it when she left .	1
The old reasons to head for the hills still make a trip to Simla more than valid , even if the old viceregal glamour has gone .	Although the old glamour has faded , the same old reasons still make a vacation at Simla worthwhile .	0
Dr. Arthur Caplan , the only ethicist at the hearing who betrayed any awareness of the new issues , focused instead on the morality of trade-offs .	Caplan focused mostly on the morality of trade-offs .	0
If the initiatives pass , after all , the states will retain their traditional scratch-off and Powerball lotteries , and their Indian casinos will continue to offer electronic gambling on reservations .	The state will keep lotteries and the casinos will have electronic games .	0
They are particularly susceptible to workplace exploitation in sectors such as agriculture , landscaping , janitorial and restaurant work , and day labor .	They 're resistant to workplace exploitation in agriculture and janitors	2
that 's what he i can 't tell you how many times i heard that that 's what he yeah i i can 't tell you how many times i heard that and my son only my son only five so he 's not old enough yet to send out to to the do the yard work	My son is only five years of age	1
okay it 's a book called Life Extensions there 's also a book called The Life Extansion Extension Companion uh Dirk Pearson and	The Life Extension Companion was written five years after Life Extensions .	1
Most astonishingly--for the first time in my experience of half a dozen Noras--McTeer even manages to make Nora 's single most famous line ring true .	This is my first experience with a Nora .	2
how were the how were the house prices up there	How much did a house cost up there ?	0
But what about the months before Sept . 11 ?	What about the months before September 11 ?	0
Adrin fired shot after shot into the riders .	The riding band of thieves were attempting to steal Adrin 's horses .	1
The FWI are somewhat removed from the great game-fishing waters off the Bahamas , Puerto Rico , and the Virgin Islands , but the average angler will find challenges aplenty here from boat or shore .	The FWI has a lot to offer fishermen and women .	0
It was worse , they say , when she did make appearances .	Her appearing made it worse .	0
To that end , Slate offers a real Election Day forecast , predicting the outcomes of close Senate and gubernatorial races based on the Tuesday weather map in Monday 's USA Today . ( Why USA Today ? It does not suffer from the notorious liberal meteorological bias that afflicts the New York Times and the Washington Post . ) In the interest of accuracy , Slate has updated the predictions based on USA Today ' s Tuesday forecast .	Slate covers each race in the election .	1
It is past all hope then to offer for him ? Oliveri was smiling , but his eyes held a greedy glint Drew had seen before .	Oliveri was willing to pay a high price to buy him .	1
In 1909 Abdul Hamid was deposed and replaced by his brother , Mehmet V.	Mehmet V was ruler until Abdul Hamid stole the throne .	2
My dear Mr. Whittington , she said , " let us by all means lay our cards upon the table .	She is speaking to Mr. Whittington .	0
Rooms are quaint , with no air-conditioning .	Rooms do not have a / c .	0
Adrin and I will be on either side of the rocks .	We will be on top of the rocks .	2
Somewhere along the line , all of that changed .	The changes were welcomed at first before people became aware of the full implications .	1
business expenses and all those kind things	Income exceeded business expenses .	1
Justice Cynthia Kinser of the Virginia Supreme Court , keynote speaker for the celebration , said the concept of legal aid can be traced back to wording in England 's Magna Carta , but the first version in this country was an 1876 program in New York to help German immigrants .	The first application of a concept of legal aid was that of helping German immigrants in New York .	0
Is bestiality , that perpetual urban smirk at rural life , actually prevalent in Nebraska and Wyoming ?	Bestiality is known to occur due to lack of resources and opportunity .	1
good old books and good old books and classics that 's right	There are plenty of good old books here .	1
Rubin 's relief for Americans has encouraged a moral hazard--an inducement for people to speculate excessively because they know the United States will rescue them .	Rubin has changed peoples ' behavior for the worse .	1
The Moors failed to penetrate much further north than Aveiro about halfway up the Atlantic Coast .	The Moors managed to penetrate far north of Aveiro .	2
i don 't know i tell you what they 've uh they 've got a big enough payroll they need to uh uh	I am not sure , but I know they are well funded .	0
While in the private sector improper payments most often present an internal problem that threatens profitability , in the public sector they can translate into serving fewer recipients or represent wasteful spending or a higher relative tax burden that prompts questions and criticism from the Congress , the media , and the taxpayers .	Paying people the wrong amount is a positive thing in the private sector .	2
Look here , Annette , I want you to help me get out of this . She shook her head .	Look here , Annette , I cannot get out of this without your help .	1
um-hum um-hum well i 've i 've lived both in the United States and and in a country where they do use the metric system and uh so i 've i 've lived with pounds and inches and found it really quite easy to convert over um the secret seeming to me is to be to not bother ever converting inches to centimeters and pounds to kilometers	I am not familiar with the metric system .	2
In every annual appropriations Act since 1996 , Congress has prohibited LSC funding of any organization that represented clients in an effort to amend or otherwise challenge existing welfare law .	Congress won 't let LSC fund an organization that wants to remove welfare law .	1
But the New York Times ' Ben Brantley claims the play bears the rare mark of theatrical it is rooted in specific , even earthy details but it sets off echoes that go way beyond its sad story .	Ben Brantley thinks this is the best play of the year .	1
Aren 't there ANY answers ? " Tommy shook his head with a deep and somewhat overacted melancholy .	Tommy shook his head with a deep and somewhat overacted melancholy , asking if there are any answers at all .	0
When Hitler came to Paris as conqueror in 1940 , this was the first place he wanted to see .	This was the preferred destination on Hitler 's victory trip to Paris .	0
oh no no no a tent	No , a bag .	2
But how they did it gets my goat . "	The fact that they knew how to do it baffles me .	0
Aswan , Egypt 's southernmost town , has played an important role throughout its long history .	Aswan is the northernmost town in Egypt .	2
A preliminary evaluation of Phase I , currently under way , has found that most users are happy with the overall implementation of the technology plan to date and believe that it has significantly improved their program 's capacity and their own individual capacity to serve clients .	The initial evaluation shows that those using it are happy and have seen its value .	0
Obtain users ' and project staff 's evaluations ofmanagement 's support in the above steps .	Use the above steps to get evaluations of management 's support .	0
and it also teaches them spiritual warfare you know so	It does not teach them spiritual warfare .	2
This work was soon followed by full life cycle tests using other toxicants and fish species .	A publication from these findings would change the field forever .	1
Though the theater relented when Arthur Miller , Wendy Wasserstein , and other top playwrights howled , most critics still paint the incident as a free-speech outrage .	Critics claimed the playwrights whining to be free-speech .	0
Some claim it was here that Akbar held his famous debates with Jesuits , Brahmins , Parsi Zoroastrians , Sufi mystics , Jain , and Buddhist monks the sages arguing while Akbar sat listening atop his pillar , or Akbar striding majestically around the bridges and balcony hurling his questions at his listeners .	The Akbar never held debates in his life .	2
'Daniel , ' I snapped .	Daniel was dangerously playing with fire .	1
National pro-bono participation is even worse .	National pro-bono participation is even better .	2
Ca 'daan found A 'deem and told him of his discoveries .	Ca 'daan sought A 'deem out , and delivered his news to him in person .	1
and uh those include Arizona Ash and in some cases silver maples	Those include Arizona Ash and sometimes Silver Maples	0
okay i think we 're supposed to discuss our view of the Soviet Union as a continuing threat to the United States how do you feel about that	Now , let 's discuss whether we think the Soviet Union is still a threat to the United States .	0
The consulting service of the office of Ireland 's Chief Herald will help you trace your own ancestry , and if you have a couple of thousand pounds to spare , you can apply for a grant of arms .	It costs a couple of thousand pounds to apply for a grant of arms .	0
maybe again	never again .	2
Then he remembered the private patients " balmy ones . " He inquired carefully if there was a young lady amongst them , describing Tuppence .	The man asked about a woman that sounded like Tuppence .	0
They trotted out numerous theories to establish the Kosovo mission 's Air power alone had never won a war , the Serbs had proven their invincibility against Hitler , and negotiation backed by gradual military escalation had failed in Vietnam .	The Americans won the war in Vietnam after using negotiation with military escalation .	2
The staff are friendly and helpful , and there is a small tearoom .	There is a small tearoom , and the staff are friendly and helpful .	0
Agency for International Development 's home page , CARE 's site , or ReliefNet , a non-profit organization dedicated to helping humanitarian organizations raise global awareness and encourage support for relief efforts via the Internet .	ReliefNet helps with humanitarian organizations .	0
But I don 't think we ought to leave the flat . "	I 'm convinced that we should leave the apartment immediately .	2
In preparation for our trip , I spent months studying Italian soccer on television .	I was studying Italian soccer on television for months .	0
exactly i i was astonished to find out that that across the United States in all public schools it is not mandatory for them to take phys ed	PE is a requirement in all grades .	2
Was there a great apparel shortage during Christmas 1996 ?	They were curious since they were born in 1996 .	1
If These differences are material , the standards constituting Federal GAAP should be applied for purposes of including the components in entity-wide statements .	Federal GAAP should be applied if the differences are material .	0
For example , the Illinois Department of Public Aid ( IDPA ) conducted a 1998 comparison of Medicaid payments made with information and documentation associated with the claims to determine if the payments were accurate .	Medicaid payment accuracy was examined in 1998 .	0
How do you make that out ?	How do you make that out ?	0
That , in a nutshell , is the history of Kosovo .	That is a summary of Kosovo 's past .	0
Get busy , and go after her !	Stop sitting there and go get her .	1
Stand in the middle of the new Ganga Bridge to get a sense of the effect the river has on the lives of the Indians ; it is 3 km ( 2 miles ) wide here .	The river is a mile wide at the Ganga Bridge .	2
, and the other guy does not ; and that Sullivan has always had this belief , while the other guy has lost his .	The other guy used to have the belief Sullivan has .	0
The open trading program gives power plants the flexibility to choose how they meet their target emission reductions , which minimizes compliance costs and lowers consumer electricity prices .	The open trading program gives power plants no flexibility to pick how they meet their reductions .	2
Getting her to answer the door was a challenge .	She always answered the door .	2
Some offsetting collections are credited directly to appropriation or fund accounts ; others , called offsetting receipts , are credited to receipt accounts .	Offsetting receipts get credited to receipt accounts .	0
You soak that rot-gut out of you , and mind your tongue while you do it !	Stop talking about me right now !	1
That is what we must find out . " He stood there silently , gently stroking his chin .	He carefully came up with a plan to figure out what they needed to know .	1
I came to the conclusion that Mrs. Inglethorp 's determination to destroy her will arose as a direct consequence of the quarrel she had that afternoon , and that therefore the quarrel took place after , and not before the making of the will .	The will had not been destroyed at the time of the quarrel	1
It was established following New Republic staffer Ruth Shalit 's serial plagiarisms .	Ruth Shalit had a history of plagiarism .	0
'It was ripped off a network news broadcast three minutes ago . ' 	This was taken from a recent broadcast .	0
That was exactly the reasoning endorsed by the Supreme Court in 1988 , when it upheld the right of Sharp Electronics to terminate the dealership of a chronic discounter .	The Supreme Court did not allow Sharp Electronics to terminate the contract .	2
The view from atop the 30-m ( 98-ft ) gate provides a fine overall view of the temple grounds and sacred Mt .	The top of the gate is the only place with a good view of the temple grounds .	1
Pause now at a cafe in that most serene of city squares , the Piazza Navona .	Piazza Navona is a good place to stop to go to a cafe and take in the most serene of city squares .	0
A little reluctantly , Greuze gave me permission to go and poke around .	Greuze was not happy about letting me poke around .	1
The maritime republic of Genoa rose to challenge Venice 's supremacy .	The maritime republic of Genoa never rose to challenge Venice 's supremacy .	2
They still showed up .	They had been told not to come .	1
The main port , Kamares , lies 5 km ( 3 miles ) from the capital Apollonia , and its sister town Artemon ( both named for the brother and sister god and goddess of ancient Greek mythology ) .	The Kamares port lies thirty miles from Apollonia .	2
A Newsweek piece describes ( and amply illustrates ) how the men 's magazine Maxim is stimulating the Playboy ization of the genre .	A Newsweek piece describes how the men 's magazine is stimulating the Playboy ization of the genre .	0
Aside from the problems with these basic assumptions , I was duly awed and intimidated by the complexity of Allen 's analysis .	Allen 's analysis was absolutely accurate .	1
you haven 't huh if you were uh what do you think about the whole concept of a trial by your peers	Have you ever thought about the concept of trial by peers ?	1
We are armed .	We have weapons .	0
yeah oh yeah we 've had one as long as i can remember	yes , of course , i can 't remember ever not having one	0
And be careful . The Russian beckoned .	And watch your step . The Russian summoned .	1
Gratuity ? hinted Tuppence .	Tuppence hinted gratuity .	0
or nine and under they 're all real young they 're just really feel like that 's what God 's told them to do but they 're not condemning you if you we only have one child you know they don 't say they don 't put airs on about it or anything which is good because it would be easy i 'm sure for them to do that you know you get a conviction like that and you think everyone should have it and so i 'm real proud of them because they 're aren 't really they don 't do that at all you go in their bathroom and there 's ten tooth brushes in there and i always give her a hard time i go now come on who 's toothbrush did you really use this morning	There are ten tooth brushes in the bathroom .	0
Section C describes the tasks to be performed by the contractor and the products to be delivered .	Section C describes the tasks that need to be done that year .	1
California 's law suggests letting state workers give the injections without medical supervision , but the serious side effects , and the need to ensure that appropriate doses are given , make this approach foolhardy .	A law in California suggest that workers be allowed to give injections without medical supervision because this will make things more efficient .	1
The hillsides that surround the monastery are the site of Hong Kong 's only tea plantation .	Hong Kong has numerous tea plantations located all around the city .	2
CURRENT SERVICES ASSESSMENT ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION	Assessment of annual stewardship information .	0
No , I never take it in coffee . 52 " Sacre ! " murmured Poirot to himself , as he brought back the replenished cup .	As Poirot brought back the cup filled with earl gray coffee , he muttered , " Sacre ! " to himself .	1
i guess they wouldn 't be called dialects but they 're pretty close sometimes	They aren 't exactly dialects but they sound very similar .	1
We must convert all wealth into the measure employed by mankind for 6,000 years , i.e. , ounces of gold .	There is no reason to abandon an economic measure that has worked for 6000 years .	1
As the main industries of the region continued to decline , the number of visitors continued to grow ; it seemed that tourism could at least breath some life back into the region .	Tourism seemed to be one of the few sources of income left for the region .	0
um-hum oh i 'm sure it is i 'm sure it is i was exposed to a lot of music when i was younger i my parents had me take piano lessons for eight years and	I was exposed to a lot of music when I was younger .	0
But I 've hardly begun to answer your questions !	But I still have a long way to go in my answer !	1
A privileged few get in to see the ceremonial dining room 's fabulous frescoes by Annibale Carracci .	It costs money to visit the dining room and see the frescoes .	1
Although your journey is going to be difficult and at times you will doubt yourselves , the benefits to clients are well worth it and the satisfaction of hearing even the most recalcitrant of adversaries say that the new system is better than the one that went before is deeply rewarding .	The new system appears far more complex , but ultimately easier and more thorough .	1
Organized bus tours start at the Tuileries Gardens , on the Rue de Rivoli side .	Bus tours begin on the side of the Rue de Rivoli to better facilitate tourists .	1
Meanwhile , John McLaughlin stares directly at Fred Beetle Barnes , pauses , and calls him Pat Buchanan .	John McLaughlin mistakenly called Fred Barnes , Pat Buchanan .	0
Chisorom Okwuosa , legal services developer for the California Department of Aging , said state officials supported the hotline 's grant application .	The CA Dept. of Aging has hired a new legal services developer as of June , 2016 , his name is Bob Johnson .	2
No fool 's errand , sir .	A damn fool you are sir .	2
On the stroke of eleven she plunged into the recesses of the building .	She didn 't go near the building .	2
Among the most notable churches are the Cathedrale Saint-Pierre-et-Saint-Paul , which took centuries to complete ; the Eglise Saint-Nizier , recognizable by its gaudy tile roof ; and the Basilique Saint-Urbain .	The Cathedrale Saint-Pierre-et-Saint-Paul was built in the 20th century .	2
Uncommon Good has a 22-member board of doctors , lawyers and representatives of Christian groups and is recruiting mentors .	Uncommon Good is currently trying to recruit members from the Northeast area of the U.S.	1
The women were laughing and Czarek said :	The girls were not amused at all and Czarek said :	2
For their part , Highland Southern populists tend to rally around harebrained economic programs , elevating them from an instrument of policy into a symbol of a crusade against their enemies .	Highland Southern populists tend to rally around economic programs .	0
Indeed , you could view this show as a carnivalesque celebration of our growing tolerance for illiteracy .	Our tolerance for illiteracy is growing .	0
Because of this , they encourage their managers to capture product design and manufacturing knowledge to identify and resolve problems early in development , before making significant increases in their investment .	They don 't want their managers to be knowledable at all .	2
well it 's basically you know it 's like i got like a leather jacket or a you know so i just put on a T-shirt and a leather jacket and i usually stay in class that way and if not i would wear a sweatshirt underneath it and then you know you 'd but what happens is uh what i 've seen here on campus it 's very strange because a lot of black people here they wear like dress pants and dress shirts to go everywhere	I like to wear a t-shirt and leather jacket because they look cool .	1
no i 'm kind of uh actually uh i think they 've got the draft choices to make to make a good run at it but i i 'm not sure how well they 'll draft	I 'm not sure of how well they 'll draft because they didn 't do such a good job last year .	1
I use both commercial software and free software in the course of my work ( I 'm adminstrator of a large number of NT and Unix computer systems ) , and it 's pretty clear to me that it 's the free software that is rigorously tested and the commercial software that gets released just as soon as it appears to run .	It seems that commercial software works better than free .	2
The designation of the name came about after the land west of the Jordan River was annexed by Jordan in 1950 .	The Jordan river was named after a random guy named Jordan .	2
Third , the claim that Clinton quietly approved the second Loral launch in February 1998 .	First , the claim that the Loral Launch was approved by Clinton in June of 1998 .	2
The main house is now a museum of antiques , including furniture from a variety of centuries and origins .	A three hundred year old chair once used by the queen is stored here .	1
AcroseCollege Street is Trinity College .	Trinity college is located across College street .	0
huh you said your from DC	You said you were born and raise in Paris ?	2
His portraits of saints , hermits , and martyrs reveal impeccable drawing skills , composition , and keen exploitation of light and shadow .	His landscapes , while also impressive , are nowhere close to the quality of his portraits .	1
Then I shan 't drink it , said Tuppence firmly .	Tuppence drank it immediately .	2
This measure does require LSC staff to understand how services differ from grantee to grantee , so that the differences in levels of service can be adjusted to arrive at meaningful cost-per-case figures .	Between grantees , there is no differences in service for LSC staff to learn .	2
Rock and hip-hop music increasingly celebrate marijuana and other drugs .	Rock and hip-hop music has no positive reinforcement of marijuana ..	2
Abbaye de Fontenay	Spain .	2
Relaxing , friendly dairy restaurant serving good pies , cr ? ªpes , salads , and fish in a rustic old house .	The restaurant focuses on meat dishes .	2
Prince Charlie fled and was pursued over the Highlands before escaping in a French ship .	Prince Charlie fled and escaped in a French ship .	0
Using our econometric model , we can compute an estimate of any US household 's demand for postal delivery services given its M and A , A , ..	It is possible to estimate. a household 's demand for postal delivery .	0
The American Spectator piece led directly to Paula Jones .	She knew what she was doing with the piece .	1
People might begin to save more if they were aware how much they need for retirement and that saving regularly over time is the key to preserving their future standard of living .	Savings are important for people and they should realize it .	0
You haven 't got them ? Julius punctuated the words with little pauses .	Julius spoke quickly with no break .	2
Right there on Page 302 , he explains .	He doesn 't explain on page 302 .	2
and apart of that we haven 't really done much of anything except for uh separating your newspapers and taking those to uh an area that they 've designated um but in uh in the office place we 've been doing it for some time separating our uh uh computer paper from our normal garbage	We could do more work at separating waste .	1
[ It ] seems incontestable that if no communication in the ordinary sense of the word is possible , there can be no lie .	It 's sure that no communication corresponds to a lot of lies .	2
A bullet hole in the leg .	He was shot .	0
i guess they 're still in business	They are not in business since January , right ?	2
now the one thing i did approve of there was that we didn 't have to be unanimous because it was a civil case	I agree that in a civil case , we didn 't need to reach a unanimous decision .	0
Created at the height of the Chandellas ' power in the mid-11th century , the sculpture inside is the most sophisticated and apsara dancing-girls and sura-sundari nymphs coquettishly yawning , scratching , applying their makeup , or playing with monkeys , parakiats , or with their cheerful lovers .	The sculpture inside created in the mid-11th century were the most sophisticated .	0
we try not to go before uh July because uh it takes uh	We try not to go before July .	0
Call Las Vegas a Far West Tiger , and you wouldn 't be too far off the mark .	Las Vegas is a far west tiger .	0
Indeed , I feel that the competition process has been successful in ways that I would not have ever envisioned when I was hanging out in legal services programs in Iowa and New Jersey in the seventies , eighties and nineties .	There are more legal services available now than they were in those days .	1
There 's also an Online Internship Application , which offers students experience in correspondence , grassroots organization , volunteer coordination , fundraising , events planning and coordination , and media events .	The Online Internship Application offers students nothing in the way of experience .	2
The final , and most important , reason Martha is escaping criticism is that Martha Stewart the person has been separated from Martha Stewart the brand .	Martha Stewart 's brand is not being criticized because it is separate from who she is as a person .	0
16For more information about potential sources of uncertainty in CBO 's projections , see The Uncertainties of Budget Projections , Chapter 5 , The Budget and Economic Fiscal Years 2002-2011 , Congressional Budget Office ( January 2001 ) , pp. 93-103 .	For more information about potential sources of uncertainty in CBO 's projections , one should not see The Uncertainties of Budget Projections	2
General Electric Aircraft Engines has digitally captured , and made available to design engineers , Cpk data on almost all of its manufacturing processes and it strives to have critical processes in control to a point where they will yield no more than 1 defect in 500 million parts , a Cpk of 2.0 .	General Electric Aircraft Engines make their data available to design engineers as they want to demonstrate that they can handle big contracts .	1
Didn 't know as how th ' younker had him a runnin ' hoss , Don Cazar . He inspected Shiloh critically .	Don Cazar was inspecting Shiloh .	0
and what do you do with it	What do you do with your boat ?	1
This was also to be the starting point of the Third Crusade in 1190 , when England 's Richard the Lion-Hearted joined forces with Philippe Auguste .	When Philippe Auguste joined forces with Richard the Lion-Hearted , this was the starting point of the Third Crusade in 1190 .	0
However , most boilermakers ( 60 percent ) work in the electric power industry , so it should not be surprising that the percentage is high .	60 % of boilermakers work in the electric power industry .	0
you know uh but i i see it all too often i mean we 've got loads of foreign students	I can count all the foreign students we have in one hand .	2
in the mountains	In the high altitude regions .	0
Stardom can be addictive .	Stardom may be addictive .	0
Regular old cat always interfering .	The regular old cat is always interfering when I try to open my door to bring in groceries it tries to run into my house and I nearly trip everytime .	1
She herself , I noticed , was dressed in her white land smock .	She didn 't want to dirty her clothing .	1
The volatile and fascinating history of the whole area means that no two islands are identical , although similarities do exist .	The turbulent history of the region creates vastly different islands with a few similarities .	0
Nothing in the congressional debate discussing the	The debate discussed other things instead .	1
And while it may be unfair that homemakers are not paid for the work they do , the upside to the deal is that they are not taxed on it , either .	It 's completely fair that homemakers are not paid for the work they do .	2
When the local course is private , as at the Royal Perakiaolf Club at Ipoh , your hotel may be able to get you temporary membership if you are a member of a golf club back home .	All courses are free and open to the public .	2
You say it isn 't Rita .	Rita wasn 't responsible ?	1
they don 't do them real often which is obviously the death penalty	Death penalty is issued all the time .	2
i have a a similar opinion at first i wasn 't sure but then i thought it was a good thing for the company as as well	Nah , my opinion is entirely different .	2
I was confused , and she wanted to put me back in my box . ' 	I knew what was going on .	2
Only the squeamish will object to the giant toads and harmless little white cave-racer snakes .	The toads and the snakes despise each other .	1
Chinese President Jiang Zemin is attracting scrutiny now that his mentor , Deng Xiaoping , is dead .	Deng Xiaoping died from acute kidney failure due to many years of drinking .	1
and oh i the uh we use a lot of free lance and uh	We don 't use freelance	2
The eviction of three Lynchburg women and four children last summer , partly as a result of a rent-to-own contract , has drawn the attention of the General Assembly .	Three Lynchburg women were evicted .	0
Resolution Establishing A Task Force To Study and Report on Configuration of Service Areas , June 30 , 2001 .	There is a task force to study service areas .	0
It 's all right , girl pretty lady Drew fondled her mane , stroked the satin-smooth arch of neck .	Drew shot his dog .	2
Eleven days for that one is pretty good .	12 days is bad .	2
The deposit was returned .	There were no returned deposits .	2
'Merchandising ? '	Is it Merchandising ?	0
No one else stopped him .	No one made the man quit walking towards the village .	1
Unless appropriately controlled , computerized operations can offer those with criminal or other malicious intentions numerous opportunities for committing fraud , tampering with data , or disrupting vital operations .	Appropriate controls for computerized operations include the hiring of a dedicated cyber security officer .	1
The following is a facsimile of it .	There were no copies made .	2
lowest-ranked playoff team in their division ever to accomplish this feat .	lowest-ranked team in the division in the playoffs to ever do this task .	0
His clothing was a mess , spattered with drying blood , but he seemed unharmed now .	His clothing suggested otherwise , but he was actually unhurt .	1
The street leads to the elegant 14th-century Gothic abbey church , the Abbatiale Saint-Ouen , best observed from the little park east of the chancel .	The Abbatiale Saint-Ouen is also the local parish church .	1
At a few minutes past eight the front door bell rang , and Tuppence went to answer it with some inward trepidation .	Tuppence didn 't answer the door .	2
FIND JANE FINN . "	Locate Jade Finn .	0
Chronic Bronchitis .	Persisting illness .	0
yeah yeah but uh we uh we try to keep a uh uh tight controls over over them but it it gets hard like especially around Christmas time and birthdays	We did not hold back no matter the time .	2
The main waterfront area , Turtle Beach , sits in front of the town center .	Turtle Beach is not the name of the main waterfront area .	2
As he demonstrates in picture after picture , he 's willing to be stomped for art 's sake .	He is willing to jump off a cliff .	1
Fetuses are particularly vulnerable to methylmercury because of their rapidly developing nervous systems .	The methylmercury is quite dangerous for pregnant woman .	1
Since Jackson II , the institution has fallen sharply from grace .	Poor management has caused the institution to fall from grace .	1
We went higher in the hills to the feet of the Old One and dug new tunnels .	We dug new tunnels higher in the hills to prepare for the battle .	1
I haven 't seen him either , replied Tuppence impatiently .	Tuppence wasn 't patient when he replied .	0
The house at no . 22 is literally palatial , calling to mind a scaled-down Buckingham Palace .	The house was built nearly two hundred years ago .	1
Within months , I knew many of them .	I knew most of them .	1
oh so they did do a good job	Oh so they did a fine job	0
But biology and the archaeological record suggest otherwise , Diamond argues in the current issue of Discover .	Some of the biological and archaeological records suggest things that Diamond occasionally agree with .	1
On the one hand , EPA has not conducted any significant review of the EIA assumptions that underpin the AEO2001 projections .	EPA has done several extensive reviews of EIA 's underlying assumptions in its AEO2001 projections .	2
Criteria , one of the elements of a finding , provide a context for understanding the results of the audit .	Make it easy to comprehend the results of the audit .	0
The leather bindings were scuffed and one was scored clear across the back , yet they had been handsome , undoubtedly treasured .	The books were brand-new and had never been opened .	2
Implementing Best Strategies at Work , Federal CIO Council , Capital Planning and IT Investment Committee , June 1998 .	The Capital Planning and IT Investment Committee decided not to explore how to introduce workplace strategies .	2
Here , just a short mile or so from Fremont Street and Glitter Gulch , are quiet , ranch-style homes spread out over parcels of an acre ( about 1.2 hectare ) or more , complete with swimming pools , tennis courts , horse corrals , and lush , mature landscaping .	There are no pools in any of the houses .	2
'But then you showed us ideals weren 't just for fairy tales and like .	Ideals are only for fairy tales .	2
not many people know about Miami	Not a lot of people have been to Miami .	1
Subscribe here . Thanks . )	Please , subscribe here .	0
This is one in a series of projects we are undertaking for the Senate Committee on Governmental Affairs and the House Committee on Government Reform concerning the issue of improper payments involving federal programs .	They used the money meant for the programs to build a wall .	2
As shown in figure 3.5 , GDP per capita under the Constant 2000 National Saving Rate simulation would fall short of doubling every 35 years .	The GDP per capita triples every 35 years .	2
If she fails to respond , he said , the House will have no choice but to call for the vice president 's impeachment .	If she doesn 't respond , the House will have to try to impeach the VP before next November .	1
well the the ground here is so flat and it 's all saturated now we 're getting some flooding	The ground here is so flat we are getting some flooding .	0
Ernie Els alone among the final four had won an Open , but was a vanilla man , plain-looking and apparently without any emotions whatsoever .	Ernie Els was one of more than two contestants in the Open .	0
i like that place	That is a place I really enjoy visiting .	0
Another housing preservation .	The preservation keeps the house intact .	1
Of course , if the girl was really Whittington 's niece , she might be too cute to fall into the trap , but it was worth trying .	Washington 's niece is too cute to fall into traps .	1
by a main man named uh Doctor Bittel B I T T E L and it 's a very layman 's uh uh approach towards managing different types of people and the very last chapter and i haven 't figured out why that one was last is how to manage engineers	Doctor Bittel 's book left out a chapter on how to manage engineers .	2
A small museum reopened here in 1998 .	1998 saw the reopening of a small museum at this site .	0
Most financial transactions don 't involve cash , and are , thus , recorded .	Most thieves use cash as it can be harder to trace .	2
Half-way through , Mr. Carter interrupted him to give a few cryptic orders through the telephone .	Mr. Carter never got in the way of him speaking with cryptic orders .	2
One must be a little skeptical of Sperling 's personal experience with the game .	The game was built for an audience that Sperling is not a part of .	1
yeah well the Cowboys were America 's football team there 's no question about that so	in the old days the Cowboys were a small team with few fans	1
that was a that was a real good one	That was definitely a really good one .	0
The United Nations must also trust the United States .	It benefits the United States that the United Nations trust the United States .	1
And even his body must have been close to its limits , if it could be killed at all .	His body was weak and very easily killed .	2
Not that she disbelieved in Tommy , but occasionally she was shaken with doubts as to whether anyone so simple and honest as he was could ever be a match for the fiendish subtlety of the arch-criminal .	She knew how the arch-criminal was well trained for this , and how Tommy wasn 't .	1
He was good at talking in silence .	He excelled at talking in silence .	0
yeah we 're we 're going to go see that probably tonight	I think we 'll go ahead and watch it around 8 PM .	1
The siege and bombardment lasted seven weeks .	The siege and assault lasted two weeks .	2
1 . Deputy Director Maxim Thorne says the plan would threaten innovative programs that have expanded the range of services offered , and won awards and broad community support .	The new plan was approved and had a negative impact on existing innovative programs .	1
But that doesn 't mean that we shouldn 't try to address them in a proactive and straight-on manner .	Playing catch up never lets us completely address this .	1
Last year , advertisers spent $ 2 billion on the Internet , compared with $ 35 billion spent on broadcast TV and $ 10 billion spent on cable .	It 's cheapest to advertise online .	1
Folk-dancing evenings are a regular feature at hotels ; and one popular tour is a trip to Camacha 's Cafe Rel ? ? gio , where the dancers are reputed to be Madeira 's best .	Folk-dancing is the highest form of entertainment that hotels offer .	1
FEDERAL MISSION PROPERTY , PLANT , AND EQUIPMENT SUMMARYf Annual Stewardship Informationg For the Fiscal Year Ended September	The fiscal year ended in September .	0
The person in charge of setting it up ?	The person who was tasked with creating the event ?	1
The analysis does discuss , however , what APHIS considers to be the anticipated impact on the U.S. livestock the farrow-to-finish swine operators , the live-hog dealers / transporters , and the swine slaughterers / primary processors .	The farrow-to-finish swine operators do not impact US livestock .	2
Creatures that would refuse to harm children , under such provocation as they received , are admirable .	It 's admirable to see dogs refuse to harm children .	1
A lovely limited-menu cafe behind the garden and a new gift shop were added in 2000 .	In 2000 , a lovely cafe and gift shop were added .	0
probably so probably so um-hum	probably not so uh-uh	2
The largest island in the Cyclades , Naxos is a place of contrasts .	Naxos is the same throughout .	2
does your son work for TI	TI is a leading innovator in high school calculators .	1
and that kind of thing i would i would if if you know what you 're going to do i think that would be important to deal with too because when you then when you do try and get your foot in the door at the various companies the companies that you would possibly want to work for tend to interview more heavily at those locations because they know that that particular school had a good department you know in in computer science or in engineering or in business or or whatever	You will always get hired if you go to the right school .	2
The Tuscan Renaissance facade of S ? ? Cathedral , the single biggest Christian church in India , has a certain elegance to it , despite a loss of symmetry when its north tower collapsed in 1776 .	The biggest Christian church in India is twice the size of the next largest one .	1
We also conducted extensive Internet searcHe 's to identify programs in each of These entities in which actions had been taken to reduce improper payments .	No internet searches were used .	2
yeah but we 've uh we 've done uh many types of camping we 've we 've done tent camping and we had access to a motor home which is really super great if you don 't want to rough it too much	Motor homes are an expensive way of camping and are not popular .	1
Soon he will either have to cross the border to stay or make some reckless raid which will give us a chance at him . "	Soon he will either have to chance a border crossing or a raid , which will give us an opportunity to get him .	0
Artaud 's art is insidious ; its penetration of what we know is so acute , its lucidity so much the equal of its delusion , that deciding where the one leaves off and the other begins can seem merely a measure of our own delusions .	Artaud has never produced any art .	2
The final rule was determined to be an economically significant regulatory action under the Executive Order and was reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget , Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs ( OIRA ) .	The final rule was not economically significant .	2
For now that 's a windfall for all but a couple of states , since welfare caseloads have dropped by almost 10 percent nationally since 1995 .	There has been a 10 percent drop in welfare caseload since 1995 .	0
If there is no place for us there is no place for those who would attack them .	" We aren 't needed . Others can do what we 're doing just as well . "	2
The capital of the island , Tinos Town , houses the icon in the Panagia Evangelistria , a church that sits at the top of a gentle slope rising up from the port 1 km ( 0 . 6 miles ) away .	Tinos Town is 5 kilometers away from the port .	2
Information and technology managers in leading organizations are also adopting processes that help them quantify and align projects with their organizationsa business planning and measurement processes .	Information managers are not involved in adopting processes .	2
Some felt that there had been loss of trust by clients from disenfranchised groups because of a belief that legal services programs have pulled away from discrimination-based initiatives .	THey all knew everyone was trustworthly .	2
The Spanish remained for another 60 years , and Madeira became a Spanish territory .	Madeira became a Spanish holding .	0
He and Anse certainly hadn 't been trying to wipe away the bitter taste of Gainesville by jumping some blue coats in a cantina hundreds of miles and more than a year away from where they had been forced to admit , at last , that bulletless carbines and bare feet could not keep on shooting and marching .	Their shoes and guns were in top condition and fully loaded .	2
well even the you know the non exempts technically yet we haven 't had our salary frozen yet	Our salaries have been frozen already .	2
So did mine , but I saw nothing helpful .	My mail arrived on time too but nothing helpful came .	1
However , the Administrator must still promulgate regulations determining the individual unit allocations for a given year .	The Administrator 's failure to inform of the regulations is causing concern within the department .	1
For instance , the President 's proposal permits the Secretary to allocate funds as he sees fit , without regard to the original purpose of the appropriations .	Under the suggested rule it will be okay to use these funds for purposes other than they were intended for .	0
i know but he 's a man come on men know how to do that right	Come on though , I know , but he 's a man , and men know how to do that , right ?	0
Burly to a tee , these men had the look of predators .	The men seemed to be wimpy .	2
no no in fact see TI actually sends uh test samples from time to time uh	TI sends us test samples every now and then .	0
The Rhine Valley region around Lyon is the epicenter of French gastronomy .	The Rhine Valley region has nothing to do with French gastronomy .	2
A float drifted by , bearing scantily clad mascots .	A float went by in the parade .	0
A small bay bounding the north side of town has Venetian balconies overhanging the water .	The Venetian balconies are lower than the water level .	2
The harbor here , dotted with yachts and fishing boats , is reminiscent of a mini-Rio de Janeiro or various Aegean and Mediterranean ports .	The harbor bears absolutely no resemblance at all to Rio de Janeiro .	2
so that really made a big difference i think in why we chose TI and chose to move this way	There was no major reason to choose TI over any other .	2
In fact , they would be more audible where you were than in the hall . "	They wouldn 't be as audible in the hall compared to the dining room you were in before .	1
Prominent phallus signs often indicate a house of ill repute , with an arrow pointing upstairs to where the action was , but sometimes they were just a shopkeeper 's good luck sign .	The material the phallus signs were made of was also an indication of how wealthy , and guarded , the houses were .	1
But they shouldn 't .	They should not .	0
really i know there 's not any food that you can get and it 's grown on good soil hardly anymore and i know my my husband 's uncle owns a big some acreage in a Eastland Texas which is in West Texas	Food is no longer grown in good soil .	1
I remain of the opinion , however , that the content is far short of the potentialities of the technology .	The content uses the technology to its full potential .	2
The current Clean Air Act has been enormously successful , but we can do better .	The clean air act is successful but could be better	0
okay well uh i haven 't heard the forecast for the next for uh coming up for this weekend or next week so i 'm not sure what to expect i can only guess that it 's supposed to be nice	I haven 't heard the forecast for the weekend so I 'm not sure what to expect .	0
it was it was beyond	It was beyond .	0
All student magicians take up the Medical Art for a time .	Every magician learns the Medical Art for a while when they are a student .	0
Among India 's nature reserves , this is the best known because of Jim Corbett , the audacious hunter of the man-eating tigers of Kumaon .	There are a number of tigers in the reserve .	0
All of the organizations monitored compliance with organizational policies to some extent .	Compliance with guidelines was watched by everyone involved to a degree .	0
Family pictures , friendly photos , corporate ID badges ... ' As of this moment , he is the most wanted man in the city . ' 	This man was the most wanted in the city .	0
Could jus ' be . …	Might just be ...	0
Its population is actually dwindling , as women assert themselves in careers and couples contemplate the economic challenges of raising a family in a congested and competitive city like Madrid .	The population is going down .	0
The delicate Hakataningyo dolls ( the town 's specialty craft ) make attractive gifts , although as works of art for adults rather than toys for children .	The town 's dolls are made for adults rather than children .	0
Fiscal policy choices affect not only how much the government saves and invests but also affect how businesses and households save and invest .	Fiscal policies have absolutely no impact on government savings .	2
Besides the works of the 14th-century masters Duccio , Pietro , and Ambrogio Lorenzetti , as well as Simone Martini , see Siena 's 16th-century Mannerists , painting at a time when the Renaissance teetered on the brink of effete Beccafei 's dreamy Birth of Mary and a highly decorative Christ at the Column by Sodoma .	You should check out Siena 's 16th-century Mannerist group of painters .	0
The Jantar Mantar , set south of Connaught Place , is perhaps the strangest monument in New Delhi .	The monument built for Gandhi is almost as strange .	1
This should have been sent up this morning .	This morning was the best time to send this .	0
Both are assertive .	Neither one of them is assertive .	2
yeah pretty much um the problem is there never seems to be enough money uh i have three children and uh it seems like the more money you make the more money you have the more things that they seem to need and uh of course nothing ever goes down i mean uh i remember you know i have five children total i have three left in the house	Children are very affordable .	2
no i 've got a i 've got a Texan wife and three Texan children	My wife and three kids are Californians .	2
golly that 's terrible isn 't it	That sure is not good .	0
Not aunt , but auntie , mother said .	Mother told me to say aunt .	2
that 's right that 's right i tell you what they uh they they looked like they were just men among boys but they they they fell i tell you	They looked and performed better than they rivals .	2
My fellow Slate columnist Robert Wright would undoubtedly emphasize that our concern over status exists for good evolutionary reasons .	Robert Wright has written for Slate for ten years .	1
but this one is almost all black she 's black and chocolate and silver	She only has a little bit of black .	2
What separated him from them ?	He was forcefully separated from the group of people .	1
Ah ! I understand .	I comprehend this !	0
but but they love it i mean they they they think that they 're getting you know you say um sun room to them and you enclose and you can sell	People hate getting sunrooms and aren 't interested in them .	2
Plans things , Kitchell does , an ' so far his plannin ' has always paid off .	Kitchell flys by the seat of his pants , you never know what will go wrong .	2
[ T ] he New York State Access to Justice Center .	They closed the Access to Justice Center .	2
Cruise gathers Brad Pitt into one of many homoerotic embraces in Interview With the Vampire and soars with him high into the night sky .	Cruise hugged Brad Pitt so tightly that it made it difficult for Brad to breathe .	1
Most Americans reject this vision .	This vision will be refused by the majority Americans .	0
I don 't see that it matters anyway , said Tommy wearily .	Tommy didn 't think it would matter if they went to the show or not .	1
little place to live you know even just a little room or whatever	A room that may not be big , but well-equipped for a comfortable stay .	1
Comparing beneficiaries with mortality rolls to the use of sophisticated computer models for interactive analysis of large amounts of information ( e.g.	Sophisticated computer models are used for analysis of large amounts of information .	0
Looked like Sergeant Muller was in command he 'll come in here .	Sergeant Muller appeared to be in charge so he will come here .	0
Cynthia nodded .	Cynthia agreed .	0
The car park is barely 500 m ( 1.2 mile ) from the tarn , and the footpaths around the water are wide , with gentle slopes .	There are no steep slopes on the footpaths .	0
i don 't want to get hooked into one of these things that you have to watch it every week	I wouldn 't like to be addicted to a television show .	0
In Newsday , James Wood optimistically proposes the One feels behind the postmodernism an old realist modernist grinding away , eager to notate reality ( though in funky ways ) .	James Wood is optimistic to show reality in funky ways .	0
More to the point , is it considered impolite to not make the bed ?	It 's always polite to make the bed .	1
He 's got to do it himself , ' Lincoln said fiercely .	Lincoln said the guy had to do it on his own .	0
Still another possibility is that whites will do to multiracials what the Democrats or Republicans have traditionally done to third-party absorb their most desirable elements and leave the rest on the fringe .	Democrats or Republicans tend to absorb parts of third parties .	0
More importantly , I looked accurate .	I looked inaccurate .	2
A story recounts how a long-shunned medical researcher is finally winning acceptance for his unconventional theories on heart disease , and suggests that new ideas in medicine are often slighted when they don 't stand to make money for drug companies .	New ideas in medicine are often considered regardless of the profit potential .	2
oh okay okay okay okay huh that 's really funny	That is funny .	0
What remains today is the outer rim of the original circular island .	The interior of the island was destroyed by a volcano .	1
Hotels sometimes organize flamenco nights ; even though these songs and dances come from Andalusia , they have become a feature of holidays throughout Spain .	Hotels do dancing nights .	0
You might think the $ 11 million came from the pockets of those who owned Daimler-Benz stock in the 1980s , but that 's not necessarily the case .	The money did not necessarily come from the owners of the stock .	0
The Associated Press raised the specter of people with socially unacceptable behavior being forced to undergo brain surgery .	The Associated Press raised concerns about minorities being experimented upon .	0
His efforts at Coniston ended in tragedy , however , as his boat left the water at high speed and broke into several pieces on shore .	His boat was destroyed as it hit the shore at Coniston .	0
In the absence of legitimate campaign issues , he predicts , this could become a relative biggie .	There is no campaign , he has fabricated the campaign because he 's crazy .	2
And the man history remembers is not the man who really lived . ' 	History has explained it perfectly .	2
An official of the American Names Society says parents have stopped naming their daughters Hillary since 1992 .	The name " Hillary " has seen a decrease in usage among newborns within the last 20 years .	0
Reno brought an ambitious , liberal agenda to Justice .	Reno 's agenda was ambitious .	0
The regulations must specify the procedures , frequency , and timing of auctions .	The regulations need to say what the processes are and when auctions happen .	0
The program also identified the critical manufacturing processes and collected statistical process control data early in product development .	The program identified the critical manufacturing processes and where they would need to take place .	1
The skill , they say , is to find a slot machine that 's hitting ; that is , a computer that 's programmed to pay out big money .	It is not hard to find slot machines that pay out big money .	1
Now you are a god , the witch had said to him .	The witch said that he 'll never be a god .	2
guys that are playing for long time uh they 're playing Duke uh this weekend uh the average age on Duke 's team is nineteen years old	The average age on Duke 's team players ' is 19 years old .	0
The Wall Street Journal runs a front-page feature showing the latest corporate thinking on office romances .	Corporate thinking on office romances is on the front-page of the New York Times .	2
However , the key to implementing a successful career development program is to complement course work with reallife business experience through the use of planned rotational assignments .	A career development program is meaningless without real-life business experiences .	1
Aside from the beach , the Third Street Promenade has become the most popular destination in Santa Monica .	Aside from the beach , the Fifth Street Promenade has become the most popular destination .	2
um i just turned around and looked at my brief at my briefcase my uh bookcase up here and i see Armageddon up there and uh the Shadow of Blooming Grove and Two Thousand and Ten and Grant Takes Command and The War in the Year oh Space gee that was the one i was trying to wade through was Space James Michener didn 't get very far on that	I tried to read a lot of books but didn 't get far .	1
we probably you know maybe go out like once a week on the weekend usually with friends or something we kind of go out um not always you know sometimes we cook the meal at home and have people in	We go out about once a week and on the weekend with some friends , usually to the same place .	1
French and British Ties and Occupation	American and Chinese shoes and shoelaces .	2
And a trip on a lake ferry can be run in any sort of weather .	A trip on a lake ferry can happen no matter what the weather is like .	0
This spring , the government bolstered the myth of financial privacy by cynically folding its KYC hand when its regulatory methods and practices were noisily scrutinized .	Financial privacy is a myth and the government knows it .	1
A veritable Grand Central Station of ferry services , Paroses an island with something for almost everyone .	Paroses island has a large ferry service .	0
Club Utopia ( Tel.702 / 390-4650 ) , on the Strip but not in a hotel , may be single-handedly responsible for reviving the dying Las Vegas nightclub scene by taking the metropolitan sounds of techno and house out of the underground and into a commercial Las Vegas venue for the first time .	Club Utopia isn 't in a hotel .	0
yeah well i wish you the best	I hope you will perform badly .	2
you know her car died on the highway and i happened to be with her and managed to get her to the other side of the road because it was dark and all	I wasn 't with her when her car died on the road , so she had to push it herself .	2
Information An Overview of Technology Challenges ( GAO / AIMD-95-23 , January 23 , 1995 )	There is an overview of technology challenges for computer companies .	1
A walk clockwise around the palace grounds will bring you first to the picturesque Nijubashi Bridge and the Seimon Gate , where the public is allowed to enter the palace grounds .	There is only one entrance into the Imperial Palace .	1
and passed it on to people that were interested	No one is interested in this .	2
Access to local swimming pool .	Guests can go swimming at the beach .	2
The individual artisans ' shops are no longer here , but you can visit a silk-weaving factory , a ceramics plant , and the Foshan Folk Art Studio , where you can observe workers making Chinese lanterns , carving sculptures , painting scrolls , and cutting intricate designs in paper .	You can still find the individual artisans ' shops here today .	2
The Washington Post thinks Harris isn 't targeting either buyers or sellers .	The Washington Post does not think that Harris is targeting buyers or sellers .	0
The fixed portion of non-delivery costs would be expected to change as we move from higher volume administrations to lower volume ones .	They need to be flexible to change .	1
Exhibits are devoted to Scottish pioneers Sir Alexander Fleming and Alexander Graham Bell , among others .	The exhibit featured Isaac Newton .	2
They are dealing with danger .	The military is dealing with the terrorist danger .	1
Unfortunately she has locked herself in . "	It 's a good thing that she 's not locked in .	2
The rental program is under discussion but beyond that there hasn 't been much activity , he said .	The rental program is being discussed .	0
The SBA has confirmed that some agencies follow this practice without objection from SBA .	The SBA acknowledged that some agencies follow that practice without any objection from the SBA .	0
yeah do you think my daughter would like it	Yes , do you think my daughter would enjoy it ?	0
yeah yeah uh we live in a mobile home and that 's probably not typical America but	Yeah we live in a huge mansion actually next to Dwight Howard .	2
Soufriyre is a splendid and perfectly safe place to visit otherwise the monitoring experts wouldn 't let you go .	The monitoring experts wouldn 't let you go to Soufriyre if it weren 't safe .	0
yeah uh well they say your metabolism slows with uh six percent with every ten years of your life or something like that	They say that your metabolism gets slower as you get older .	0
Reducing mercury emissions will reduce the risk of toxic effects from mercury exposure to children exposed during their mother 's pregnancy .	Fetuses who are still in the womb are not exposed to any mercury .	2
For his experiments , he used exclusively this yogurt , it didn 't provoke any unexpected gastric sensations like the natural ones , without those stabilizing E-numbers ( E298 , E301 , E980 ) .	He used any yogurt that he had on hand to do his experiments .	2
But as soon as the miniskirt became part of the adult erotic arsenal , little girls ' dresses sank below the knee , right where they had been in mid-Victorian times and where they still are , guarding traditional female decorum as their elders ' skirts no longer do .	Rebellious teenagers often opt for miniskirts are a result of feeling repressed during their childhoods .	1
The senior executive reported in his self-assessment for fiscal year 2001 that many states in the region have experienced a reduction in the number of highway fatalities since the Southern Executive Safety Summit , which is helping FHWA meet its goal of reducing the number of highway-related fatalities by 20 percent in 10 years .	The SESS helps improve car driving training .	1
Children , siblings , nieces , and nephews all gather at a prosperous estate to celebrate the 60 th birthday of its formidable patriarch ( Henning Moritzen ) , who turns out to have had monstrous designs on two of his own children .	Henning Moritzen had to spend his 60th birthday alone .	2
Rooms have private lanais , refrigerators , and coffeemakers .	Rooms have refigerators with freezers .	1
so and the you know everybody just gives you a credit card just so you 'll spend money so	They want you to spend your money because they earn more in sales .	1
Information on best practices of boards would be useful to help improve board operations , for example in areas of improving communications with management and using external advisors .	Board operations could be improved through information on best practices .	0
uh i don 't know i 'm not a real uh great football follower i guess there are two basic teams that i seem to follow every year one is the Dallas Cowboys and the other is the Oklahoma Sooners	sometimes i follow the Miami Dolphins , too	1
for one reason i wanted i was working on a masters degree so i wanted to stay close to where i was working on a masters degree but also because i just thought that it would be interesting to live someplace else so totally different than my own upbringing and i it changed	I wanted to stay close to where I was doing my masters degree from .	0
She has yet to come to terms , artistically ...	She hasn 't explored her artistic talents yet .	1
She apparently couldn 't recall what had happened to the others .	She couldn 't remember what happened to the other people who had left the city .	1
The Alaska movement , like the Texas one , stems from a libertarian aversion to the federal government .	The Alaska movement is the result of a form of libertarianism .	0
oh i could never do that i was never that brave but um yeah	I 've always been the bravest .	2
However , many of the agency officials and staff questioned the need for standardization .	The staff and agency officials explained that standardization had been a long outstanding need .	2
Plattsburgh for a while he he remembers lots of snow	Plattsburgh can 't remember anything .	2
Tim Hutchinson , R-Ark . , calls the case symptomatic of the casual attitude with which the Clinton administration views issues of national security .	The Clinton administration has a relaxed view on some policy issues .	0
The values of the slope ( rate of increase in total costs ) and intercept ( institutional costs ) are directly related to the population of the country .	The slope and intercept are not related to population .	2
But I should like to know if you are acquainted with a Mrs. Vandemeyer ? "	Do you know who Mrs. Vandemeyer is ?	0
Nor do Hollywood movies show any sign of revising Nixon 's image .	Nixon has a negative image .	1
It was also suggested that boards should effectively use the gatekeepers ( auditors and audit committees ) for help in the board 's oversight of financial management and reporting activities of the company .	The board mess the memo that suggested they effectively use the gatekeepers .	1
Looking up at the interior of the great dome is just as breathtaking as seeing it from outside .	The inside of the dome is more boring than viewing it from the outside .	2
Before an eager audience of hundreds of mathematicians at Columbia University in 1959 , Nash presented his a farrago of mathematical lunacy .	Nash presented to a bunch of mathematicians .	0
yeah they ask you a lot of they ask you a lot of personal questions and they yep and you know they and they just keep talking to you too i i i find that a big pain yeah i think	I don 't care for all of their personal questions .	0
Mieszko 's son Boleslaw The Brave was crowned by Otto III , the Holy Roman Emperor .	Otto III was a historic the Holy Roman Emperor .	0
and but there is a grass that you can use that is shade tolerant but i don 't remember what it is but it 's got like a boot on the front of the book	People who have used that type of grass are happy with it .	1
She 's slated for higher things .	She will succeed a lot .	0
For your travel I am sorry .	I am sorry for your travel .	0
how many do they have like at the Plano one usually	How many balloons participate at the Plano one ?	1
uh-huh really i think that that 's a big part of it i think that 's probably the root and then also that added with all the pressures on the American family today it 's a real it 's a real pain for us to go vote i mean	It is a tasking chore to go and vote .	0
What do you suppose he found when he scrutinized these miles of celluloid with Pitt doing nothing and taking his sweet time doing it ?	He enjoyed his task of scrutinizing celluloid .	1
i had never thought about that i could probably plant one and bring it in and just like i bring my plants in every year	I probably could read one and bring it in just like I bring my books in every year .	2
But not with the hair of a pig !	Not with the hair of a pig because it isn 't good .	1
White -- Not of Hispanic Origin 38 %	38 % of people are black .	2
See here , it was a foreign-looking guy he went off after .	The guy was rather foreign-looking .	0
Sure thing . Tommy nodded .	There was no other way to get it done otherwise , Tommy conceded .	1
West of Piazza Br ? , the massive brick 14th-century Cetel ? ­ vecchio fortress on the Adige river now houses an art museum .	The Adige river is very far away from the brick fortress .	2
uh he had only given up two hits and uh two walks and nine strike outs so he 's he 's back in the groove and a a guy his age this this afternoon here it 's about seventy nine degrees	He had given up 26 hits in two innings .	2
John may live here , but I shall not .	I will not allow John to live here .	2
Across the square is a museum ( Museo Arqueol ? ? gic de Dalt Vila ) , which houses one of Ibiza 's two archaeological collections ( together constituting one of the world 's great treasuries of Carthaginian art ; see also page 37 ) .	The museum has been unable to obtain Carthaginian art .	2
Training and tools are provided to facilitate and accelerate the pace of change initiatives .	There aren 't resources available to facilitate the change initiatives .	2
well that 's good that 's uh	That 's a very good thing .	0
Follow the road inside Jaffa Gate around to the right .	Just go inside the Jaffa Gate .	1
maybe i 'll tune in to one of those some time	Maybe I will check out one of those .	0
This was short and somehow conservative--it had a sincere , executive look about it .	This was brief and restrained - it had a formal look about it .	0
D.C. is succumbing to the money and nerd fascination that has captured the rest of the country .	DC is starting to favor money and nerds like the rest of the country .	0
Similarly , a challenged agency ' ' -one that has longstanding management weaknesses and high-risk operations or functions , such as the Department of Defense ( DOD ) -may also be a good first phase candidate .	The longstanding history of high-risk functions is what places the DOD on the short list for first phase candidates .	1
right and uh while parents very often will be involved with the school activities when the child 's in the elementary school and they get into the high schools so often they seem to drop away at that point and that is just as valuable	They 're not as involved in high school as the kids don 't want them to be .	1
The historic theater district on Broadway has evolved into a bustling Hispanic shopping street good for bridal gowns and electronic equipment .	The theater district located on Broadway has a fair amount of history .	0
And I sat with enough of them to know that the ethanol part of their overall cost statement was an important part , and therefore , I believe that it was a reasonable thing to do .	It was morally correct to commit that action .	1
What does it matter ?	What 's the point ?	0
But it 's all O.K.	But it 's all good .	0
The Japanese have built a great white stupa on Rajgir 's principle hill , which you can reach by aerial ropeway a pleasant way to survey the rugged countryside .	Aerial ropeway is a way to arrive at the white stupa .	0
yeah do you go do you go see them very often	You said you never go .	2
But you 'll notice the Indians are facing east .	You will notice that the Indians are looking towards the west .	2
The primary federal regulator in connection with financial accounting and reporting for public companies is the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) .	The SEC is the primary financial accounting and reporting regulator for public companies .	0
now see i would have never figured that i would have figured that to be a lot more than that for something that 's limited edition	I would never have figured that that car was so expensive .	1
But even old-fashioned puritans have the right as citizens to protest the behavior of their president .	The puritans are not allowed to protest the behavior of the president .	2
The production values are high .	The production values are elevated .	0
and i just i ran out of time really and i i waited until the house was completely finished in the interior and the exterior exterior of the house short of the breezeway and the and the attached garage	I ran out of time to wait for the house to be fully finished .	0
Tuscan painter Simone Martini has decorated the St. Martin Chapel ( first left ) with exquisite frescoes , including a most aristocratic Jesus appearing in St. Martin 's dream .	Simone Martini was unable to begin work on St. Martin Chapel because of health .	2
uh back to the topic	Continuing on this tangent .	2
particularly if you 're hungry	I am always hungry .	1
The Ottoman Empire was weakening , however , and in 1821 , the peoples of the Greek mainland achieved nationhood for the first time .	The ottoman empire weakened , so in 1821 the Greeks achieved nationhood .	0
but i love to read i mean i 'm constantly reading i read i like uh mysteries and i like um as far as improving myself uh i haven 't read any lately but i was reading classical works that i hadn 't read before you know that you might have needed to read in school but that i just didn 't read for some reason or another another or that you know that you can only	I love reading anything , but especially spooky mysteries .	1
I guessed they weren 't hustling any , so I thought I 'd come along over , and speed things up .	I eyed them suspiciously and kept my distance .	2
Peter Greuze sat behind his desk , arms crossed .	Peter was sitting at his desk with his arms folded .	0
It should also be considered that the value in this table assumes conservatively high proportion of boilermaker labor and that the boilermaker trade grows at its minimum target rate of 5.3 percent .	The table assumes that nobody is a boilermaker .	2
In light of the Commission 's determination that the rule would not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small entities , sections 605 ( a ) and ( c ) , 607 , and 609 are inapplicable .	These sections are the forbidden sections no one must ever speak of .	1
loves that 's right loves the little dog loves to travel of course she 's dead asleep before we get to the end of the block and she never you know she sleeps the whole time but she loves to travel	The dog enjoys travelling and falls asleeps on trips .	0
They were paid for by the prominent Tornabuoni family ( his biblical scenes are peopled with portraits of his patrons in the latest fashions of the time ) .	The Tornabuoni family paid them .	0
It now serves just the Government of West Bengal , but with an undiminished number of babus .	The only thing it serves is the Government of West Bengal .	0
There 's a small hole , high up in the wall .	The wall is solid , there are no holes in it .	2
Maybe we shouldn 't save every premature baby regardless of the cost .	Let 's save every baby .	2
You know that only because they say so .	They refuse to tell us anything at all /	2
All possess alike liberty of conscience and immunities of citizenship .	Everyone is devoid of civil rights .	2
give you know the original artist or the original composer the credit that 's really due to them	The person who composed this album should be given credit .	1
yeah i think that uh uh and and you know i i say this because i 'm coming from a i 'm coming from my my uh uh my parents my parents and relatives in Massachusetts are all avid gun owners my dad 's got a big collection	I was raised to use guns well .	1
and it 's kind of almost expected of you anyway people kind of look down on on a you know the role of a woman as a housewife it 's kind of like oh well you know she didn 't go to college and she 's just a housewife and that 's all she does right	People are really mean to women who choose to stay home instead of going to work .	1
so what are they supposed to do with people that they need to put in jail you know	Are they supposed to just release offenders now ?	1
and they told him to sign up for this and he asked me if i wanted to do it and i said sure you know it 's like just you know to help out whatever you know the the more participants you have the bigger	They told him not to sign up for it .	2
He sure can take care of a fella good .	He certainly can take good care of a person .	0
" You ridin ' yourself ? " Shannon paid no attention to the gambler 's comment .	Shannon did not like the gambler .	1
in you know in my younger days i i was interested in what 's the vacation policy and then as i matured a little bit you know i was more interested in what are the insurance benefits you know	As I 've grown older , I 've come to care more about the insurance benefits my work provides me rather than vacation time .	0
In 1981 he was assassinated by an army officer while taking the salute at a military parade .	He was assassinated at his house in the night .	2
4 million - the amount of funding Mayor Bloomberg proposed for the Legal Aid Society by sharply curtailing compensation for court-appointed lawyers under the 18-B program .	Bloomberg did not propose any money for funding towards the Legal Aid Society .	2
The kings and counts and feudal lords have gone from the Loire Valley and the forests and marshes of Sologne , but the hunting and fishing country remains .	Gaming country is still there even though the monarchy is long gone .	0
That willingness drives the business case .	Willingness does not affect how the business case will go .	2
It 's not certain which came first , the famous Ibicenco hounds or the island 's craze for weekend hunting forays .	Weekend hunting forays are unpopular on the island .	2
He is a long He lacks business experience , and he alienated owners with his pro-player stance during the strike .	He sided with the baseball players in the strike .	1
It means ' we don 't even want to have an argument with you .	Everybody wants to argue .	2
With a little cooperation from the community , I think we can implement electronic filing and service of documents .	We will mandate the usage of the new electronic filing system by the community .	2
Carney thinks Yeltsin was feeling ignored and did this partly as a publicity stunt .	Carney 's expertise in Russian politics informed his opinion that Yeltsin was simply trying to get attention .	1
Hell or heaven weren 't like this , either .	They were in Hell and recognized it thoroughly .	2
From here you can then walk uphill to the right , to the pretty hilltop gardens for a superb view of Tel Aviv .	Tel Aviv cannot be viewed from any vantage point outside of the city .	2
1914 : Fighting Breaks Out Between War Correspondents	War Correspondents start fighting in 1914 .	0
well i managed to sweet talk my brother out of uh his Lionel train set that uh dated back to about nineteen thirty three	That Lionel train set dates back to 1933 or so .	0
Next to the church of San Francesco , in a building of 1780 , is the tomb of Dante , who died here , in exile , in 1321 , with a fellow poet 's Here I lie buried , Dante , exiled from my birthplace , son of Florence , that loveless mother .	Dante was in exile in the early 1320s .	0
Number 10 was the home of film stars Simone Signoret and Yves Montand .	Severus Snape called number 10 home .	2
yeah yeah yep i 'm still here	I 'm still here .	0
The majority will be housed on Pro Bono Net using their LawHelp template .	The majority will be housed on Pro Bono Net , given to you with a free toy .	1
so who 's your uh favorite team	Do you cheer for the local team ?	1
hm yeah hers probably would be the best	Hers would most likely be the best .	0
This shop is one that made those big cargo copters they call ' Sky Hooks ' and maybe they thought the things were just what they 're called .	This is the shop were big cargo copters were made .	0
He saw Jon draw a flintlock pistol from his belt and fire .	Jon drew a pistol and fired it .	0
In addition ,	No more .	2
i used to walk and not only did i walk but i used to watch all those exercise programs on TV and i would tape them	I used to tape the exercise programs on TV .	0
As long as sufficient skills are retained inhouse to meet the smart buyer approach discussed above , there does not appear to be any greater risk from contracting out a broader range of design review functions , including such services as construction document discipline reviews and code compliance checks , so long as such functions are widely available from a competitive commercial marketplace .	The smart buyer approach needs specific skills .	0
An audit report is improved when it provides sufficient contextual sophistication to reflect an understanding of the issues and an awareness of the external environment , including sensitivity to relevant trends .	With enough contextual sophistication , the audit report is improved .	0
, is a federal subsidy program , the stated purpose of which is to provid [ e ] financial support for legal assistance in noncriminal proceedings or matters to persons financially unable to afford legal assistance .	Federal funds go to pay for legal assistance for the poor as long as they are noncriminals .	1
A 10-minute walk up the wooded hill to the castle tower gives a delightful view of the town and the surrounding valley of the Weiss river .	The Castle Tower provides the best views of the town .	1
yeah they 're uh quite uh they 're hard to set down because it 's so interesting and course they 're always a little spookier than the movies but uh	The movies are always spookier and more interesting .	2
and get some fresh air in the house and it feels good but	I get some fresh breeze in the house and it 's great .	0
A hundred million PCs , a billion personalized book and CD sales , a zillion cups of coffee ...	Only a few computers were used .	2
The Great Depression of 1929 stepped up ethnic competition in the shrinking job market , and nationalism developed to safeguard Malay interests against the Chinese and Indians rather than the British imperial authority .	The Great Depression encouraged the ethnically Malay to become more nationalistic without regard to British Authority .	0
The Honorable Thomas J. Bliley , Jr . , Chairman The Honorable John D. Dingell Ranking Minority Member Committee on Commerce House of Representatives	Dingell is a ranking member of the committee .	1
CONDITION -The physical state of an asset .	We always want the asset to be in excellent condition .	1
Reorganize monetary policy to confront the realities of a globalized money supply , both to achieve greater stability and open the way to greater growth .	They advocated for the money policies to be on a global level to bring stability .	0
One of the oldest churches in the world , it was the only church in the Holy Land not destroyed during the Persian invasion of 614 the invaders noticed an icon of the Magi ( who were fellow Persians ) and spared the structure .	It was the only church not destroyed during the Persian invasion .	1
The 8-year-old study says 59 percent of a sample of college students think oral sex doesn 't constitute having sex .	The 8 year old study found 90 percent of college students saw oral sex as ' having sex ' .	2
Don 't go borrowin ' trouble nor try to cross a river till you git th ' water lappin ' at your boots . " 9 " Times is gittin ' better . " Crow Fenner rode with one knee cocked up over the horn of his saddle , allowing Tar to drop into a pace at which he seemed to be actually sleep-walking .	Tar was very tired from walking all night .	1
Recordingkeeping requirements are estimated to cost $ 2,500,000 annually for broker-dealers to comply with the rule .	Record keeping doesn 't cost anything .	2
To find the Grace Kelly of European painting , you have to go back to the 15 th century in central Italy , France , and especially the Netherlands .	You can find the Grace Kelly of European painting in the 15th century .	0
We cannot adjust for all benefits transfer considerations , however , thus introducing additional uncertainty into our estimates .	This is due to unknown fees with transferring benefits .	1
all kinds of good stuff go	There are many items of interest .	0
In 1961 CIA-trained Cuban exiles attempted an overthrow of Castro 's regime , resulting in the Bay of Pigs fiasco .	Castro 's regime was attempted to be overthrown by CIA-trained Peruvian exiles .	2
I 'm going to ask you not to open it until the very last moment , midnight on the 28th , in fact .	I ask you to open it as soon as possible , preferably right now .	2
INS published the proposed rule on January 3 , 1997 , in the Federal Register .	Nasa published space rules in 1950 .	2
right there 's a lot of people like you 're educated i 'm educated my husband is but i mean a lot of people are flat not educated and if i have a hard time you know putting that into my life can we put that off on the other eighty percent of the population that doesn 't have any college or i don 't know how much of the you know but a large percentage probably over half of the rest of the population	My husband and I never went to college .	2
The F-22 program is structured to provide the product 's full capability with the first product off the production line-an extreme design challenge .	The full capability was realized as a first off .	1
They mean it .	When they say avoid des Cartes they mean it .	1
It runs from May to September ; stops are at the Tour Eiffel , Musee d 'Orsay , Louvre , Notre-Dame , and Hetel de Ville .	The tour is not as good nearer to September .	1
oh maybe my dropping my phone is that better	I think my phone service is dropping is that any better ?	0
In such situations , the persistence of trusted leaders in encouraging effective member participation was essential .	The presence of trusted leaders kept the group intact .	1
There was a shaggy , monstrous colossus in the distance , taller than the Himalayas--the man who had been beside them .	The man who had been beside them--was a shaggy , monstrous colossus in the distance , taller than the Himalayas .	0
Two women and five children hid to escape the slaughter and told the story to the Roman chronicler Josephus Flavius , who recounted it in his remarkable book The Jewish War .	Two women and five children wrote a book called The Jewish War , which is about the Roman author Josephus Flavius .	2
White describes his wife Katherine , who , very sick in the fall of the last year of her life , goes out into the garden , as she has done every year before , to plant the spring bulbs she knew she would never live to see rise .	White says his wife was very healthy .	2
GAO , based on its own work as well as a review of other applicable studies of approaches to the organization and structure of entities , has concluded that the Congress should consider utilizing specific criteria as a guide to creating and implementing the new department .	GAO concluded that Congress should think about utilizing specific criteria as a guide to create the new department .	0
The United States prefers to use the 1974 benchmark .	THe USA prefers using the 1974 benchmark to qualify current ones .	1
I could feel gazes on my back ; people peering out from between curtains , stealing glimpses through letterboxes .	Everyone came out into the open and greeted us .	2
The French have always wanted to know what it means to be a French ? ­ man .	The French know exactly what it means to be a Frenchman .	2
Consequently , funding appropriations diminished or failed to keep up with the cost of living .	Funding for the cost of living is at an all-time low .	1
Stark was waiting for them .	Stark had no time to wait for them .	2
Jon had known many good fighters and he had trained very well , yet he never heard Thorn arrive .	Jon did not know any fighters .	2
yeah um-hum yeah you can pick it up and take it wherever you go	You are supposed to keep it at home .	2
Jon looked at the corpses of the red lotus assassins and a shiver dug deep into his spine .	Jon shivered after looking at the corpses of the red lotus assassins .	0
Only one other time was even close and it was a memory he buried deep down in his heart .	He tried not to think about what had happened .	1
Albright says her parents expressed vivid recollections of childhood Easter and Christmas celebrations . These recollections may well have been true .	Albright 's parents have retained memories from their early childhoods .	0
Exactly . I looked up at him sharply .	I smiled at him .	2
With tourists in mind , several feast days now offer special events and fireworks which never featured in the original celebrations .	Celebrations now are much more elaborate compared to the past .	0
The Republicans will argue the shortfall isn 't that big , because they are going to cover some of it by onetime dipping into the bank insurance funds--never mind the S & amp ; L collapse , that was eons ago--and , of course , selling off part of the broadcast spectrum-- the most oversold commodity since the Brooklyn Bridge .	According to the Republicans , the shortfall isn 't that big .	0
Also on the grounds is a small , sturdy building , much older than Coward 's house .	The small building is older than Coward 's house .	0
Triangulation Assurance that reasons given for events properly reflect influences from many different sources	It is unlikely that an event would be influenced by only one source , so triangulation is used to find and reflect the many different sources that influence the event .	1
Everything is sold here , from clothing to souvenirs to electronic goods , and the market is known for its street-side food stalls , where you can dine inexpensively on seafood .	The market is known for its ban on selling food ..	2
Enjoying Dublin	Having fun in Dublin .	0
yeah yeah the they sell uh it 's sold in the hobby stores and nurseries it 's got a kind of a peculiar smell to it but	It 's got kind of a peculiar smell and it 's sold in hobby stores and nurseries .	0
oh they 're beautiful sold sold them all yeah	The price they sold for was low .	1
Even on your first visit there 's no denying the feeling that something somewhere is about to happen .	There will never be anything happening when you visit .	2
Of course , it had been there from the beginning , slipped in by the ticket agent .	It was not meant to be there .	1
The two sticks hung loose in his hands .	He held on to the sticks .	0
HUD reports that the interim rule and the accompanying economic analysis were reviewed and approved by OMB as required by E.O. 12866 .	The interim rule is to be reviewed again in 30 days .	1
We estimate that reductions in exposure to fine PM and ozone due to the Clear Skies Act will result in over 6,000 fewer deaths in 2010 and nearly 12,000 fewer deaths in 2020 , as well as nearly 4,000 fewer cases of chronic bronchitis in 2010 and over 7,000 fewer cases in 2020 .	The Clear Skies Act may be carry high upfront costs , but the savings in health outcomes more than make up for it .	1
The cautious tell you not to drive in Naples , where one-way signs are meaningless , parking is impossible , traffic is relentless , and red and green lights can be purely decorative .	Diving is very easy in Naples because of other courteous drivers .	2
huh-uh that 's all right then	Yeah , that 's all right .	0
However , the agencies that we contacted differed substantially in the extent to which they explicitly provided for these modes of comment during calendar year 1999 , and none of the agencies permitted either mode of communication for all of their proposed rules .	Agencies were contacted by us but differed substantially , which made us suspicious .	1
How could a child that young know one kind of paper from another ?	Children under five often can not read so they would not be able to understand what they were looking at .	1
Adequate DO is maintained by replacing the air above the water in the bags with oxygen from a compressed gas cylinder , and sealing the bags or by use of an airstone supplied by a portable pump .	Adequate DO replaces the air with oxygen .	0
Poirot skipped nimbly aside .	Poirot moved with speed .	0
By the time the Crusaders arrived in 1402 it was in ruins , destroyed by an earthquake .	The Crusaders came with a huge army and many criminals .	1
Unless the federal investment for civil legal services is substantially increased , a large segment of the U.S. population will continue to be without access to the justice system .	Many people are unable to afford competent legal representation and lost wages required to seek legal remedies .	1
now my underdog team is the Broncos	The underdogs are the Broncos .	0
well what about the Joe Shmoe who 's an alcoholic and he 's trying to fix it you know but he 's not getting any	Joe Schmoe may be an alcoholic .	0
Nowhere to go , ' White mused .	White mused that there 's was nowhere to go .	0
Sather Karf pondered for a moment , and then nodded with apparent satisfaction .	Sather Karf was furious at the proposition and refused to accept it .	2
oh really i thought it would show up with no matter what amount we	I didn 't think that it would show up regardless of the amounts .	2
Questions from the crowd that gathered included What the hell are you doing ?	The crowd had no idea why the gathering had been called .	1
The French peasants ' cry for freedom prompted another Maroon War on Jamaica , after which many Maroons were deported to Nova Scotia .	French peasants never wanted freedom so there was no war .	2
Happy New Year , everybody .	Happy Christmas , me !	2
Many men have died due to collapses .	The mine is completely safe--it has never suffered a collapse .	2
I needed some air .	I didn 't need any air .	2
The lawyer went across to his desk , and returned with a small newspaper cutting , which he handed to Jane .	Jane didn 't receive anything from the lawyer .	2
However , in accordance with the SAB advice , we use the VSL in the Base Estimate and present age adjusted values in the tables of alternative calculations , Exhibit 12 and 13 .	We do not use VSL according to SAB advice .	2
COMMON COST - The cost of resources employed jointly in the production of two or more outputs and the cost cannot be directly traced to any one of those outputs .	When the output can be identified , that 's what makes it a common cost .	2
Only at the end does it show him wagging his finger about Lewinsky .	Despite all that happened , he still seemed apprehensive when he gave statements about Lewinsky .	1
And even if the costs were a dead economic loss to other jurisdictions , surely there are gains in national pride for recompense .	It will gain money in some jurisdictions while losing money in others .	1
This is a huge country .	This country is one of the smallest .	2
Regarding benefits , HHS discusses the use of the value of a statistical life as a quantifying benefit and the fact that , in the area of transplantation , the usefulness of such a measure is reduced because of the older average age of recipients and the substantial risk of either the graft or the patient not surviving .	When transplants happen , the grafts must be transplanted within 30 minutes .	1
She got up , facing the shed .	She stayed seated .	2
Close to the heart of Old Madrid , this 1994 hotel is surprisingly personal and elegant , despite the somewhat chaotic plaza it sits on .	The hotel is far from the old heart of Madrid .	2
yeah mine too nope that 's about all for mine	I don 't have one .	2
And you _ will _ save our world ! Hanson staggered from the shock of the pain , but he was no longer unused to agony .	Hanson stumbled from the shock of the agony .	0
and they never told us why these two people had such a vendetta against each other and the crime was uh uh attempt to commit murder you know and	I was really curious about the history of the two people .	1
John points out that by 1828 , only 36 years after Congress passed the Post Office Act of 1792 , the American postal system had almost twice as many offices as the postal system in Great Britain and over five times as many offices as the postal system in France .	John says that the postal system had many fewer postal offices than Great Britain .	2
Newsweek has plenty of celebrity-murder news .	It 's not uncommon for murder and corporate theft news to appear on Newsweek .	1
At times , your reporters object that workfarers do menial , unskilled , dead-end work .	Sometimes workfarers are accused of doing unskilled work .	0
hm i did i don 't any more my husband does	I don 't but my husband does .	0
i know we do that too you know and at the first year because i was from the city when we got married and the first year that we planted i couldn 't figure out i mean the well the first year after	I was from the city .	0
yeah and they should give every teacher a a hundred percent raise that that 's the problem is the teachers don 't get enough money and anybody who could be a good teacher doesn 't want to become a teacher usually because they don 't pay enough i mean when i was in college i did a lot of teaching uh for my degree and uh i got a lot of good out of that and i liked teaching but i really couldn 't go into teaching because it was not economically feasible for me to do so	Teachers should be given a one hundred percent raise .	0
For a change of pace and mood , seek out Nishiki Market .	There is a lot to buy at Nishiki Market .	1
The chart below , extracted from the analysis , shows that , with the exception of the first year , EPA believes that the cost of the benefits associated with the implementation of the rule 's requirements greatly exceed the costs of implementation of the rule .	The analysis contained the following chart in it .	0
The newly revised statement more successfully	The old statement is more useful .	2
What form of wonder is a computer ? " Dave shook his head at the old man 's monomania .	Dave was not amused by the man 's enthusiasm .	0
that 's kind of part of it	That 's most of it .	1
When he was ten paces away Ca 'daan saw the deep gash flooding blood down from the slave master 's throat .	Ca 'daan saw blood running down from the slave master 's throat .	0
Not wild ones .	The wild ones ? Yes , of course .	2
The Social Costs of Chronic Heart and Lung Disease , Resources for the Future Discussion	Lung disease often includes pneumonia and bronchitis .	1
because i really want to see it i wanted to see it uh about two weeks ago when i had a chance to go see it but i i went home for the weekend and they didn 't have it playing home	I saw two weeks ago when I went home .	2
that 's right that 's exactly right but uh well i 'll tell you what it will be interesting to to get the baseball season going and see how everything turns out	It will be interesting to get the baseball season started , and see how things go .	0
Undaunted , Chatterbox marched off to a nearby bookstore and purchased What the Face Basic and Applied Studies of Spontaneous Expression Using the Facial Action Coding System ( FACS ) , edited by Ekman and Erika Rosenberg .	Chatterbox has never bought a book .	2
The state legislature helped as well , by legalizing gambling in 1931 and thus solidifying the future of the town , though legislators and residents could never have known this at the time .	The legislature have helped with their legalizing of gambling in 1931 , which solidified the future of the town .	0
But for the ad agencies , indispensability turned out to be a hard sell .	Indispensability was a hard sell due to the lack of data available .	1
The Economic Analysis indicates that it is difficult to quantify the costs and benefits of the exemptions for certain employer / employee payments .	It is not easy to quantify the costs and benefits .	0
That 's the question of your many valuable and important books .	Books don 't stop to ask any major questions , just let the reader figure it out .	2
Cervantes said this is exactly the type of exploitation that can be prevented through education .	Cervantes threw his hands up in the air and said that nothing could stop this type of explanation .	2
and what about what about the last ten years that you 've been aware	Ten years is a long time to be aware .	1
You will be well-rewarded , with small remote villages , hidden churches , and a rural lifestyle to explore .	The hidden churches were constructed to avoid destruction by the Turks .	1
It would be hard for a beginning gardener to go wrong with daffodils .	Daffodils are easy to grow .	2
The truly local art form , found nowhere else , is Ibicenco folk singing and dancing .	Folk singing and dancing are the only Ibicenco art forms .	1
He chose not to attack Church corruption but instead to preach the values of a Christly life .	He attacked the Church corruption instead of preaching Chistly values .	2
" The folly of that they learned long ago . " Don Cazar smiled .	Don Cazar was the wisest man in the town .	1
The metrics described here offer suggestions to be tailored for use as appropriate to particular projects .	This allows flexibility so each project is unique .	1
Valuation of Reductions in Human Health Symptoms and Risks .	Reductions in Human Health Symptoms and Risk have placed values .	0
For most other museums this would be treasure enough , yet in Iraklion there are also impressive Greek and Roman artifacts to enjoy .	This would be impressive in most other museums , but Iraklion also has both Greek and Roman artifacts to see .	0
Such simulations can illustrate the long-term economic consequences of saving choices that are made today .	There are long term consequences to choices that are made right now .	0
Prices of fuels can be adjusted in the model in response to demand	Demand has no impact on fuel prices , and is therefore not a feature of the model .	2
It is expected that the existing fine particle and ozone standards now in place will also result in further regulation of power generators .	All regulations on power generators will be loosened or removed in the near future .	2
OMB Circular A125 PromptPayment , 5 the Prompt Payment Act , and the Federal Acquisition Regulation ( FAR ) , part 13 provide guidance on implementing fast pay .	The fast pay please everyone involved .	1
The Palazzo Pubblico 's ground floor houses the offices of the town hall , but its upstairs chambers , frescoed by the city 's foremost artists , have been transformed into a Museo Civico ( municipal museum ) .	The Municipal museum is situated in a building across the street from the Palazzo Pubblico .	2
But a closer look at Bush 's comments suggests the He is concerned that the party looks mean because of its economic policies , and he is using cultural issues to soften that image by projecting Republican compassion .	Bush 's comments suggest that he is using cultural issues to soften that image .	0
Thanks to David Plotz for giving me the link to the Dalai Lama 's Web site in his Assessment , The Ambassador From Shangri-La .	I could have easily Googled it .	1
Their contribution now stands among the houses along Jalan Tun Tan Cheng Lock , also known as Millionaire 's Row .	The houses along Jalan Tun Cheng lock are known as Peasant 's Row .	2
On the other hand , studies conducted by alcohol research specialists may not provide clinically relevant intervention protocols , are not likely to be noticed or considered credible by emergency medicine physicians , and will have little impact on practice .	Studies by alcohol research specialists may not give relevant intervention protocols .	0
um i like her	I like her because she 's nice .	1
Then you arrive at Grand-Riviyre .	You will get to the Grand-Riviyre in 2 hours .	1
Four vigorous lions stand back to back atop a frieze of animals comprising a horse , an elephant , a bull , and a smaller lion , each of them separated by a Wheel of Law , resting on the inverted lotus that once connected it to the pillar .	There are animals that are stacked up one another , but separated by a Wheel of Law .	0
Little horrible beasts with--with--I can 't describe it .	Sweet , charming little creatures with adorable , little faces .	2
The French postal density is higher at every quantile , but the ratio is strikingly high at the 95th and 90th quantiles where it exceeds 3 to 1 . On average the French postal density exceeds the U.S. by a ratio of 2.5 to 1 . This is somewhat less than the ratio of population density between France and the U.S. which is 3.6 to 1.10	France has a lower population density than the U.S.	2
we 're still using those things	we 've been using those since 2005	1
The policewoman followed .	The policewoman followed them to their lair .	1
yes but we have a bottle return a lot of the northern states and a lot of the eastern states have bottles we 've had five cent deposits on our bottles for years	Western states have a five cent bottle deposit .	2
and i do agree that they keep people that we spend too much money keeping people in prison the jails are overcrowded if they 're going to do well you know let 's do it	We spend too much money keeping people in overcrowded prisons .	0
Velazquez , Murillo , and Rubens are also represented among the hundreds of works on display .	Artists like Velazquez , Murillo , and Rubens are also features in the works .	0
It has an interesting story to tell .	It was interesting to explain what happened when they joined the alliance .	1
Why wait for legislation , if we can act now to drive costs out of the system and lower rates for qualified mailers ?	We can 't act now to drive costs out of the system , so we must wait for legislation .	2
In the last decades of the 19th century , many thousands of Jews of the Diaspora seeking refuge from persecution immigrated to Palestine .	Palestinian people were outnumbered by the thousands of Jews immigrating .	1
How could he ask her to help them when it clearly hurt her so ?	He knew it would hurt her so how could he ask ?	0
how long have you been up there in uh Attleboro Attleboro	You really enjoyed your life up there in Attleboro .	1
Aside from exotic fruits , strange roots , land crabs , dried fish , spices , and nuts , you can pick up spiritual spray for your house , ointments designed to bring you money , lotions and powders for your ailments , or a baby pig .	There are crabs , fish , spices and nuts for sale .	0
uh see i don 't remember i i read it	I remember it perfectly because I read it .	2
There is no question that Congress has expansive oversight powers with respect to agency processes and activities .	Congress needs to have more oversight powers .	1
yes oh yes and she still loves her to death i mean when they see each other you know they just love each other to death and she literally spent	They hate each other .	2
OMB did not approve the information collection as submitted , but required FDA to invite comments on the information collection when the final rule was published .	The FDA was required by the OMB to invite comments .	0
The sequence has the extra dimension of good It dramatizes and comments simultaneously .	The sequence is liked by all because you can comment .	1
Each of the Republican ads acknowledges and answers the public 's desire to see other issues discussed .	The public desires to see other issues discussed .	0
no we have a lot of maple up here and oak mostly oak and maple is is a and and pine of course evergreens up as you get up north into the northern part of the	The oak trees are hardier than the maple trees .	1
uh as i mentioned i 've had seven years of expatriate expatriate service with TI and uh you vote in the embassy uh uh from whatever country you 're in you go to the United States Embassy and vote there	You 're unable to vote if you 're an expatriate .	2
City and rural carriers typically spend between three and four hours in the office preparing for delivery .	Carriers spend about three and four hours in the office , where they drink a lot of coffee .	1
He became tiny , and his lovely skin was the envy of all ladies of documented aristocratic pedigree .	He got very small and his skin was lovely .	0
Fuji pointed out that Kodak had a larger market share in some regions of Japan than in others , and that at different points in the last two decades Kodak 's market share actually fluctuated quite sharply .	Kodak has an evenly distributed market share across Japan .	2
but oh yeah yeah and the Mitsubishi three thousand GT is the same same yeah well that 's that 's that 's the same manufacturer and stuff so they just market them but uh yeah those are and those are supposed to be	The Mitsubishi 3000 GT has the same manufacturer .	0
uh-huh yeah i i think it 's you know at first it it was kind of a drag because i was not used to doing that much of anything and um	When starting it wasn 't that great , felt like a chore .	0
Motorboats from the capital will bring you out here in record time .	You can get out here fast if you take a motorboat .	0
You 'll see sea urchins , shoals of fish , and even small octopuses that make their homes in rocky crevices just off shore .	Sea urchins are the main attraction and are rare to catch a sight of off the shore .	1
right well i guess he 'd have to be careful whether with entrapment or some of those things	He has to be careful about entrapment and things related to it .	0
Buttermere Lake is one of the homes of Lake District char , relatives of the salmon that were trapped here by the changes in sea and land levels after the last Ice Age .	Buttermere Lake has salmon in it .	0
For others , the climb is an exercise in self-discipline and physical purification .	The climb helps with your self-discipline and purifies you .	0
yeah i sure do i try to i mean um	No , I never tried doing that .	2
People who speculate on the odds can be either upbeat or quite discouraging depending on what ax they have to grind .	Everyone who speculates on the odds is a real drag .	2
Walk to Kepuhi Beach , drive to 3-mile-long Papohaku Beach .	You can walk to Kepuhi Beach .	0
The cool season is from October to March , the ideal time for seeing most of India ( except in the northern hills and mountains , where it 's bitterly cold ) .	October would be a good time to visit India , unless you plan on going to the northern hills .	0
b ) Had her reputation smeared by Clintonistas and the media .	The media boosted her fame to an all-time high .	2
i mean well i mean it 's no wonder that we 're getting beat out on everything in the world because those people those other people out there are working	We need to work harder to get ahead .	1
We conducted our work from October 2000 through August 2001 in accordance with generally accepted government auditing standards .	It is impossible for due care to be given if the full 10 months is not used .	1
and uh he was a native and had gone to school there and got transferred to Colorado where i was living	there was a Native American who transferred to my school in Colorado	1
right exactly plus the social attitude you know if if you walk into a place and and uh i know in our office uh our secretary gives everyone a hard all the ladies a hard time if they wear white shoes i think it 's uh is it after uh Labor Day or something i don 't know and and uh so you know the the social attitude has a little bit to do with uh i think the way we dress	None of the ladies in our office cares about what color shoes they wear after Labor Day .	2
i mean a lot of people bitch and moan about the taxes and all but are so are they willing to pay for you know	Everyone loves paying taxes !	2
Here I 'm standing with Borys Dylina'	Borys Dylina ' and I were standing together .	0
can be in day care for a few hours a week or my husband if it 's you know and and when he 's at home can take care of them	My husband refused to watch his own children .	2
It was like a miracle to see the girl I loved turn up in a nurse 's kit " But Julius interrupted him .	Julius interrupted him , because he noticed an inconsistency in what he was saying .	1
Over five years , using grants from the Open Society Institute and the Ford Foundation , the program has grown to 100 lawyers .	The Open Society Institute and the Ford Foundation were not the only organizations donating .	1
okay my views it asked for my views so my views on that are yes i do still consider them a threat	i see them as a threat because they are too powerful	1
Chasms and large boulders scatter across the area but there are dozens of ways through for a long distance .	There were huge rocks blocking their path .	1
yes on the grain of the fabric it drives me crazy	The grain direction on the silk drives me nuts .	1
well i guess we 'll just say good-bye then	We need to end because your husband is home .	1
My favorite strip was when Lucy fell ill and sent Rerun to hold the football for Charlie Brown .	I liked the cartoons that ran in the paper for decades .	1
the same patterns of behavior you mean yeah yeah	Yes , it is the same pattern of behavior .	0
The Bagatelle , once a royal retreat , has a very lovely English garden , bursting with flowers during spring and early summer .	The Bagatelle is very pretty during the spring , with lots of types of flowers .	0
although you still hear about those occasionally	Every 2 or 3 years you still hear about it .	1
As a last hope Jane Finn was to be allowed to escape and the escape must be managed so that she harbours no suspicions of its being a put-up job .	Jane Finn needs to remain in custody	2
Morris Graves , Mark Tobey , and others in the generation later dubbed Northwest visionaries drank deep of both the drizzly , mossy natural scene and of Asian art and philosophy .	Asian art and philosophy was appreciated by all of the Northwest visionaries .	1
City Item Residential Park & amp	The residential park is important to the city .	1
But first it has to grab your attention from a three-quarter inch space on the computer screen .	It needs to grab your attention from a small space on the monitor .	0
Over the 1990s , aggregate household net worth doubled in nominal terms .	Most of this increase is accounted for by skyrocketing valuations for baseball card collections .	1
The route we propose for visitors driving from Paris bypasses Orleans on the autoroute , exits at Blois and , after a side trip to Chambord , heads west on the N152 to Angers .	Visitors may only travel east on N152 due to traffic regulations .	2
This CIO admits that his IT workers are constantly asked to work long hours and undergo a lot of stress though they get little in return for the amount of work they do .	The CIO is aware of the long hours that IT workers are asked to work .	0
Two days later , it passed a second , equally devastating , article by a 28-10 vote .	Two days was not enough time to go over the article .	1
and then you 'll have a realistic assessment of what you 're getting	at that point what you 're getting becomes pretty clear	0
LSC 's mission is to distribute funds appropriated by Congress to eligible local grantee organizations for the purpose of providing financial support for legal assistance in noncriminal proceedings or matters to persons financially unable to afford legal assistance .	LSC has no concrete mission and is free to set its own goals .	2
oh God i stay away from them	I do everything I can to constantly hang out with them .	2
The commission administers about 3,500 public housing units in the Grand Rapids area , including Creston Plaza .	The commission deals with food but not shelter .	2
They are very crowded , especially on summer weekends .	They shut down during the summer months and do not reopen until fall .	2
My appearance was the only thing against me .	My appearance was my key strength .	2
Rode a far piece then , Fenner commented .	Fenner commented on what happened .	0
The pawns were left behind to point guns at one another and look tense .	The pawns were prepared to pull the trigger on their guns .	1
Other new requirements address redistricting , cases involving eviction from public housing of individuals charged with or convicted of drug violations and participation in government rulemaking and solicitation .	They wanted to reduce the number of drug related charges .	1
Emperor Constantine converts to Christianity , making it state religion .	Christianity is the official religion .	0
The 15-year-old died with the band playing on his headphones .	Music was playing when the 15-year-old died .	0
However , for nearly everyone visiting Nepal , the Himalayas , whether experienced from the comfort of a hotel terrace , from the seat of plane , or from along the trail , are at the heart of a visit to Nepal .	Only a small number of visitors actually hike in the Himalayas , but all visitors see them .	1
The boats go on to the friendly fishermen 's island of Tap Mun , in Mirs Bay , with stops in remote hamlets of the Sai Kung Peninsula .	The fishermen 's island of Tap Mun is in Mirs Bay .	0
The mountain statue , his grandmother would say , was the sleeping titan and should Ca 'daan or his sisters make noise in the night , the titan would awaken and roar and kill half the world .	The statue had myths surrounding it .	0
There is , however , one thing for sure .	There is one thing that we all know for certain ; I love you .	1
From the north-coast resort of Rodi Garganico , you can take a 90-minute boat trip during the summer months out to the pine-tree-covered Tremiti Islands .	It may take considerably longer than 90 minutes to sail to the islands depending on the weather .	1
Later it became the palace of the Mamelukes and was a British garrison during WWII .	The building was a historically important place .	1
Now , by using the Internet as its principal medium for disseminating data , the Bureau is able to reduce its reliance on printed	The Internet is the least common way they send out data .	2
After all , one young man is much like another . "	All young men are completely different from each other .	2
no i don 't i don 't get into that too much every every once in a while i will keep in in touch with maybe like who 's in the top five of hitting or something like that but i don 't get into you know how many errors somebody has or things like that	I don 't like the work of knowing all the other details besides who 's hitting the best .	1
By the south doorway , on a vine chiselled beside the head of a girl dancing with a demon , you can find a lizard hunting a fly .	The scene of the lizard hunting the fly took place on the north doorway .	2
well i i live in an apartment building and and uh and and it it 's just just not feasible you know i 'd love to have a dog you know	I 'm getting a dog .	2
let me just quick catch it and i 'll be back	I need to catch this but I will be back .	0
That is the sense in which we are all on the same bus .	Everyone has to fight everything individually .	2
But if so , where was the girl , and what had she done with the papers ?	The girl , who she had contacted and what she had done to the papers remained unanswered questions .	1
Poirot switched off on another tack .	Poirot changed the conversation .	0
A more accurate title for the edifice is the High Kirk of Edinburgh .	The current title of the edifice is not the most accurate .	0
To the north of the church , the Rue Bonaparte takes you to the prestigious Ecole des Beaux-Arts .	There is a prestigious area to the north of the church .	0
If what we 're dealing with is a monopoly situation , then it 's an imperfect monopoly at best .	It might not really be a monopoly , because it has a lot of problems if so .	1
Year-end figures show the murder rate continued falling in 1996 ; among the factors cited are gun-control laws , more criminals locked away in prison , and more cops on the beat .	Year end figures showed the murder rate rising in 1996 .	2
maybe not a case of everybody being selfish every man carry their own fair burden but not somebody else 's	I think if everyone does their own fair share then everyone will be better off .	1
i think we should have stayed longer	We probably should have left later .	0
You 'll certainly find a day 's visit to Kurashiki a very welcome change from the relentless modernity of some of the cities nearby .	There is little need to visit Kurashiki because it 's just as modern as other cities .	2
They 've more chance with you than with me .	Anyone has better chance with you than me .	1
British Neo-Classic architecture here is mixed with elements of Buddhist , Hindu , and Mughal past , and the geometry of its plan exudes the self-confidence of the Empire .	There are more British Neo-classic style buildings here than any other architecture style .	1
He was a celebrity .	He was famous .	0
it 's loud and repetitious without having a great deal of meaning now i do like folk song um and there have been some nice folk songs over the years that you know kind of still hang around	I have never heard any good folk songs .	2
This guide was prepared under the direction of Lester Diamond , Assistant Director , Information Technology Management Issues , who can be reached at ( 202 ) 512-7957 or DiamondL @ GAO.GOV.	Lester Diamond , Assistant Director , oversaw the preparation of the guide .	0
Away from the gardens and playgrounds , the quarter has its seedy drink and drugs , pickpockets and prostitutes .	The quarter has no drug or crime problem and is perfectly safe at all times .	2
It 's only about 40 km ( 25 miles ) wide , but a third of Nepal 's population lives here , producing much of the nation 's food .	One-third of Nepal 's people live in this area where most of the country 's food is produced .	0
Though rationing had existed since the early 1960s , it was increased to cover many more basic items .	Since the 1960s the rationing station has been increased to cover more items .	0
As an independent regulatory agency , the Commission is not subject to Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 .	The Commission is not an independent regulatory agency .	2
But important though the resuscitated imperial authority undoubtedly was , the real power under the restoration known as Meiji ( Enlightened Rule ) was in the hands of a new generation of forward-looking administrators , who set about abolishing the ancient feudal apparatus in favor of a modern government based on merit rather than ancestry .	The administrators held the power to delete feudal lords ' accounts .	1
However , they had to protect the shipping lanes in order to get their treasure home , and this meant keeping hold of as much of the Caribbean ( or the Spanish Main , as it was then known ) as possible .	Shipping lanes needed protection from piracy .	0
Naboo Tea Party	Naboo didn 't have a Tea Party .	2
uh the well yeah we uh she 's uh into the aerobics and uh	She hates exercise of any kind .	2
Throughout the story , Ellison uses the symbol of horns , investing them with a number of meanings relating to sexual desire ( the horny young boys ) , artistic creation ( the instrument of jazz ) , and masculinity ( the symbol of a bull ) .	Ellison chose to use flowers as symbolism for sexuality throughout the story .	2
The peace treaty signed at Segauli established Nepal 's borders pretty much as they are today .	Nepal had no distinct borders before the treaty was signed .	1
Political and economic power resided with non-Hawaiians .	Non native Hawaiians had no say in government .	2
if you can do things together that really helps a lot	It is detrimental to do things together .	2
In a type-1 worksharing situation , the mailer or competitor would sort the mail in essentially the same way that the postal service would sort the mail .	The mailer would work completely differently from the postal service in a type-1 worksharing situation .	2
The Capitoline Museums , in the twin palaces of the Campidoglio , have extensive collections of sculpture excavated from ancient Rome , particularly in the Palazzo Nuovo .	The Capitoline Museums are one mile away from the Campidoglio palaces .	2
An admission fee is charged ( good for a free drink and chips in the amount of admission ) ; you will need to take your passport if you wish to do more than hit the ground-level slot machines ( the real gambling is upstairs ) .	You do not get a free drink nor chips with admission .	2
Government saving arises when federal , state , and local government revenue exceeds current expenditures .	Government saving depends on state revenue and expenditures .	0
Prosperity was based entirely on the entrepot handling textiles from India , spices from Indonesia , silk and porcelain from China , gold and pepper from Sumatra , camphor from Borneo , sandalwood from Timor , and Malay tin from Perak .	Property was entirely dependent on the entrepot handling exports from the East .	0
The Fuji Five Lakes that form a crescent around the north side of the peak offer delightful opportunities for fishing , boating , and hiking .	The area is very focused on natural activities .	1
White himself was carrying a suitcase , presumably to help him blend in .	White wanted to blend in with the crowd of lawyers .	1
The master was Cole	The master of the house was known as Cole .	1
The cheers got cheerier .	The crowd got louder .	1
It looks rather eager . "	It appears to be uninterested .	2
and you 're going to be able to buy your what was no wait	You can purchase what you want immediately .	0
Exactly . Au revoir ! Whittington looked almost genial again , a reversion that aroused in Tuppence a faint misgiving .	Tuppence felt confident after her conversation with Whittington .	2
Yes , but what ?	When was that ?	1
This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and shallow-water work , giving you an opportunity to try out the basic techniques before committing yourself a full open-water course .	This gives you a chance to test foundational methods before a commitment to a full open water course .	0
In the purely visual sphere , style has been a national preoccupation from the Renaissance masters such as Michelangelo and Leo ? ­ nardo da Vinci to the grandiose cinematographic fantasies of Fellini and Visconti in the modern era .	The nation puts little importance on visual style .	2
The WP points out that the scandal has been good media business , with USAT distributing an extra 500,000 copies of its weekend edition , the WP printing about 15,000 copies of its daily run , Time adding 100,000 copies to its usual newsstand run of 250,000 , CNN 's viewership up about 40 percent , and ABC 's Nightline and This Week experiencing pronounced ratings increases .	The WP will not need to file for bankruptcy .	1
IPM Is Well Suited to Model Multi-Emission Control Programs	IPM has been prepping for months to run the program .	1
Roxanne the the secretary	Roxanne worked as a secretary	0
Any young feller what knows how to handle a gun , he 's welcome "	We need more capable men here who can defend themselves .	1
You are right that there was no obvious winner in your wager--not you , your friend , or even , alas , the president .	The President was the obvious winner in the wager .	2
but there are several people who are who are just super capable but to get this nobody with the kind of baggage that he 's carrying	They had several capable options , but they got a person with a lot of negatives .	0
There 's one thing I don 't get clearly , said Julius .	Julius said that his wife understood it .	1
It was colder than it should be and there was green at the window .	It was colder than it should be and there was the color green at the window .	0
This is a man who was told on a daily basis that he was an idiot and he kept going anyway .	The man was constantly told he was idiotic and he ignored it .	0
Therefore , he took the risk , the great risk , of coming in here .	It was safe for him to come here .	2
One is the use of air conditioning simulation and the second is for the use of full environmental cells for air conditioning testing .	The tests are affected by the air conditioning .	1
Critics rediscover the virtues of Arthur Dove ( 1880-1946 ) , the first American painter ( and arguably the first painter anywhere ) to abandon representation .	Arthur Dove was an insignificant musician .	2
Three , operating managers in the private sector , based on their extensive experience , are allowed to prepare mental estimates of what costs probably are .	Mental estimates are allowable due to the manager 's experience .	0
I 've a sort of feeling that you 'd know in a minute if I didn 't tell the truth , and so you might as well know all about it from the beginning .	Even if I was dishonest to you , you would never know .	2
To allay Russian concerns , NATO has offered not to deploy nuclear forces in Eastern Europe .	NATO said they would not deploy nuclear forces in Eastern Europe .	0
The real war in Kosovo is featured inside , as it is in Newsweek . Time berates NATO for its self-congratulatory and ill-timed birthday celebrations .	Time is unhappy with NATO for the birthday celebrations .	0
That 's what I will speak to you about today .	I will not talk with you today .	2
Puts me in mind of Boswell 's description of what in the 18 th century was called a hypochodriack , what we 'd call a	Besides being like Boswell 's 18 th century hypochodriack , it can also be called other things .	1
The building is really a series of additions to an original structure , although the overall effect is one of elegance and superb proportion .	The additions to the original structure were clumsy and awkward .	2
Now , all--or at any rate , quiz participants all--smirk knowingly at the dark desires implicit in a photo of Santa embracing a comely lad , embellished with the most potent of pederast symbols , baseball paraphernalia .	The participants knew that the picture of Santa was wrong and disapproved .	2
The first alternative C-R function is based on the relative risk of 1.16 from the Fine Particles Alone , Regional Adjustment Random Effects model reported in Table 46 of the HEI report .	The first alternative C-R function is based on the relative risk from large particles .	2
The Chinese won 't tell us how to use any of our really good bombs .	The Chinese don 't want us to gain any sort of advantage	1
In addition to the famo us shrines , you can explore more of this attractively scenic peninsula , with its national park , the haunting image of the sacred wedded rocks at Futamigaura beach , and the resort town of Kashikojima at the southern end of the Kintetsu railway 's Shima line .	There isn 't much to see , once you 're done with the shrines , the rest is pretty dull .	2
it 's eight percent down there	It is an eight percent rate there .	0
Movie stars can control their images .	Movie stars have public relations agents that help them with their image .	1
Best Practices of Leading Commercial Companies	The leading companies all have certain best practices that they share in common .	1
The modern Republic of Turkey dates only from 1923 , but the history of the land within its borders stretches back to the dawn of humanity .	Prior to 1923 , Turkey didn 't exist .	1
That loan raised their payments to $ 2,051 a month , or 84 percent of their current monthly income .	They have to allocate more than $ 2000 a month for loan payment .	0
The marauders , drunk on victory , cut at them with sharp knives .	The marauders were defeated .	2
Which is not exactly a No .	It isn 't exactly a no , but it 's definitely not a yes .	1
Newsweek says physicists are studying the movement of bird flocks to improve auto traffic on freeways and pedestrian traffic at stadium events .	Improving the flow of auto traffic on freeways is one of the reasons physicists are studying bird flocks .	0
Auditors may wish to attach the comment letter to the audit report to provide the reader with both points of view .	Auditors can help the reader with more than one point of view .	0
Films with Mandarin dialogue also have Chinese subtitles , for the benefit of Cantonese speakers , and sometimes subtitles in English .	Films in Mandarin always have English subtitles .	2
After slowing to 3.2 percent over the 1970s and 1980s and further to only 2.4 percent in the early 1990s , annual GDP growth accelerated to an average of 4.3 percent from 1995 to 2000 .	Between 1995 and 2000 , GDP growth declined by -5 percent .	2
But you want faster .	You want quicker .	0
HERITAGE ASSETS ANNUAL STEWARDSHIP INFORMATION	There is financial information about the Heritage assets .	1
uh you may be called up twenty times and one person will only be called up once but uh	People are called a different number of times .	0
I remarked .	A remark was given .	0
now my cat i 've had her for eight or nine years i had her spayed and i had her declawed which you know was an initial expense but then she has not been sick one day i have never had her to the vet other than just her you know her maintenance stuff and it seems like whenever i 've had a dog you know something always they 're always getting sick or you know breaking a leg or	Oh , no . I refuse to commit such a heinous , barbaric act as declawing my cat . That 's inhumane !	2
yeah that 's true there are there is a little segment little segment up near McKinney and up near um uh they said out near Wylie there 's some some little areas where the soil is completely sandy and then it it uh goes back into the black gumbo around it	In some areas , there is water everywhere .	2
He must parry opponents ' attacks better .	He hadn 't practiced parrying techniques recently .	1
I 'm not even standing , said Adrin .	Adrin was laying down .	1
In blunt summary ( I 'm running out of time ) , perhaps asking us ( the unwashed masses ) to shell out 20 bucks a year for the privilege of staring longer at this stinkin ' monitor for an hour or two more a week , when we 'd rather bail outta this rotten sweatshop before the sun goes down , won 't be as appealing an expenditure for our meager discretionary income as say , three pitchers of beer or a couple of baseball game tickets .	I would rather spend 20 bucks a year to stare at this monitor an hour or two more a week , than go to a baseball game .	2
Scrambling and scrabbling around , I found an instruction manual buried under one of the consoles .	I found the manual under the computer so I could turn it on .	1
Privately , I hoped it might remain so , for what happiness could there be for Mary , if John were not acquitted ?	If John is not acquitted , Mary cannot be happy .	0
that Famous Home Video is what 's opposite it here i don 't know up there but um i like that because it it really makes me laugh people send in have you ever watched that where they	The Famous Home Video program really makes me laugh .	0
No definitive number of Americans who went over to the enemy is available , but Moorer indicated there were scores .	We know the exact amount of Americans who went over to the enemy , but their were no scores .	2
In the window was a big roll-top desk strewn with papers at which the master of the house was sitting .	The window showed the master of the house sitting on a desk .	2
Starr is much more likely to be interested in Steele herself and in why she changed her story .	Starr will ask her questions about her story .	1
Fate seems to have chosen you out to be mixed up in this . " Tommy indulged in a chuckle .	It was not your destiny to be involved in this .	2
This is usually accompanied by the laouto , a variation of the mandolin ; the askomantoura , Cretan bagpipes ; and the habioli , the shepherd 's flute .	The askomantoura were ancient Persian flutes that could produce marvelous sounds .	2
A place to share materials , information and best practices documents , orientation packages , training ideas .	A place to exchange ideas , information and materials .	0
that 's interesting that the military saw that and did something about it you would have expected them to be the last ones to	I am surprised that the military did that .	0
so that 's really not roughing it so much but	That is definitely what one would call roughing it .	2
Overall , though , the agency representatives questioned the need for a standardized approach to using IT to facilitate public participation in rulemaking .	The agency representatives questioned the need for a standardized approach	0
This fact may be what makes the fashion journalist hate her job--the painful sense that real work cannot be done in this genre , that it would be better , more honorable , to be writing about something else .	The fashion journalist may come to loathe their career when they realize another niche could be more honor worthy .	0
EXECUTORY CONTRACT - A contract which has not been performed by all parties to it .	They wanted a flexible contract .	1
But he never makes clear that buying on margin means that you stand to lose a lot more when you make a mistake .	If you screw up when buying on margin you could suffers more losses .	0
A crashing blow descended on his head , and all was darkness .	The blow missed his head and hit his shoulder .	2
In that case , Customs must stamp the receipt , and you must return it to the shop by mail upon arriving home .	In that case , Customs will destroy your belongings .	2
Fat people who exercise regularly are healthier than thin people who don 't .	Fat people who exercise are still less healthier than thin people who don 't even exercise .	2
In the 16th-century Renaissance church of Madonna della Steccata ( Via Garibaldi ) , Parmigianino painted the frescoes of the Foolish and Wise Virgins on the arch above the high altar .	There are frescoes above the altar that were painted by Parmigianino .	0
someone won 't like it for some reason or some of them will say vote it down and it just goes but	Some of them don 't like it but they have good reasons .	1
I walked a path that would lead once again to the place I was in before Vrenna came .	I returned to the place I was before Vrenna came .	0
and then all you 'll have will be road camping trips you know let 's just go out to the mountains with the car honey and uh	You 'll be camping in your backyard .	2
Her other hand began a series of complicated motions that had a ritualistic look about them .	One of her hands was moving in a ritualistic manner .	0
New York Post gossip columnist Neal Travis last week repeated an item he first ran a year ago , at the time of Clinton 's second inaugural .	Neal Travis is a gossip columnist for the New York Post .	0
Think now , did I ever say to you that I believed John Cavendish guilty ?	Try to remember , did I even mention John Cavendish name to you ?	1
The Petite Venise ( Little Venice ) district is south of the Old Town .	The Old Town is north of the Petite Venise .	0
I got out of the lab , onto the street , and prayed for a quiet night .	I hoped for a busy night after work .	2
four out of five hurt	80 % hurts .	0
On one point , Poirot seemed to have a curious obsession .	Poirot was obsessed .	0
um he 's just one of those guys he 's created such a controversy in Philadelphia nobody wants to touch him right now	In Philly he managed to do some contentious stuff that has not been good for his career .	1
Why , yes .	No .	2
Type-1 worksharing is the simplest kind and is most closely aligned with the plain meaning of the term workshare .	Unfortunately , the term workshare doesn 't have any definitive meanings due to the vague nature of the word .	2
no not really i 'm not that up on that sort of thing	I just haven 't had much of an interest in learning .	1
boy couldn 't you imagine doing the paperwork on that 'd take an army of officers just to do the paperwork	The paperwork would require a legion of officers to fill them out .	0
I killed a child .	I shot the child to death .	1
Justice , said the scout .	And justice was soon served .	1
In particular , to prevent the reoccurrence of energy shortages and price volatility , a diverse mix of fuel sources should be maintained .	We must only use coal to power everything because it 's the most stable .	2
If you have a few days to explore the region , you 'll find a wealth of things to see nearby .	There are a lot of things to see nearby .	0
The most recent poll suggested that the anti-poker forces would win in a More than 60 percent of voters favored banning poker , and only 16 percent wanted to keep it .	Over half of the people want to ban poker .	0
A patriotic one ? The girl flushed .	The girl was embarrassed about patriotism .	1
Computer pioneers John Von Neumann and Alan Turing were also mentioned--big surprise that their names should crop up in an Internet forum .	It was no surprise that computer pioneers John Von Neumann and Alan Turing were also mentioned	0
yeah what 's that	Can you explain that more ?	1
Ca 'daan grew cold .	Ca 'daan 's fingers were frostbit .	1
Spain became a member of the European Economic Community ( now called European Union , or EU ) in 1986 , hastening the country 's modernization .	Spain had previously been excluded from membership because it was not sufficiently modernized .	1
yeah it would be a good experience and you 'd be helping people i 'm sure very much and and i i mean not to put not to trivialize the problems of any immigrant group but i do know the Asian groups are having a lot of trouble i mean and part of the problem is that a lot of Chinese and Japanese immigration from you know decades ago has been very successful because they valued education and so forth they became a very successful immigrant group	Chinese and Japanese immigrants in this current era aren 't successful anymore .	1
Many of the famous vineyards are open to visitors , but tasting is strictly for serious customers who show a clear intention to buy .	The most well-known vineyards are never open to the public .	2
He launched his career there and it seems fitting that he return .	He would never return to the place his career started .	2
In Israel , the liberal Ha 'aretz reported that Labor opposition leader Ehud Barak told President Clinton that a U.S. plan to resume the peace talks with the Palestinians would be well received by the Israeli public if put forward without exaggerated pressure .	There was no indication that anyone in Israel wanted to resume the peace talks .	2
to other companies so that the other companies can recognize our E-mail and now we 're getting into faxes as well right off the PC	In order that other companies can recognize our faces	2
You 'll call me if	You are going to call me if	0
The Prado owns his strained but fascinating battle picture , The Defense of Cediz against the English , and the rarer Still Life of a goblet , two vases , and a pot emerging from a black background .	The paintings get 10,000 visitors a year .	1
The Club Cano ? « Kayak ( 4 Rue Moulin des Orphelins ) rents canoes and kayaks for the river Canche .	The Canche river can only be seen by sailing in canoes or kayaks .	1
Wants to have th ' say ' bout everything includin ' wot goes on at th ' Range which he ain 't never goin ' t ' have as long as Don Cazar kin sit th ' saddle an ' ride .	Don Cazar has the say on what goes on at the Range because he is the boss .	1
Leaving Azincourt , continue north to Fruges .	Fruges is north of Azincourt .	0
It 's sad , really .	It is really sad .	0
The only undisturbed Royal tomb ever to be found in the Valley of the Kings , it captured the public imagination and fired peoples ' desire to visit Egypt .	Visits to Egypt have tripled over the last couple of years .	1
Seventeen years later , France sent a further expedition , led by Pierre le Moyne , Sieur d 'Iberville .	No further expeditions were sent by France seventeen years later .	2
What run ? demanded Kramenin , with a stare .	The run would be to escape a pack of starving alligators .	1
oh okay so they 've got a they 've got a weak stomach then huh	So they have a weak stomach ? Then maybe slasher movies are out of the question .	1
Another article admits that Tipper Gore is a political asset but warns darkly of her agenda .	An article warns of Tipper Gore having a dark political agenda despite her image of being a political asset to her party .	0
In the future , we plan to study how other nations invest in nongovernmental assets to learn more about how they deal with governance and other issues	We plan to study how other nations invest in governmental assets	2
all right uh you know there 's bumble bee patterns	There are patterns called bumble bee patterns .	0
The folks weren 't there anymore and I wanted to see what it was like . "	The folks were all still there .	2
Elvis knows this is an obsession of mine ; in Sunday 's Chicago Sun-Times I published a long article that questions widespread beliefs about the Texas Instruments digital projection system and extols a much cheaper film projection system called MaxiVision48 , which uses existing , proven technology , and produces a picture its patent holders claim is 500 percent better ( not a misprint ) than existing film or digital projection , take your choice .	Chicago Sun-Times published a long article that questions beliefs about Texas Instruments .	0
Continuous improvement , which compels workers to look for ways to make their jobs more efficient , is de rigueur at companies ranging from Polaroid to GM .	Continuous improvement will allow companies like Polaroid to create products faster and more efficiently .	1
For mercury , the 1996 National Toxics Inventory was modified based on the 1999 information collection effort for coal utilities and the 2002 MACT implementation for medical waste incinerators , and the 2000 MACT implementation for municipal waste combustors was used .	The National Toxics Inventory has not been modified since 1996 .	2
No , now I 'm not playing ! I wasn 't supposed to say , and you , Kudu , now you said it for real , so I 'm not playing .	Kudu said nothing .	2
They have overstayed their welcome and must be told to leave .	They were told to leave since they overstayed their welcome .	0
Historians and sociologists like to explain it all as a continuation of the feudal spirit of rigidly reinforced social hierarchies , with company presidents as latter-day shoguns and middle management as reincarnated samurai warriors .	Corporations are a lot like the old feudal spirit .	0
The Kal 's lower jaw moved in two parts , each pulling up on the left and right sides of his face .	Kal 's jaw had been broken in a fight .	1
The Yankees Are Coming	The yankees are coming for tea .	1
The Australian Federation has a three-tier system of government , under the provisions of a written constitution that includes the legislative , executive , and judicial brancHe 's of government at both the national and state levels .	The constitution of Australia states how the government should be set up .	1
and i had fun that then a few years later a guy i was racing with uh decided to take his boat down for a winter season and so i went offshore with him to uh Saint Thomas and then we cruised uh the American Virgins for a week before i flew home	We were on the American Virgins for a cruise before I had to fly home .	0
But if nothing was a vacuum , this was an extremely hard and heavy one .	The vacuum was invisible .	1
Boards have at least three roles that they need to play .	Three roles must be played by the boards , at least .	0
yeah yeah i like uh what is it on Tuesday oh i think Coach is kind of funny on Tuesday night	I 've never seen Coach before and don 't plan to .	2
Though dwarfed by the mountain , this man was quite large as well .	This man was quite large and carrying an ax .	1
The cab stopped .	The cab stopped outside my apartment .	1
uh it is fun though to buy these bags and go through them because you do find some some uh nice coins i mean people who are starting out collections and need to fill holes in their books can fill a whole bunch of them with these uh with these bags	I don 't think buying those bags is worth it at all , you never find interesting coins in them .	2
On the road to Knosses , look for the Natural History Museum of Crete an often overlooked attraction but worthwhile for those who enjoy geology , flora , and fauna .	In the Natural History Museum of Crete , there are many exhibits on display about the local area 's geology , flora , and fauna .	1
because the Administrator of the Food and Consumer Service had determined it was impracticable to obtain public comments because of the statutory deadline imposed by Public Law 104-193 .	There is no deadline imposed by Public Law .	2
Yes , I said eagerly .	I agreed enthusiastically .	0
Additionally , when GAO issues a report containing recommendations to the head of an agency , 31 U.S.C.	The GAO issues recommendations to the heads of agencies in reports .	0
i i 'm not sure there 's a positive solution for that	I don 't think there could be a good solution .	0
In Great Expectations , she never makes the leap from erotic object to flesh-and-blood human , and that 's not just the fault of the script and director .	She never acts like human in the film vs a sex object .	0
Serious auto racing arrived in Las Vegas in 1996 with the opening of the Las Vegas Motor Speedway , 17 miles ( 27 km ) north of Downtown on Interstate 15 .	Las Vegas has never had serious car racing introduced to it as a city .	2
I should have carried it away with me .	I should have taken it with me .	0
In Bowling America 's Declining Social Capital , a now-legendary article written in 1995 , Harvard 's Robert Putnam pointed out that league bowling in America has been declining for decades , while individual bowling is on the rise .	Putnam wrote the article for Newsweek .	1
These sound like the kind of thing that The New Yorker might put at the bottom of a page , under the headline Pronouncements We Doubt Really Got Pronounced .	These seem the kind of articles The New Yorker would publish .	0
Barnes , speaking at a press conference attended by Gottlieb , said his first priority has always been to look out for Georgians ' interests .	Gottlieb has the interests of Georgians high on his list of priorities .	0
Scholars say it was really named Mons Mercurii , and was the site of a pagan Roman temple .	Some historian believe that , at the site of a pagan Roman temple , it may have been named Mons Mercurii .	1
Dave did as she had ordered , busy with his own thoughts as he discovered what he was to wear .	Dave refused to do what she wanted .	2
'You 're very knowledgeable about terrorists this morning , Natalia . ' 	Natalia had never hear of terrorists before .	2
I next entered a 8 Government office .	I joined an 8 Government office .	0
yeah probably will for a while because it it 's going to be real tender when they	Most likely will for a period of time since it is going to be real tender .	0
Ca 'daan saw the man 's shadow in the red moonlight surveying the other sleeping members of the camp .	The man came running to wake everyone up .	2
The whole thing was prearranged , sham packet and all , with the object of making us think the game was up therefore I fancy that we must have been pretty hot on the scent .	The object was making us think the game was up .	0
uh-huh so that might lead you to a biased uh decision perhaps if you were uh-huh	that could cause you to give an unfair decision	0
They will come here .	It is here that they will come .	0
Many of the people you will see circumambulating Boudhanath are Tibetans rather than Nepalis , and those with long braids and wild costumes are usually Tibetans who have only recently arrived in Kathmandu .	Many of the Tibetans in Nepal are actually refugees .	1
He had given her a piercing glance before .	His glance had the ability to make her feel very small .	1
News junked copies of its original edition to put out the Kennedy special . )	Most newspapers got rid of the Kennedy Special .	0
To News Quiz participants , Wal-Mart means sweatshop labor and easily available guns , but it 's so much more .	Wal-Mart is synonymous with cheap labor and quick access to firearms .	0
Senior Partners for Justice is less than four months old , but already Ginsburg has some of the city 's top lawyers working for some of the region 's poorest clients .	Senior Partners for Justice was formed on a Tuesday .	1
There was a time when you might have apologized for it , but no longer .	It is still something that you would need to apologize for .	2
It is because you have been trying to believe what you wish to believe .	You actually believe that .	2
3 ) So Falwell had nothing to apologize for other than insensitivity--another triumph of political correctness .	Falwell had to apologize for his insensitivity , said the news .	1
They 're not , said Susan .	Susan said they are .	2
Members told us that senior management support for their participation in an information-sharing organization was critical to their success in obtaining valuable information and contributing to the success of the entire information-sharing organization .	Senior management support for their participation in an information-sharing organization was critical to their success in obtaining valuable information .	0
But we nailed him in Antwerp ” thanks to Mr. Poirot here . " As these friendly reminiscences were being indulged in , I drew nearer , and was introduced to Detective-Inspector Japp , who , in his turn , introduced us both to his companion , Superintendent Summerhaye .	He was hard to catch .	1
And if the action goes well or disaster occurs because we didn 't Ted , I was behind this all the way .	This isn 't even going to happen because I don 't support it .	2
I 'll get one . "	" I 'll try to find something , but I don 't really think I could get one . "	1
On the west flank of the handsome Piazza Maggiore , the massive medieval Palazzo Comunale with its Renaissance porch is a striking expression of Bologna 's civic power .	The Palazzo Comunale is to the west of the Piazza Maggiore .	0
It may have been my fancy , but she , too , was looking odd and disturbed .	She looked upset about the news from the police .	1
so whenever somebody would come over your house they 'd always bring some tomatoes well but you grew your own tomatoes	You grew your own tomatoes	0
well i was involved in uh in the in the initial training program because i had to go out and teach or explain to other people what we were doing why we were doing it so i i guess i had a little uh uh first hand knowledge of	I was part of the initial training program .	0
and uh this was you know thirty years ago and it 's happening to me my tax is exceeding my mortgage payment	I have four more years to go on my mortgage payment .	1
While Greek night may strike some visitors as contrived , it is nonetheless an opportunity to see a local art form .	Greek night never has any visitors .	2
I couldn 't help noticing the way he sat cross legged in his chair ... just a tad feminine .	I couldn 't help but see that he was sitting like a woman .	0
But since this will be the last round before the end of the century , shall we conclude with a discussion of the Millennium--but which one ?	It 's the last round before the end of the century .	0
The Cathedral Museum in the Palazzo Soliano includes other works by Signorelli , a Simone Martini polyptych , and sculpture by Nino , Andrea , and Giovanni Pisano .	There are sculptures by Nino and Andrea in the Cathedral Museum .	0
oh yeah it 's really worth it i mean it 's a very good movie and yes i would suggest seeing it at the theater i know that they 're still playing it and they pushed it back to playing it in the theaters until like August	It 's better when you see it in the movie theater because I rented it and it wasn 't as good .	1
yeah we 'd like to	I hate your face .	2
When the big breakdown came , it was properly mathematical .	The big breakdown had challenging calculations .	1
The cash surplus / deficit excludes interest earnings on trust fund assets and interest expense associated with the assumed borrowing .	Certain interest expense and interest earnings were not included in the cash surplus .	0
we save the same plastic container and we yeah we take it with us back to the store and bring it home yeah and we take yeah	We take it home in a plastic container .	0
England was saved !	England was out of danger !	0
But if the administration isn 't buying , its allies are .	The administration isn 't buying , but its allies are always ready to pounce on the issue .	1
oh oh i see oh dear well uh-huh i think those are the same people who have their credit cards uh charged up to the max and that 's just a way of life i guess	Those are the type of people that have their credit cards maxed out .	0
that 's crazy but i think they 're under stress i mean i can 't imagine working in a nursing home like that either because it must be so depressing	I would imagine that it would be fun to work in a nursing home like that .	2
The pictures of mammoths , bison , horses , and reindeer are between 15,000 and 40,000 years old .	These depictions show evidence of a hunter-gatherer society existing here long before we had originally thought .	1
When families live together for generations in the same town and valley , especially when these communities have been forced to pull together in times of hardship , a strong feeling of community is created , as has been the case throughout the history of this rugged territory .	A strong community was created because of the communal hardships faced by the people living in this area .	0
Well , I will tell you .	Well , I will let you know .	0
Oh , m 'am !	Someone is grateful to a woman for all she has done .	1
yeah so it 's time to quit	We 've worked more than enough overtime for the day ; let 's call it a night .	1
Marrying for ( Less ) Money	Not genuinely in love with the partner .	1
and uh oh that thing eat gasoline uh we could suck up thirty gallons in an afternoon of skiing	That engine is a real gas-guzzler .	0
It was along this portion of road , where you 'll now see a sign Emergency Historical Site , that British High Commissioner Sir Henry Gurney was killed during the height of the Communist insurgency in 1951 .	Sir Henry Gurney just became the Britsh High Commissioner three days before his death .	1
Something changed and everyone saw it .	Something changed for the better and everyone saw it .	1
For the first time then he did see a flicker in Shannon 's eyes .	For the first time he saw Shannon close his eyes in sleep .	2
His booted foot moved , but now rowel points flashed in the sun .	His naked foot moved .	2
Arabs and Crusaders	Possibly Arabs and Crusaders	1
'I ... did he ? '	There was ample confusion in the house over whether he had accomplished the deed .	1
Much of this is overproof rum , the basis o f intoxicating rum punches .	The rum is not at all considered an overproof rum .	2
With a sudden fear clutching at her heart , Tuppence ran to the bed .	Tuppence calmly walked to the bed .	2
Nothing more .	Nothing greater than that .	0
and we got here and we just couldn 't believe how warm it was i mean it was in the fifties and we were taking off our winter coats and we were all dressed like Eskimos and uh and then soon after we had this big ice storm uh where everything was just covered with like an inch of ice and everybody uh and it was obvious that nobody knew how to drive in this weather	It 's pretty clear that these people are experienced driving in this weather .	2
Economist George Gilder now speaks of America 's cities as centers of value subtraction--parasites that suck social and economic vitality from the rest of the country .	America 's cities are harmful to the economic health of the country .	1
yeah plays for the Raiders	He plays for the Raiders as the QB	1
How do you develop ownership if not through a project that required local funding ?	How do you make developments when it comes to ownership ?	0
uh-huh and Anderson Hunt all their uh their best players i think are graduating	All of their best players are graduating .	0
Thank you , I will . He laughed rather ruefully , as he described how he had discovered a very rare species of fern in an inaccessible place , and in his efforts to obtain it had lost his footing , and slipped ignominiously into a neighbouring pond .	He laughed when he talked about finding the new dog .	2
The capital , Chora Town , is a classic example of a settlement built out of sight of pirate forces .	Because of its location Chora Town was less likely to be looted by pirates .	1
Then he repeated his former manoeuvres with the handle this time with complete success .	He tried once more and failed .	2
As I describe the different regulatory programs , I think you will understand why we believe it is time to simplify .	I believe it is time to simplify the American tax code .	1
it was so wonderful and then i was um i decided well i like this author so i got a uh book of his short stories and that 's been real good	I love reading the short stories since I did not have much time to read .	1
They have only one star , Miller , and no prima donnas .	Miller is their only star .	0
While 70 percent of Americans consistently tell pollsters they oppose extending oil and gas drilling and other development in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , 70 percent of Alaskans favor it .	Most Americans tell pollsters they don 't want to expand drilling .	0
uh things like that but i i do feel like companies are justified and i do feel like i i mean i i guess i hate as an individual that anything like this has ever become necessary in our you know in our nation but but i feel like that it 's a good thing to do	I have no issue holding two logically incompatible opinions in order to please my corporate masters .	1
Eating Out	A step above dining out is dining outdoors al fresco style .	1
Cirque du Soleil 's Mysty The internationally famed Cirque takes the circus to new levels of sophistication in an amazing state-of-the art theater .	Cirque du Soleil has a state-of-the art theater .	0
A stunning picture of a love-starved President driven beyond reason by a passionate young lover .	The love-starved President goes crazy because his lover has left him .	1
There was a certain bulldog tenacity about Tommy that made him slow to admit defeat .	Tommy gave up all the tiem .	2
Engaging Employee Unions Involving employee unions , as well as involving employees directly , is crucial to achieving success .	To obtain success , we must get employees and their unions involved .	0
It was a cushy way to be a patriot .	It was a comfy way to be a flamingo .	2
Instead of using the money it raised from the IPO to expand , though , it lent the $ 110 million to other Chinese state enterprises and then watched many of those loans go south .	It raised nothing from the IPO .	2
uh i mean that 's sort of the overall the meta the meta change as it were uh where that woman really have more of a choice now about what they do	Women have more options to their disposal .	0
Stone after stone , with the greatest dedication the inquisitorial masseuse in the Chamber of Absolution on Saint Street , dragged out of Simon all dirty and lewd thought about Lola Thigh ( name on the ID card - Janina Chubby ) .	Simon lay in penitent thought while the inquisitorial masseuse compelled his lewd thoughts from him .	1
Bassenthwaite Lake , just under 6 km ( 4 miles ) in length , lies to the northwest of Keswick .	The lake is northwest of Keswick .	0
Your computer would have become the instantly searchable repository of all your correspondence , financial transactions , data searches , and phone conversations .	It would have been possible to search your computer for all sorts of data .	0
She waved me away impatiently .	She was impatiently waving me away .	0
uh-huh yeah well i think it 's all uh i don 't think they have uh execution here	Maybe they had execution here in the past .	1
In addition to providing tools to help agencies help themselves , we believe it is our responsibility to lead by example .	Agencies have been provided with tools to help employee more fit people	1
We 've developed an employee feedback system and facilitated an active employee suggestion program that has achieved bottomline benefits , and we have established a Comptroller General Employee Advisory Council , with which I will meet every quarter to discuss current and emerging issues of mutual interest and concern .	Our employee feedback system and facilitated an active employee suggestion program has not achieved benefits .	2
There was a warning in her eyes .	Her eyes indicated that it would dangerous to continue .	1
" My grandson Bork told me all that , " he said .	" My grandson Bork would not tell me a thing , " he said .	2
um and season really same season to season um uh it changes with the weather you know uh wear light clothing i guess if it 's hot out but um	my wardrobe changes depending on the season--i wear light clothes if it 's hot	1
Until it snapped .	It never snapped .	2
In 1854 Perry duly negotiated the Treaty of Kanagawa ( now part of Yokohama ) , opening up two ports , Shimoda on the Izu Peninsula and Hakodate in Hokkaido .	Perry had initially wanted to open up more than 20 ports .	1
so i 'm not sure exactly what they base that on	I do not know what they have to compare that to .	0
Legislation is available online at www.legis.state.il.us.	The legislation is available only in the courthouse .	2
And the Post emphasizes that how much of the collateral sexual material gets into the actual trial is up to the trial judge .	Statute firmly dictates what can and can 't be admitted and judges have no say .	2
Reporting will ordinarily include data in nominal dollars on investment for the year being reported upon and the preceding 4 years .	Reporting usually includes the data as measured by dollars on investment .	0
i 've talked to i don 't think they were students one i think worked at a university university um and the furthest away i 've talked to someone has been New York	I used to work at the same university when I was a student .	1
In addition , the study must address the most current scientific information relating to emissions , transformation , and deposition of these pollutants .	The study does not mention the pollutants at all .	2
We looked in .	We peered in .	0
'Desperate times ? '	Are these desperate times ?	0
And what does it mean ?	How significant is its meaning ?	1
The FRC invited the men to sign petitions for the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban , thereby adding their names to its political database .	The FRC chose not to add their names to the database .	2
But it is not the most vital work .	The most critical work is very difficult .	1
and so they get her off and at the very end of the case after it 's over he 's talking with her and he figures out that she really did do it after all a uh after after he got after he got her off	He only learned that she was guilty after he had already gotten her off .	0
On the other hand , the Kentuckian could see the sense behind Topham 's arguments .	The Kentuckian did not care for the reasoning behind Topham 's arguments .	2
the other one you need to go see is Sleeping With The Enemy	You need to watch Sleeping With The Scammer .	2
'But you 'll have to at least stay here the day .	It is a safe place to stay .	1
oh well you 're doing you 're doing just fine and and uh actually i when i talk i usually like to ask a lot of questions i was wondering what you do at TI	I never ask questions during conversations .	2
The miners were in the western hills in the salt mines .	The miners were in the coal mines in the western hills .	2
they 're expensive to maintain just the chemicals are expensive	The chemicals are expensive , but much cheaper when bought in bulk .	1
It should be noted also that no clients were involved in this event .	It is important to know that no clients were invited .	1
The gilt has gone from the freshly restored facade of the 15th-century Ca ' d 'Oro ( Golden House ) , but it 's still the town 's most beautiful and best preserved of the city 's Gothic palaces and home to the Galleria Giorgio Franchetti Museum .	The Galleria Giorgio Franchetti Museum has a large collection of paintings .	1
Each man seemed eyeing his neighbour doubtfully .	Each man had looked at their neighbor and smiled with optimism .	2
A new school of Jewish historians is more critical of the dislocations caused by Jewish land acquisition , and concludes that it was not always fair .	Jewish historians conclude that Jewish land acquisition was not always fair .	0
I am good friends with a girl , and both of us share a similar interest , namely politics .	We both have the same political views .	1
I will talk to some folks , said Gauve .	Guave refused to speak to anyone .	2
How would they decide ?	They would decide by drawing straws .	2
What is more I will move sky and earth to have the world accept them .	It 's important to me that they are accepted by the world .	1
This creole , a mixture of English , African , and Spanish words and phrases , is still evolving and often indecipherable to the outsider .	There is a mix of cultures present .	0
i would think it would take probably two or three years before people could could completely cut the cord	Before cutting the cord , people would be able to consider the consequences .	1
so i don 't have any real strong ties with any with with the immigration laws i don 't because i don 't i don 't have any personal feelings about them and i i haven 't taken the time or effort to learn what they are	I keep up on immigration laws and current events .	2
It is a matter of auditor judgment to decide how discrepant project estimates and estimates provided by cost models should be to raise concerns about risks of cost and schedule overruns .	Auditors don 't have discretion in determining cost and schedule estimates .	2
he 's the pilot excuse me	He has never flown a plane .	2
These things also hurt her .	She was hurt by the mean things people said to her .	1
What additional information would assist them in more accurately valuing stock ?	What info would help them decide stock value ?	0
Admirable !	It was such a great action .	1
This ancient burial vault is believed to date back to the Han Dynasty ( a.d.25 220 ) .	It 's not a burial vault , but rather a cafe .	2
There was no reason for him not to , no reason at all .	He saw that there was no reason not to , so therefore he did .	1
my folks don 't live in uh Pennsylvania anymore but for a long time i would purposely go back and visit in October	I would only visit in springtime .	2
of uh of uh Indian Princess camp and my uh uh my my twenty three year old has has hoarded all the movies now and and and just sets up the projector in her room and watches them every once in a while uh going back to things like that and	I have one child and she is three .	2
The study , completed in mid-2000 , found strengths and accomplishments and noted many remarkable features from which other states could learn .	Other states could learn from the study completed in mid-2000 .	0
Century Theatre offers a program of performances ranging from drama to Gilbert and Sullivan to English pantomime .	Gilbert and Sullivan will be followed by a re-imagining of Hamlet by Shakespeare .	1
oh i like to uh i think putting is probably my uh forte	I 'm very good at putting .	0
The index can be translated into an expected product defect rate .	The product defect rate will be accurate based on the index .	1
PRE-MODIFICATION VALUE - The present value of net cash inflows of direct loans estimated at the time of modification under pre-modification terms , discounted at the current discount rate .	The pre-modification value is the current value , minus the discount rate , and calculated at the pre-modification terms .	0
because you can put more than one frame into the machine and then you can describe what 's going on you can record microphoning machine then there 's a way to link all that together and once you got it satisfied satisfactory done you can then take it and play it back out of the machine right out the NTSC port in the back to a VCR and record it after that you can put it all on floppy disk it might take several and between on how big a space you 're talking about and uh carry it to another facility if they happen to own an Amiga well you slap it on there put it on their hard disk and away you go	You can play it out of the machine 's NTSC port into the back of a VCR .	0
The Nof Ginnosar enjoys the reputation of being one of Israel 's best kibbutz accommodations , situated right on the Sea of Galilee and set in its own gardens .	The Nof Ginnosaur is known as a great place for partying .	2
We conclude with the Sporades islands .	We 've run out of time to cover the Sporades islands .	2
From Sant Antoni , Coniera appears to be almost hope-lessly inhospitable , but a tiny hidden harbour makes it possible for boats to moor here .	Only small boats are able to moor at the hidden harbour .	1
Its church , the Eglise Saint-Etienne , harmoniously combines Roman ? ­ esque towers and nave with Gothic steeples , choir , and chancel .	The Eglise Saint-Etienne 's is a mundane , unbalanced replication of entirely Gothic architecture .	2
The adjective " old " was misleading .	The adjective " old " made a lot of sense .	2
Although I am a poor typist , I find that I am able to type a document much more quickly and accurately than the above-named software can perform .	I find that I can type quicker than the Word Processing software .	1
Danny Gans The Man of Many What started as a short-lived Las Vegas stint at the Stratosphere Tower has evolved into one of the most popular shows in Las Vegas .	Bob Saget had a Vegas show at the Stratosphere Tower .	2
The theater presents sky shows and IMAX films .	The theater doubles as a planetarium on Sundays .	2
As Daniel Halevy wrote in his diary about a visit with Degas in December of 1895 , We went out ; he talked about France , about photography , about photography , about France , all mixed together with equal excitement .	Degas had no interest in France and never talked about it .	2
There are other pop-genetics arguments against cross-ethnic adoption , and against adoption in general .	Adoption , in general , has many other " pop-genetic " arguments against it .	0
This bipartisan summit , held June 4-5 , 1998 , was mandated by the SAVER Act .	The bipartisan summit consisted of two parties , and was held in 1998 .	1
so it 's just kind of weird	The whole thing is just odd .	0
Microsoft 's position is a reflection of an economic phenomenon often referred to as network externalities ( a k a positive economic feedback or increasing returns to scale ) .	Microsoft will experience increasing returns to scale far into the future .	1
He also legalized the hula , Hawaii 's traditional dance .	Hula was not legalized by him .	2
Gittin ' downright civilized , eh ? Anse brought his mount up equal with the other two .	Gittin ' smart , eh ? Anse easily overtook the other two with his mount .	2
Oh , fantastic .	Wonderful .	0
The attendance of key agency officials-those responsible for work related to GAO 's key objectives- at the entrance conference enhances the opportunity for a substantive exchange of information .	The attendance at the entrance conference is expected to be almost none .	2
huh now in some of the towns around us they 're already picking up the newspapers	Some of the places surrounding us are already getting newspapers .	0
For a good view over the port , the Baie des Anges , and the mountain backdrop , climb up to the little park on top of the hill still known as Le Ceteau , even though its castle was destroyed centuries ago .	The castle on Le Ceteau still stands to this day .	2
The New York Times ' Caryn James says it undermined the whole episode , making Ambush something the show has never been before and isn 't likely to be terminally dull .	Caryn James said Ambush was always terminally dull and this episode was actually pretty exciting .	2
yeah yeah well i got i got tired of the service after a while i mean it i had a terrific job really enjoyed it uh command post	Being in the army was very tiring for me .	0
Possible delivery is used to describe a household or business address ( including apartments and suites ) to which mail might be delivered by city carriers .	There is no name for al lthe addresses that may be delivered to .	2
And until we recognize that , U.S.-China policy will be more fraught than it should be .	The U.S.-China policy will not be as desirable as it should be .	0
Carved out of the rock mountain on the island , the caves may not seem impressive after visiting Ajanta and Ellora , but the Great Cave is 40 m ( 130 ft ) deep and 40 m wide .	The Great Cave , which was carved out of the rock mountain , is forty meters deep .	0
'Just an empty basement . ' 	The basement had no furniture in it .	1
yeah i don 't know that one	I am an expert in that .	2
A new Clean Air Act for the 21st century must build on this founding principle -modernization and better technology will mean a progressive new way to accomplish these long-standing environmental goals .	The Clean Air Act needs to be updated to move us forward .	1
but u h they 're kind of fun to to try get a get a few and then throw them in with the rest of your salad sometimes	I think it is boring to prepare a salad .	2
Before they could even think of accepting contact with the outside world , national integrity had to be restored , under the renewed moral leadership of the emperor .	Accepting contact with the outside world was a top priority of the emperor .	1
You say this is good ' bout fightin ' an ' such ? Drew nodded .	You say this is good about fighting ? Drew moved his head up and down .	0
The city is not merely beautiful coastlines , hit TV shows , opulent mansions in the hills , and the latest in celebrity gossip .	The city isn 't known as a place where the rich and famous live and isn 't a part of the entertainment industry .	2
Your first reaction as the train pulls into Hirosema Station might well be surprise .	Hirosema Station might surprise you due to a giant mural on the building .	1
The hope and the logic is that competing HMOs might have better success .	The logic for the health care in a free unregulated market is that it has worked so well for drug companies .	1
And while their censure resolution may immunize them against the charge of moral indifference , it doesn 't protect them from the charge of indifference to Clinton 's apparent lawbreaking .	They are fully engaging in prosecuting Clinton 's lawbreaking .	2
No , we 're not .	We 're not , because I said so .	1
grim family yeah yeah and they fortunately they have some some success stories to share and i try to tell them to dwell on those i can 't see how they can both stand uh to live that way but they don 't see much uh hope for neither one of them sees any real solution to the to the problems uh	I tell them to think more positively and about the good things they have .	0
Given the thoroughly earned reputation of the Salmon Corp , many quietly viewed it as a triumph .	It was thought quite the feat considering the company 's reputation .	0
DISCOUNT - The difference between the estimated worth of a future benefit and its present value	Estimated worth is looked at as a future benefit .	0
Team 100 donors also received special policy briefings from administration officials and invitations to White House dinners .	Team 100 donors saved many lives , so they deserve that .	1
Then Bauer hit Bush for not adhering to conservative values , being clandestinely pro-abortion , and assorted other sins .	Bush had been criticized by Bauer many times , and his current line of attack regarding conservative values was no exception .	1
it looks fertile and it it um i mean it rains enough they have the climate and the rain and if not it 's like i 've been to Saint Thomas and it just starts from the ocean up	They have the rain and the climate so I imagine the lands would be fertile .	0
Core competencies and supporting The agencies identified core competencies and supporting behaviors for senior executives to follow that are intended to contribute to their agencies ' achievement of performance goals .	Being a senior executive is a very taxing job because of the various core competencies and supporting behaviors required .	1
I rehung it on the wall , put the magazine back in my coat pocket , and crept back to bed .	I put my coat on the coat rack .	1
i get my attitude expressed through them but i find it to be very sometimes it 's kind of shoot yourself in the foot short sided mentality to save a few bucks uh and	It is all around good to do .	2
i think also because they done took some of the pressure off of him	I believe taking pressure off of him played a role in it .	0
Igave a lecture on the American economy in Tel Aviv , Israel , last month .	I spoke about the increasing demand for pay and increasing amount of homeless Americans .	1
Once , Las Vegas showrooms were filled with top entertainment headliners , comedians , production shows , and dancing girls that could be enjoyed at a very low price .	Years ago , showrooms in Las Vegas were filled with top entertainers that could be seen at a very low price .	0
feel bad yeah i don 't drink anymore but i can remember	I don 't drink anymore because I had a problem but I remember .	1
The meaning of Mitzpe ( look-out point ) understates what is the finest panorama in Israel , seen from a modern eyrie set into the rockface some 400 metres ( 1210 feet ) above the desert floor .	The Mitzpe offers a panoramic view of the Dead Sea .	1
well that 's good well that 's really good well our house is older it 's like a nineteen sixty three	Our house was constructed as recently as 2015 .	2
E gypt 's long and illustrious history seems to hold the modern world spellbound .	Everything is known about Egypt 's history .	2
Not that I know of .	I have not heard of that before .	1
We might as well sit down , said Julius , when he had introduced all his guests to each other .	Julius dismissed his newly arrived guests after introducing them to each other .	2
Fire did further damage in 1845 .	There was a fire that destroyed the whole west wing .	1
A key success factor evident in all our work is the ability to obtain the right knowledge at the right time and to build knowledge to the point that decision makers can make informed decisions about moving ahead to the next phase .	right knowledge can empower some beyond their imagination .	0
Although there is no single model for success , many states that are building state justice communities share similar characteristics that can guide other states less far along .	States are attempting to guide each other to build better justice communities .	0
The INA permits and facilitates travel outside of the United States by aliens eligible for LSC representation .	These allowances make it easier for government bodies .	1
and it so that people can come in in the winter time and walk	Most people wait until winter to do the walking	1
However , within each chain ( particularly the Cyclades , the Dodecanese , and the Sporades ) , ferry connections are regular and journey times are relatively short .	Ferries between the Cyclades and the Dodecanese are very expensive .	1
well i think i just sort of uh didn 't start watching it and then felt like i would have been way too late getting in on the action to figure out what was going on so i never did get involved in it	I started watching it right away and was the only one to get in on the action .	2
As a result , the budget process tends to view a dollar spent on consumption the same as a dollar spent on investment because both represent commitments by the government and represent resources taken out of the private sector for use by the government .	The budget process views consumption and investment as the same .	0
The hoped-for convergence of industries and technologies has not come to pass .	The convergence of technology and industry has happened .	2
His earth-filled sarcophagus lies beneath an opening in the crown of the dome , so that his grave can be washed clean when it rains .	His grave is protected from the weather .	2
it 's it 's uh it 's the logistics of the thing that uh that that gets you going	Um logistics are what get you going .	0
And what do you want of me in return ? Ca 'daan shared his tale as the man , Jon , ran his knife over his scalp .	Jon was peaceful and non-threatening .	2
Tourism is making inroads , and restaurants have been designed with day-trippers in mind , but the village remains pristine .	The village has worked hard to remain pristine despite tourism .	1
The Bairro Alto ( Upper City ) is a hilly area full of evocative houses decorated with wrought-iron balconies usually occupied by birdcages and flowerpots .	The Upper City is hilly and has beautiful homes .	0
Pundits debated who was more damaged by the new Congressional Republicans who cried cover-up while the information was under their noses ; or the attorney general , who was unaware of her own department 's reports .	The attorney general wrote the reports .	2
His hand came free and he threw the sun-bit away with a flick of his wrist .	He could not throw the sun-bit away as his hands were bound	2
After that scene , horse racing may seem rather tame by comparison .	Horse racing is comparatively the most extreme .	2
it was earlier in the season she had an affair with this other lawyer	It made her extremely unlikable .	1
like i say really seem to to do well	As I 've said they appear to be doing good .	0
Flashes of light and sound tore through the train- spears of lightning bouncing off the walls and striking flesh .	There was no lightning .	2
Dozens of men and women , each chained by one ankle , surrounded each one of seven fires .	Nobody surrounded the seven fires .	2
From the eastern end of Princes Street , the eye is drawn to a hill topped with a series of interesting albeit disparate buildings .	Each interesting building carries a significant history with it .	1
Another , the one who cried out , was belaboring the flogger with empty fists , and the voice was that of a girl !	A man was pinching the flogger .	2
Also , much of the information maintained by federal agencies , although unclassified , is extremely sensitive , and many automated operations are attractive targets for individuals or organizations with malicious intentions , such as committing fraud for personal gain or sabotaging federal operations .	A lot of information is maintained by federal agencies and is sensitive so it should be protected properly .	1
And , giving away revenue has an effect .	Revenue must be extremely large to matter .	1
think someone can do it maybe i should start thinking about it again	No one can do that , especially not me .	2
Now then , march , went on Mrs. Vandemeyer .	Mrs.Vandemeyer did not instruct to march .	2
This mail is sent by non-households to households and includes utility , credit card , insurance and medical bills as well as advertisements from credit card companies , publishers , leisure services and banks .	The mail is sent by groups , not people .	0
GSA reported that from January 1995 through September 2000 , almost $ 823,000 was saved under the program , and employees received about half that amount in cash awards .	The program saved money by slashing spending on electricity in the office .	1
It added , Signs of weakness will not be overlooked by the market , which exploits every little blunder to its advantage .	The market does not overlook signs of weakness .	0
We knew that while the Cold War still raged .	We knew it during the war .	0
Now would one of those fucking geniuses we keep funding build us a time machine ?	We keep giving money to geniuses .	0
AMIGA is a 200 plus sector model of the U.S. economy that captures a wide variety of technology characteristics and their resulting impact on key indicators such as emissions , employment and income .	Many people in congress have disagreed with the model of the U.S. economy .	1
The construction lasted two and a half centuries ; the ornamentation took considerably longer .	The construction of the church took less than a century .	2
Lico was never seeking this , but the president recognized a quality in him .	Lico had worked hard every day of his life in order to best help people .	1
First negotiating deals with Syria and the Palestinians .	The first dealing between Syria and Palestinians just happened today .	1
Among the Cellini bronzes is an imposing bust of his master , Duke Cosimo .	Along with the Cellini bronzes , there is a sculpture of Duke Cosimo , his servant .	2
well i have noticed a lot uh more women 's roles at work which i like in management which that 's good i i guess to have a woman 's viewpoints and uh in a way things are handled at work especially in personnel type jobs which i think is probably better on the hand of women for uh any kind of maternity benefits and stuff like that women probably understand that better than the men do so i think that 's good	I believe that more women should get management positions in workplaces .	1
The old-established Caveau de la Huchette ( rue de la Huchette in St-Germain-des-Pres ) opens every night at 9 : 30pm for listening and dancing to a small combo or big band swing or bebop .	Music and dancing are forbidden after 8 : 00pm. and those who doesn 't respect it are arrested .	2
Conversely , the mailer could increase his volume if the discount and the associated service are offered .	If there are associated services offered , the mailer could increase his volume .	0
equal to uh most of our competitors	It is equal to most of our competitors .	0
One deplores Microspeak , the company 's hideous , responsibility-avoiding A bug , for example , is a known issue .	Mircospeak 's development team was gutted in the latter half of its ' launch , leading to bugs abound .	1
One year after the auction , the population of Las Vegas had ballooned to 1500 residents , a portent of things to come for the next ninety years .	Residency in Las Vegas increased after the auction .	0
know people at the end of the year you know that have had that money checked out regularly and then it 's like well let 's see i guess i could go get a new of glasses you know	I might get five or six pairs of glasses at the end of the year , since I 'll have a lot of money .	1
The Industrialist said , quickly , " Now you boys have done enough harm today .	It was stated that enough trouble had been caused .	0
uh-huh it 's almost getting to the point where there is there 's too much that	It 's getting to be too little .	2
The political culture of nationalism reserved its approval for those who led ruinous campaigns in pursuit of impossible quests , Ajami writes .	Ajami is a newspaper reporter in America .	1
How come you ain 't knowin ' ' bout ' wet hosses ' ?	He did not have the education required to make good judgments .	1
absolutely and i wish they would exercise it more thoroughly let the punishment fit the crime in this state we 've got a very weird situation going on we 're under federal supervision and i agree to a point i agree with how the system works in some respects in other ways i don 't for first time offenders everybody 's entitled to screw up once we 'll give them the early release credits we 'll give them the good time credits we 'll give them the early parole second trip down whether it 's for the same crime or totally separate one you serve your sentence day for day third trip down this is where my views on it goes way far beyond what the law states third trip down if it 's for the same offense or for a totally different one this individual has proven that he does not want to conform to the rules of society so you kill him period end of story	People should be set free if they mess up many times .	2
Diderot 's Encyclopedie championed reason over traditional religion , Rousseau discoursed on the origins of inequality , Voltaire shot at everything that didn 't move .	The introduction of new beliefs helped reform old-fashioned religion .	0
Last Monday , the Bronx organization filed a lawsuit against its funders , claiming these demands violate both their contract and federal antitrust laws .	All Bronx funders had a good relationship with the Bronx organization .	2
uh coverage uh of the you know you may not even go in to the doctor for a long time but you know if something came up obviously you you know to get covered is important	Getting your health insurance covered is important even if you don 't often see a doctor .	0
And , what was the disposition of those appeals , you ask ?	You question whether or not it was the disposition of those appeals .	0
Better leave that decision to Nye ; he knew the country and the situation .	Don 't let Nye take that decision , he doesn 't know anything about it !	2
if so i at first thought you know when i didn 't have kids i was going God how can you be so protective you know but	Back when I did not have children I thought about how some could be so protective of them .	0
um nothing comes to mind right off so i guess not	I guess not , I 've been thinking for 10 minutes and nothing comes to my mind	1
Finally , we can try to remove temptation , by avoiding policy initiatives that make it easy for politicians to play favorites .	Politicans won 't play favorites if we remove temptation .	0
so that i don 't know if it really hampers or it helps our education system	The teachers would be best to say if it actually helps or not .	1
Forget the karaoke , the bullet trains , and all those mobile phones for a moment .	Those mobile phones are nothing but trouble .	1
well the problem has been in the winter of um	Wintertime is the most common season for a problem	1
But , as in Washington , on snowy days like this , you take what you can get .	It snows about thirty times a year in Washington .	1
Senior executives in leading organizations recognize that a one-size-fits-all solution to establishing information management leadership does not exist .	Senior executives recently recognized the one-size-fits-all solution to establishing information management , something that they have been working on for nearly a decade to perfect .	2
As Bernard says , The labor movement is eternally in danger of becoming a Contracts ' R ' Us operation that only services its existing members .	The labor movement poses a risk of only catering to existing members of theirs .	0
The final rule contains information collections which are subject to the Paperwork Reduction Act and review by the Office of Management and Budget .	Information collections in the final rules will be approved by the Office of Management and Budget .	1
For H-2A workers , representation is authorized if the workers have been admitted to and have been present in the United States pursuant to an H-2A contract , and the representation arises under their H-2A contract .	H-2A workers have to be naturalized citizens of the United States .	1
( Neither Toobin nor Random House returned my repeated calls . )	Toobin and Random House ignores my calls .	0
GPRA authorizes agencies to apply for managerial flexibility waivers in their annual performance plans beginning with fiscal year 1999 .	The GPRA does not recognize or operate based on fiscal years	2
that would be really awful	Nobody wants that to happen	1
Had that piquant gipsy face been at the bottom of the crime , or was it 73 the baser mainspring of money ?	Was that gipsy face responsible for the crime ?	0
This section also establishes detailed default procedures for auctions .	The section sets procedures for auctions .	0
GAO 's work has shown that	GAO has done a lot of work .	0
It was the only European gateway to China , and through Macau flowed Western technology and religion .	Macau opened up China to all European influence .	0
Then these here Rebs , they come right after Helms , was gonna jump him from behind .	The Rebs had no interest at all in Helms .	2
You wanted my uncle , David Arnold Hanson .	You need to get hold of my uncle .	1
Poor communism was inefficient enough that its people were able to accomplish some things despite it , but efficient enough that they couldn 't have cable TV .	Communism was inefficient as people could not accomplish things .	0
The sea has always played an important role in the history of this corner of France , from Scandinavians arriving in longships to Celts fleeing from Anglo-Saxons and Normans sailing to conquer England .	Scandinavian culture deeply influenced life in this region of France .	1
And if the action goes well or disaster occurs because we didn 't Ted , I was behind this all the way .	I support this whether it goes well or not .	0
The market developed during the Fatimid period on the main street of Cairo that connected the main city gates of Bab Zuweila in the south and Bab El-Futah in the north .	The market was far to the east side .	2
Edlin , working his wheat farm , hailed Ca 'daan .	Edlin hailed Ca 'daan .	0
Joe Bananas , 23 Luard Road , is a Wan Chai mainstay for all-night partying .	We announce that Joe Bananas has closed permanently .	2
uh-huh uh-huh it just don 't work i bet i bet	It doesn 't need to work .	1
The whole idea is the brainchild of a German baroness who also owns the Palace Hotel , one of the smartest in town .	The Palace Hotel is one of the most intelligent in town , and is owned by a German baroness .	0
no no i think i think he 'd rather commit suicide than turn himself in because there 's i mean there 's like it 's like there 's no hope you know like what Hitler did you know like if you were going to put on trial you get to live the rest of your life but where	I believe he 'd prefer to kill himself before surrendering .	0
you could go back and and paint the whole thing over that 's uh this is an interesting topic that they would bring up painting because it uh it seems like everybody has a you know to go in and do i 'll just do a little bit here and a little that	It should be left as it is , no painting at all	2
The moral is that it is not hormones themselves but the neural circuitry , shaped by natural selection and modulated by the hormones , that explains our thoughts and feelings .	The moral is that the hormones explain our thoughts and feelings .	2
Ours is not now , nor is it ever likely to become , a civilized culture in the European sense of the word .	Ours is not now , a civilized culture in the world .	0
I don 't know what you 're talking about .	I don 't understand a word you just said .	1
3 percent through some combination of personal , business , and government saving .	The 3 percent does not include any personal savings .	2
Asthma and Air Pollution in the Los Angeles Area Am J Public Health .	Stress and Heart Attack in California H Private Disease	2
It is a hard one to be against .	It is hard to be the one against because the majority do not agree with you , and disregard your opinions .	1
Did he have to settle for UCLA , Santa Cruz or , God forbid , one of the Cal State campuses ?	Were his grades so bad he had to go to one of the bad Cal State campuses ?	1
However , we also discovered that in hundreds of cases each year , the court recommends that a GAL be appointed but cannot do so because the families can 't afford the fee .	There is a problem with the GAL program because it is not affordable .	1
For hiking in Pasadena 's Eaton Canyon , call the Nature Ceter at ( 626 ) 398-5420 .	You can call the nature center if you want to hike in Eaton Canyon and they will make an appointment and give you a permit .	1
Conglomeration may not be back in , but franchising is , and that 's HFS 's whole business .	HFS 's entire business relies upon conglomeration , not franchising .	2
The anti-HMO strategy is also evidence of the pernicious influence of Anecdotal Politics .	There is a strategy to fight HMOs that has been highly successful .	1
You 've got it !	You answered correctly !	1
It could fall any time , said the Kal .	It is fragile , and could be captured at a breath 's notice .	1
The capital 's smartest and most expensive boutiques ( even if you 're not buying , they 're worth window-shopping just for the superb displays ) are conveniently concentrated in a compact pedestrian area around Via Condotti at the foot of the Spanish Steps .	There are five boutiques close to the Spanish Steps .	1
The Ibicencos fortified the bulwarks and built additional towers and fortresses throughout to help shield themselves against enemy incursions .	The Ibicencos invested in gun powder and other weaponry in addition to fortifying their territory .	1
that 's real bright	They could even dim the light a bit , if they wanted .	1
LSC continues to provide assistance to former recipients of TIGs .	LSC provides continued assistance to people who used to receive TIGs .	0
Buck up , old bean .	Be terrible and don 't buck up .	2
The sea beckons many visitors to Brittany , with a combination of a craggy coastline and great sandy beaches , seaside resorts on the Cete d 'Emeraude ( Emer ? ­ ald Coast ) , and small harbor towns on the Golfe du Morbi ? ­ han .	Lots of visitors come to Brittany .	0
Understood what ?	Comprehended what ?	0
Kipling insisted in his Ballad of East and West that never the twain shall meet , but the British have done their best , perching four Gujarati domes on this otherwise very Roman concept of a triumphal arch .	There are domes right next to the Roman arch .	1
it would be a sort of day care but it would be more of a family setting	The day care is better because of the fact that it offers a more familial role than normal .	1
um i think that the way they they levy taxes is a little bit uh crazy i think if if they uh people and and i 'll use Plano as an example uh house prices in Plano were falling and so they decided well in order to get more tax revenue we 're going to have to raise the price uh you know we 're going to have to raise the uh the the uh tax per hundred dollars of value on the house	Housing prices in Plano were falling so they demolished some houses to create demand .	2
FATHER You know , Kaethe , even though you are my sister , and this money was legitimately inherited from our parents , and I 'm giving it to you in order that you may pay for a lifesaving sweat-gland-transplant , which will finally enable you to dress properly , I 'd bet , to an outsider , this whole scene would look awfully fishy .	Kaethe , I know you despise me , but won 't this change your mind ?	1
Many policies are implemented and , to some extent , enforced by technical controls , such as logical access controls that prevent individuals from reading or altering data in an unauthorized manner .	Logical access controls are one type of technical control .	0
The adoption of a value for the projected reduction in the risk of premature mortality is the subject of continuing discussion within the economic and public policy analysis community .	The premature mortality rate is too high for the economic community .	1
The balcony only goes along as far as the boudoir .	The balcony only goes to the bedroom so no one could have gotten in .	1
'Now then , doc , '	Do it now then , Doc , for we have no time left .	1
SCR catalyst is the only specialized piece of equipment that is needed .	The only specialized equipment needed is SCR catalyst .	0
It 's also gratifying to the reporter .	The reporter was not thrilled about any of it .	2
With footpath access and picnic sites , it makes a restful place to spend an afternoon .	There are picnic sites you can enjoy .	0
If we stay together , we can kill them all .	If we stay together , we will die .	2
well i really do i um am an accountant and but i work at home	I love doing my accounting work from home .	1
money seems to be too big of an issue with with with with with with what 's going on today and i i think i think that we may not you know that may be	Money as an issue doesn 't get talked about enough	2
With the advent of the Mughals in 1526 , Delhi alternated with Agra as the capital , and each ruler asserted his particular taste in architectural caprice .	Delhi and Agra took turns being the capital after 1526 .	0
He would save his town or die fighting .	He 'd either save the town or die in the process .	0
In engineering alone , there is a 10-15 percent savings in engineering and project management labor commonly realized when installing multiple units of similar design .	When multiple units are installed , engineering costs go down .	0
But it 's a small amount of money that 's stolen from a lot of people .	$ 10 is taken from each American citizen .	1
well that 's that 's good exercise and i don 't do enough of that either	That is the only great exercise we have .	1
Out on stone platforms , young men perform gymnastics , part of a devout self-discipline known as danda .	Danda is a type of food found in the Middle East .	2
Rather , it serves as a warning that the United States must both save more in the near term and reform entitlement programs for the elderly to put the budget on a more sustainable footing for the long term .	The entitlement programs for the elderly are the highest priority for reform in the United States .	1
If you plan to visit during May , the carnival atmosphere of the Cheung Chau Bun Festival , with its high bamboo-and-paper towers covered in sticky buns , will fascinate the young ones .	The carnival atmosphere of the Cheung Chau Bun Festival is fascinating to young ones .	0
The ossuary , now a chapel , is late Renaissance in the very elaborate Breton manner ' with Corinthian columns , lanterns , niches , and caryatids .	What was once an ossuary is now a chapel .	0
i know it and that seems like all of his books have kind of come from that i mean	All of his books are from similar content .	1
This is the case whether or not any mailers decide on the basis of the price differentials to engage in drop shipping .	The mailers usually don 't differ prices .	1
so i only get to see her on Thursday through Monday and it 's one of those things where they 'll say oh your wife 's not there and i 'll say i 'll say no oh well when is she going to be there and i 'm like well she 's never going to be there yes she 's never going to be here so you know	I don 't want them to call when my wife is here .	1
The large man stepped forward and picked her up in a hug .	The big man was the little girls father .	1
This is not a friendly or honest place , no matter what tales your grandmother told .	The place is unfriendly and dishonest .	0
In the corner near the Seine , facing place de la Concorde , the Orangerie is known for its two oval rooms with Monet 's beautiful Nympheas ( Water Lilies ) murals , but see , too , the fine collection of Impressionist and post-Impressionist paintings upstairs ( see page 71 ) .	The Orangerie has two oval rooms with Monet paintings and other impressionist paintings .	0
It is estimated that this program will reduce NOx by 75,000 tons per year and SO2 by 35,000 tons per year .	The estimations stated by program officials will certainly come into effect with the implementation of the program .	1
Throughout dinner Jackson wore a black silk surgical mask , and the couple was later pictured kissing tenderly through the mask .	Jackson wore a black surgical mask made of silk the entire dinner and later was pictured kissing a partner through it .	0
One is by giving self-help assistance directly through our programs ( such as with the I-CAN system and the statewide websites ) and the second is by enhancing existing efforts on behalf of pro se clients .	Their programs offer no self-help .	2
and we grow a lot of food	We grow a lot of our own food .	0
Thanks to a declining birth rate and negligible immigration , it faces a steady decline in its working-age population for at least the next several decades while retirees increase .	If immigration increases again then we will have enough workers to meet demands for workers .	1
Crazy or not , he took this business of the hatching egg seriously .	He didn 't take the practice of hatching the egg very seriously .	2
there could be yeah there could be and and it came i mean i used to i used to work in Boston which was an hour and a half away	I used to take the train to Boston for work .	1
well thank you very much for calling okay have a good day bye-bye	They are seeing each other later .	1
Now With Extra Spin	Extra spin is now included .	0
If Tinky Winky ( see ) has no explicit gender , how do you know that the handbag , tutu , and so on aren 't veiled signals that Tinky is female ?	Tinky Winky is definitely a male and carries a wrench .	2
guess i bet you can 't guess	You know already .	2
i think any car that runs right now is in demand	Cars that do not run are well received by consumers .	2
right and do we have enough for you know um food storage and enough uh batteries and all the kinds of things	The hurricane is coming , so is there enough space for provisions ?	1
As the 20th century neared its end the Egyptian government sought to revive Alexandria as a center of learning and recreate the Alexandria Library .	The government 's efforts to revive Alexandria in the 20th century were unsuccessful .	1
5 levels rather than mean PM2 .	The mean of PM2 is the preferred method .	2
Figure 19 shows GAO 's human capital profile as of fiscal years 1989 and 2000 .	The figure depicts GAO 's capital from 1989 to 2000 .	0
The goals and objectives of the initiatives being implemented must be transparent to all in the organization .	The goals and objectives have to be very secretive .	2
To provide a basis for discussion , EPA drafted and distributed to participants a set of goal statements and descriptive information on the 13 broad environmental goal areas that its staff considered to be of the greatest national importance .	The EPA did not draft nor distribute any goal statements in regards to environmental goal areas .	2
The building stands in the heart of a living museum of Malla dynasty architecture .	No architecture related to the Malla dynasty remains today .	2
At least there was still light enough for him to travel safely .	There was still light so he could travel safely .	0
From 1506 to 1626 , it changed from the simple ground plan of a Greek crose with four arms of equal length , as favored by Bramante and his arch-enemy Michelangelo , to the final form of Maderno 's Latin croseextended by a long nave , as demanded by the popes of the Counter-Reformation .	The original ground plane was a Latin crose with six arms .	2
Although Arizona Democrats would probably be the largest group affected by any potential Net voting fraud or security breach , the campaigns for Bill Bradley and Al Gore would also presumably be affected .	Net voting fraud wouldn 't affect anyone .	2
Officials in Boulder , Colo . , have hired two ex-stars from the O.J. trial .	The officials of Boulder , Colo have never hired anyone involved in a legal preceding .	2
Ca 'daan saw Jon riding through the slave fires , his rapier slashing at the whipmasters .	He saw the man run and hide from the fire .	2
For a man just off the trail , Kirby , the Four Jacks does have a few of the delights of civilization .	Kirby was just off the trail ..	0
And since he clearly has further political ambitions--he has talked about becoming attorney general or secretary of state , and no doubt thinks of even higher office--the spotlight will serve him well .	He is uninterested in doing anything in politics .	2
Each economic superhero has a distinct personality and style--Greenspan is the shaman , Rubin the Midas figure , and Summers the academic--but together , they stave off worldwide economic panic .	Greenspan , Rubin , and Summer are economic supervillains , one in the same .	2
and he 's cutting it down so that 's all right flower beds are all right anything as long as it doesn 't rub up against the siding	He 's keeping it all , he said he won 't cut any of it down .	2
Maps which display the impacts on PM2 .	Maps show the impact of the EPA rules on PM2 .	1
Where to Eat	Where to get a bite .	0
Although a number of uncertainties remain to be addressed by continued research ( NRC , 1998 ) , a substantial body of published scientific literature recognizes a correlation between elevated PM concentrations and increased mortality rates .	The concentrations have directly led to the boost ubn mortality rates .	1
One example is our Day of Service .	Our Day of Service is definitely not an example .	2
Why , you wouldn 't recognize a frog croaking if you heard it . " Albert looked rather crest-fallen .	Albert looked sad when his friend insulted him .	1
The elegant classical 18th-century cloisters make a poignant contrast with the Romanesque church .	The combination of classical , 18th-century cloisters and the Romanesque church design is interesting .	1
uh-huh you attend a lot of their games	You attend a lot of games .	0
and if it was up to her we wouldn 't have one so you know she feels that kids are too dependent on it also	She doesn 't like the fact that we have one , but it is not up to her .	1
um not nearly as much as here uh i think it 's probably because we lived out in the country somewhat and uh there just wasn 't the emphasis on keeping the yards looking real nice	There is a real drive to have neat yards in the country .	2
It highlights the local craftsmen who helped Kendal and the other Lakes towns to thrive , and provides a comprehensive overview of how the economy of the Lakes has evolved and how the landscape has been changed by man .	It gives an overview of how local craftsmen helped the economy of Lakes towns .	0
yeah and i i just don 't see uh you know a baseball player being worth that or any really any pro pro athlete because we look at that compared to what uh normal people make i mean it 's just totally outrageous	Baseball players don 't do enough work to deserve half their salary .	1
You 'll catch it if you hurry . "	It hasn 't left yet , you still have a chance to catch it .	1
The nature of the hypothesized relationship is that there might exist a PM concentration level below which further reductions no longer yield premature mortality reduction benefits .	The PM concentration level might be reduced without lowering mortality rates in infants .	1
Esther F. Lardent , director of the Pro Bono Institute at Georgetown University Law Center , said the good economic times of the late ' 90s saw lawyers at large firms suddenly responsible for as many as 2,300 billable hours per year , compared with the less time- consuming and more typical 1,700 hours .	Esther F. Lardent claimed that lawyers saw a huge decrease in billable hours per hear for the 1990s .	2
A dollar value was derived for each type of URS , using mid-range estimates of WTP ( IEc , 1994 ) to avoid each symptom in the cluster and assuming WTPs are additive .	Complex mathematical systems are not easily understable by normal people .	1
Information Technology , if leveraged properly , can be an effective tool for highquality , costeffective government services .	Information Technology can help the quality and cost of government services .	0
Are they using financial statements ?	Financial statements are irrelevant for them .	2
i mean that 's their policy they never fire anybody unless you 're caught doing something illegally	They 'll fire you for not doing illegal things .	2
Schwartz replaced former Legal Aid attorney Lori Rubenstein at the Roseburg office in 1996 , although she initially interviewed for the position in 1994 .	The woman got the position after applying two years prior .	0
LeTourneau , 36 , is back in jail , pregnant a second time by the teen-ager--their daughter is now a year old .	A woman who was once a convict and had sex with a minor has once again had sex with that minor and is back in jail .	0
Are the rest in the caves ? Jon asked the Kal .	Kal confirmed they were in the caves .	1
Annual investment is the full cost of the investment .	Annual investment is equivalent to the cost of the investment .	0
Indeed , there are dozens of clinical experiments showing that high doses of calcium either arrest bone loss or even build bone in older women .	Studies have shown that taking calcium doesn 't help older woman .	2
From hospital experience she knew only too well that a nurse out of uniform is frequently unrecognized by her patients .	A nurse not in her uniform is typically unrecognized by the people she helps .	0
The box office is next to the Tourist Information Centre .	Next to the Tourist Information Centre is the box office .	0
These specific areas include knowledge of solicitation procedures , benchmarking and other performance or capability validation techniques , and knowledge of technical areas such as database management and telecommunications networks .	Database management is the most important area .	1
It was now ten past .	And we were running very late .	1
You may not fall into conversation in Dublin quite as readily as in a country pub , but you 'll find that here , as everywhere , the Irish are welcoming hosts .	Irish people may not start the conversation but they will talk to you .	1
However , the achievement did not greatly impress his fellow mathematicians .	His achievement didn 't impress his colleagues .	0
Whatever we may think or suspect , it is better to say as little as possible for the present .	We may think we know something , but better to wait until tomorrow , to say anything .	1
When the auditors ' tests of data disclose errors in the data , or when they are unable to obtain sufficient , competent , and relevant evidence about the validity and reliability of the data , they may find it necessary to	Auditors can test data disclosure errors .	0
said Gauve .	Gauve talks a lot .	1
The lake 's southwest arm is the most attractive for your excursions .	The most picturesque part of the lake is in the southwest .	0
Jerusalem grew , surrounded with a formidable wall and defended by towers beside the Jaffa Gate .	Thanks to its defenses , Jerusalem was impenetrable .	1
Critics say the law -- argued Tuesday before the U.S.	They were going to try to finish by Tuesday .	1
but i guess that 's that 's a different topic isn 't it	I will try to stay on topic .	1
For roughly 85 percent of life 's 3.5 billion-year history , it was entirely made up of single-celled organisms , such as bacteria and algae .	Life has only existed for a few thousand years and bacteria only came into existence in the 1800s .	2
Your pleasure , gentlemen .	Gentlemen , it 's your pleasure .	0
and combined would account for percent of the increase in the IC terminal dues net balance .	The net balance plummeted immensely .	2
Federal regulatory agencies have used both governmentwide and agencyspecific vehicles to notify the public about opportunities for public comment on upcoming rules .	Federal regulators tell the public about upcoming changes and how they can comment on them .	1
'We 'll never make it through all of this ! ' I shouted .	I didn 't think we would make it through .	0
In November of that year he invaded England , capturing Carlisle and driving south as far as Derby , only 200 km ( 130 miles ) short of London .	He invaded England , captured Carlisle , and went as far south as Derby .	0
Santa Monica 's outdoor Farmers ' Market is held each Wednesday and on Saturday mornings along Arizona Avenue at the Third Street Promenade .	The Farmer 's Market is only on Sundays	2
Odd , the other had been successfully turned from his purpose here .	The other guy changed to some other purpose .	0
I told you .	I have never met you .	2
If they have defined work schedules and are not expected to be available for duty on a roundtheclock basis , the T & amp ; A requirements for civilian employees are operative and should be used .	Civilian employee requirements don 't apply if the employee 's work schedule has been defined .	2
Why , Cynthia , you are late to-day .	Cynthia was late .	0
This shortens an unpleasant activity and spares me those final touch-up strokes that often leave me bleeding .	This keeps the unpleasant activity to a minimum .	0
Of course , Miss Howard , I said , " I 'll do everything I can , but I 'm sure you 're excited and overwrought . " She interrupted me by slowly shaking her forefinger .	Miss Howard shook her finger at me and interrupted me .	0
If you 're willing to wander off the beaten track you should be able to find cliff-backed coves with clear , blue water or patches of sand scarcely large enough for two families .	The cove is large enough for two families to swim .	1
'I know they want more than a lookalike , and that 's the other reason it has to be you .	You need to be there because you are the authentic one and that 's what they want to see .	1
ALLOCATIONS - The amount of obligational authority transferred from one agency , bureau , or account that is set aside in a transfer appropriation account to carry out the purpose of the parent appropriation or fund .	Allocations are normally performed by large federal agencies .	1
This is the home of a small Bhairav idol that is paraded through Bhaktapur in a chariot during the New Year 's Bisket festival .	The is a Bhairav idol that is paraded around in a chariot .	0
I turned to Lawrence , to suggest that I had better leave them now that there was no further need of my services , but the words were frozen on my lips .	I was too shocked to say anything .	1
well see i didn 't either until it happened	I didn 't see it until it happened .	0
Memorials in the Square du Canada and the beautiful Canadian Cemetery in nearby Hautot-sur-Mer commemorate the courageous but abortive Canadian raid on Nazi-held Dieppe on August 19 , 1942 .	There had been a courageous , but abortive raid on Dieppe in 1942 .	0
At the southern end of Cardine V , the patrician House of the Stags ( Casa dei Cervi ) is named after its frescoes of two stags being attacked by hounds .	The House of the Stags is named after a professor Stag .	2
The Tight-Lipped Republicans are not to be confused with the Moderates , who may not vote for conviction .	The Republicans are in full support of conviction .	1
The internal controls that were considered adequate for external financial reporting were not always sufficient for performance management .	The Internal controls were good enough for the external financial reporting but nothing more .	1
I yanked the door open , and ran upstairs as fast as I could .	I shut the door .	2
Most people visit the holy city of Amritsar for its Golden Temple Sikh Shrine .	Amritsar is most visited for its Golden Temple Sikh Shrine .	0
From Malibu in the north to Long Beach in the south , the shoreline communities of Los Angeles County stretch for 72 miles ( 115 km ) along the striking edge of the ocean .	Malibu and Long Beach are located at opposite ends Los Angeles County .	0
With respect to the Federalism Order , they state that HUD has determined that the policies contained in the rule will not have substantial direct effects on States or their political subdivisions , or the relationship between the Federal government and the States , or on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of government .	The plan was written to avoid having direct effects on States .	1
Station VI ( Veronica wipes Jesus 's face ) : Your guide may have a door in the wall opened to reveal the little Church of St. Veronica , built in the restored vaults of a Crusader monastery .	There is a small church called St. Veronica which was built in a Crusader monastery .	0
At the same time , the Administration will not support any legislation that does not enhance the cleanliness of coal-fired electricity generation and promote a future for clean coal technologies .	Clean coal technology has reduced emissions by 30 % .	1
Much evidence of a major Carib Indian settlement has been unearthed in this region .	There is a lot of evidence that the indian settlement was in this spot .	0
Scottish banking has long been held in high regard , and it still plays an important part in the world of finance .	The bank has always had honorabled intentions .	1
Or even longer !	It was clearly shorter .	2
El Greco ( 1541 1614 ) was born in Cete and was long a resident in Italy , but nonetheless became a consummate Spanish painter .	El Greco was a consummate Spanish painter .	0
no especially when going to spend the next eighteen years in school	Definitley , especially when going to spend the next 18 years in school .	2
She seemed very frightened of ' Mr. Brown . ' 	She appeared to be afraid of Mr. Brown .	0
( The girl is so much like a fourth-rate porn actress that the audience assumes she was hired to help the boy become a man--but the punch line never comes . )	The woman was very conservative and it did not appear like she was going to make a sexual advance .	2
The party still feebly pushes It just inaugurated an annual Hero of Atheism award .	The annual Hero of Atheism award is considered a joke by most people .	1
yeah i think i think a lot of people fail to realize but you know the government doesn 't generate money you know they may print it but that 's not really the way money is made it 's it 's made from people working and doing things that are productive and government 's the net cost	Everyone knows that the government is the one that generates money .	2
right but they say you can 't be turned down and i don 't understand how they can	Yeah , you 'll be turned down .	2
I felt Wilson was sometimes too complacent in seeing human foibles ( such as irrational spiritual beliefs ) as evolutionarily adaptive .	Wilson was too scared to talk about human problems	1
Why would he bother to retire ?	I have no idea why he 's decided to retire .	0
how how old is your little boy	I do not want to know how old your little boy is .	2
Every one 's in such a hurry .	Everyone is hurrying to get home .	1
'Calm down , ' Derry hissed .	It was Derry who said to calm down .	0
Zuiganji temple is the center of an old Zen Buddhist seminary .	Zen Buddhist priests practice sermons in the Zuiganji temple .	1
Departments and agencies sent their vouchers to GAO , which checked the legality , propriety , and accuracy of expenditures .	Vouchers were sent to GAO .	0
I had nearly reached the lodge , when my attention was arrested by the running figure of a man approaching me .	The man approaching me got my attention .	0
plant again in um late September	Do more planting in late September .	0
Increased worker productivity , in turn , leads to higher real wages and greater economic growth over the long term .	Higher worker productivity makes wages rise .	0
It is seen as a rebuke to Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott and a victory for Democrats , Sen.	It was a victory for the Republicns .	2
At ground level , you can see the arcaded Golden Lotus Tank and the temple 's bathing-place .	On the second level , you can see the Lotus Tank and bathing place .	2
These would be smaller planets , comparatively poorer in hydrogen and richer in oxygen .	The other planets will have more oxygen .	0
uh Southeast Asia and lots of uh out of the way places but i don 't know if they really had significant effects in the places where they went in teaching the people how to cope with their lives better	Their reports did not show any significant impacts of the work they did .	1
They described a company as an intentional discriminator if its employment of women or minorities was at least two standard deviations from the average .	The company discriminated against women and minorities	0
In the market for personal computers , the value of a machine is directly proportional to the number of applications that run on it .	A computer that can run a lot of applications is an easy computer to use .	1
oh they 're just not um once they get into junior high they just not done anymore	Everyone does them until they graduate high school .	2
and i believe in this but	Did you believe in it before ?	1
'Listen , Mr. Franklin , you have to understan-'	Mr. Franklin is supposed to understand and eventually does .	1
Are you quite sure ?	you are sure .	2
Surely he could not be unaware of the fact , conceal it as we would .	He couldn 't have known about it since we hid it so well .	0
The Mus ? ? e du Docteur-Faure ( Villa des Chimyres , Boulevard des Cetes ) contains some Rodin bronzes and watercolors , and works by Degas , Sisley , Corot , and C ? ? zanne .	The area is known for its history of art .	1
Bauerstein arrested for the murder of Mrs. Inglethorp ? "	The police arrested Bauerstein at 1pm on Saturday , last week .	1
um-hum thanks a lot bye-bye	Sorry , I apologise for my mistakes made .	2
as you know as human beings something to remove you from reality to relieve the stress	It does not help with daily stress .	2
configuration items after formal establishment of	Items are configured after they are formally established to be efficient .	1
i 'm south they 're north of me	They 're south of me .	2
He has received favorable press coverage for opening schools and permitting markets in his remote northern stronghold .	He was a wonderful politician with the people 's best interests in mind .	1
In January 2000 , we issued our first progress report to the LSC Board of Directors describing our efforts to help build premier justice communities throughout our country .	We wrote a report in the law journal .	1
This may be the first time that the government has gone against a company with a smaller share of sales in order to protect the ability of its dominant competitor to secure an exclusive .	The government went against the lesser known Audacious Security Services in order to gain an upper hand in the competition .	1
The conciliatory policies that painfully emerged after the bloodshed brought the Protestant Prince of Navarre to the throne as Henri IV ( 1589 1610 ) , but not before he promised to convert to Cathol ? ­ icism .	The Prince of Navarre was allowed to remain a protestant and assume the throne .	2
He believed that the screen can have an interventive effect , so he wanted research on whether patients fare as well with a screen as they do with brief advice or more sophisticated techniques .	He was sure that the screen could not function as an intervention .	2
A cost-conscious Senate took fragments from monuments of earlier rulers Trajan , Hadrian , and Marcus Aurelius to decorate the arch .	The earlier ruler named Trajan had at least one monument built of him .	0
and what are you doing	What are you doing ?	0
wonder if there 'd be some way we could get these people that do this get their names their addresses and their phone numbers and then reverse it and do well that would be technically illegal it 'd be harassment	These people are homeless , living on the streets without any possessions .	2
Adrin listened intently .	Adrin listened very closely .	0
As curator of the exhibition , Krens lays on this technical specification as a defense against the charge of unseriousness .	Curator Krens uses technical specifications when accused of not taking things seriously .	0
Contractual arrangements for attestation engagements performed in accordance with GAGAS should provide for full and timely access to audit documentation to facilitate reliance by other auditors on the auditors ' work , as well as reviews of audit quality control and assurance .	Arrangements for attestation should provide access to hot cocoa .	2
um-hum right into the classroom it needs to be	It needs to be right in the classroom or else it can 't be utilized .	1
Local and national initiatives are established to nurture and promote them .	The local and national initiatives are intended to stunt their growth .	2
I woke up a week later unable to talk or eat .	I couldn 't eat because of my throat injury .	1
Most of the villages remain practically unchanged since their creation save for a plethora of TV antennae and offer a fascinating view of Greek village life , where tomatoes hang from every window and old folks discuss today 's news on their doorsteps .	One of the changes that can be noticed is the influx of new technology including cellphones , which makes talking on doorsteps less necessary .	1
The cat itself , on a small panel above the entrance , is said to have been sculpted by Hidari Jingoro , a legendary master carver of the Tokugawa period .	The cat was actually carved by a different person .	1
Versailles is an easy ( and full ) day trip from Paris , only 21 km ( 15 miles ) from the capital .	Versailles is located 546 miles from Paris .	2
The subject matter of written materials and of events ( for example , legal education workshops is on issues of particular concern to our clients ) .	Lawyers are only out to benefit themselves and not help or educate their clients .	2
and i thought oh this will be an easy class and you know and i did it and i did it for a long time like about the middle of the semester i ended up having to have surgery on my foot and this has been a couple of years ago	The class was too complicated for my pea sized brain .	2
the quest for a new diagnostic instrument .	They gave up after looking for ten minutes .	2
half of which is coming true	Half of it is coming true .	0
He acquired a skate from the fishmonger and painted a loose paraphrase of a Chardin still life .	After he got a skate from the butcher , he recreated a Jackson Pollock entirely out of crayon .	2
( Fewer than one in 40 men in the study backed out due to the pain . )	The pain from the study caused some men to drop out .	1
and i i see it being most beneficial if it 's in the neighborhood where or or at least the area where the person lives it may not be the same neighborhood but the same city or county	I think the veteran 's program would be better if it was in the same city in which they reside .	1
Still , the idea in a letter to today 's Times from a Yale med school prof is a good just put a cop on the Springer set .	The letter was from a professor that teaches Physiology and Anatomy at Yale .	1
INCREMENTAL COST - The increase or decrease in total costs that would result from a decision to increase or decrease output level , to add a service or task , or to change any portion of operations .	The cost to increase output level .	0
GALs are lawyers or licensed mental health counselors appointed by a court to represent a child 's best interests in family proceedings .	Lawyers or licensed mental health counselors appointed by the court are called gal .	0
been pretty lucky so far	I 've been really lucky at the slot machines .	1
The assessment and intervention could be delivered by a variety of trained professionals who have some expertise in motivational interventions , understand alcohol problems , and are armed with a series of viable options to assist the patient .	There are a number of trained professionals who could provide the assessment .	0
For monetary instruments , the revenue is recognized at the time of obtaining forfeiture judgment ; for property that is sold , at the time of sale ; and for property that is held for internal use or transferred to another Federal agency , at the time of obtaining approval to use the property internally or transfer it .	Or never transferred to another Federal agency .	2
yeah yeah so Ohio has how many football teams two well so does Texas	Neither Ohio nor Texas have any football teams .	2
The typical visitor is still older and wealthier than in most holiday destinations , but times are beginning to change as they are across Portugal , no longer the forgotten backwater of Europe .	Portugal used to be an unknown destination .	1
The WJC placed the Ruddy story on its Foster Scoops page .	The WJC placed the Ruddy story on its Foster Scoops page because it was unique to them .	1
I congratulated him .	I told him it was a job well done .	0
People raised on farms understand this .	People did not raise farms .	2
Long-term simulations are useful for comparing the potential outcomes of alternative saving rates within a common economic framework .	Only short-term simulations are useful .	2
So far the staunchly anti-Communist government has relied on repression to survive the crisis .	The government tried a passive and peaceful approach to survive the crisis .	2
So much for your theory .	The theory is out the window but I 'm open to others .	1
The Hindus ' Ancestors	The Hindus ' predecessors .	0
Adrin was speechless .	Adrin didn 't have anything to say .	0
As she looked the expression disappeared as by magic , and Mrs. Vandemeyer lay inert and motionless as before .	Mrs. Vandemeyer had a quick change of expression but then it was gone .	1
Situated on its own private beach just ten minutes from the airport and seconds away from the coral reefs offshore .	They have a private beach full of lounge chairs .	1
Risk identification methods may include qualitative and quantitative ranking activities , management conferences , forecasting and strategic planning , and consideration of findings from audits and other assessments .	Analysis of findings from audits and strategic planning are just two possible components of risk identification methods .	0
yeah and and so um but but when you go to order a drink um you know well you say they they i don 't know it 's uh	When you order a drink they don 't know it .	0
Taking a stroll down the avenue is such a national institution that there 's even a colloquial expression for gin-bura .	It is best to take a stroll down the avenue at around 5 in the evening .	1
I nodded absently .	I shook my head even though I did not understand .	1
Entire resorts open and close , and showrooms sometimes change show times , prices , or entire featured productions .	Showrooms have no way of changing prices , times and featured productions .	2
how do you feel what what do you think about it	Do you have an opinion on it ?	1
As Branch notes , King and the movement 's established leaders sounded ponderous against Malcolm 's avenging swagger .	King really liked the avenging character of Malcolm .	2
All hotels accept major credit cards .	Major credit cards are accepted at all hotels .	0
When the Dreyfus case was raging , clearly the result of anti-Semitism in the French army , Chekhov , then in France , was a fiery Dreyfusard .	No one was anti-semitic during the Dreyfus case .	2
For many , the image of Greek music and dance is inexorably linked to the film Zorba the Greek .	Zorba the Greek remains a very popular film to this day .	1
Lesher is right that we don 't see the side of Wallace that has had a continuing influence on politics today .	Lesher is right about Wallace 's continued influence on politics .	0
It is well known that the behavior of individuals is affected by the nature of their compensation arrangements	People don 't care for compensation and wouldn 't change for it .	2
They find it ironic and poignant that someone capable of conceiving of a nuanced theory of rationality could descend into madness ( Robert Boynton , Newsday ) . ( Jim Holt reviews A Beautiful Mind in Slate . )	It 's hard to understand how someone could be so rational and the go mad .	1
they they just had the uh season finale and i don 't i don 't know what they accomplished but i think the writers just	I knew exactly what was accomplished in the season finale .	2
'This is not an easy olive branch for me to extend , ' Lincoln said pointedly .	Lincoln said it wasn 't easy to give a peace offering to the person that had wronged him so terribly .	1
If you beat the pros to a solution , we will name it after you , and you 'll be immortalized in this little corner of cyberspace .	Nobody cares if you can beat the pros to a solution .	2
When Warm returned to work , everybody looked at him mysteriously .	Warm was the recipient of many mysterious looks .	0
Spanish restaurants are classified and priced by a system of forks , with facilities and length of menu more relevant than the quality of the food .	The amount of stuff on a menu is very important in Spain .	0
But that , of course , would require a considerable sacrifice from a substantial part of the citizenry .	Many people will have to make big sacrifices for it .	0
Over the next year she realized she needed incentives to keep lawyers around after they got a few years of experience .	Experienced lawyers may require incentives to remain in some positions .	0
no major malfunctions then	She 's had some major breakdowns .	2
The Fat Man beamed .	The man was happy about some good news	1
The Left Bank has , in contrast , always presented a bohemian and intellectual image , dating back to the founding of the university and monasteries ; today , the Sorbonne , the Acad ? ? mie Francaise , the publishing houses , and the myriad bookshops continue to exercise an intellectual magnetism .	There are no publishing houses in the Left Bank .	2
Ser Perth was closer than the others , studying the marks he made .	Ser Perth was studying the marks he had made .	0
and boy the price of toys these days is ridiculous	Toy prices are much too high for the average family .	1
Audio tapes in each room narrate the house 's history .	You can take an audio tour .	0
It is thoroughly Jewish , almost entirely modern , and still growing .	Recently , it has been shrinking .	2
The man nodded under his three-cornered hat .	The man wore a hat .	0
to come in and live with them to come in and live with them	They invited them to come and room with them .	0
It seemed impossible to believe that these people were other than they seemed .	The people seemed friendly , well mannered , and pleasant to be near .	1
and and there that is wrong with America people don 't put they money back into the same thing that 's why Americans buy foreign if Americans would buy American cars we wouldn 't have to worry about none of this	Americans never buy local products ever .	1
and that 's scary	It isn 't very frightening at all .	2
Their willingness to acquire U.S. assets	Someone has willingness to acquire U.S. assets .	0
How did this unconventional woman arrive at these conventional ideas ?	It comes as no surprise that she came to these conventional ideas .	2
I think nothing .	I 'm thinking about a lot of different scenarios .	2
Without developing the criteria that the system should meet and then effectively assessing the risks , agencies could adopt signature systems that will not provide the necessary data integrity .	Some systems don 't give the necessary data integrity .	0
I suppose they took advantage of our all being out .	They did what they could while we were out .	1
the the extended loan payment for your car	The loan got sped up .	2
Its flow is constant never suffocated by the all-pervading sand or evaporated by the oppressive heat of the sun .	The flow is constantly disrupted by the sand and the sun .	2
Madeira was then granted autonomy , in addition to the right to determine its own taxes and send a deputation to the Portuguese government .	Portugal arrived at this decision only after tense deliberations .	1
The dark and atmospheric basilica is divided into five naves , with a floor made from stone and wood .	The architecture is scary and stark .	1
Over the long-term , meaningful Social Security and Medicare reform will be necessary to avert massive government dissaving , reduce the economic burden of government spending for an aging population , and restore budgetary flexibility to address other national priorities .	Aging populations create an economic burden for government spending .	0
Though quiet at first , Adrin spoke more and more as they walked .	Adrin spoke as he walked .	0
If it is greater than one revenues fall .	Revenues can go down .	0
Sipping the coffee , he allowed himself the luxury of not doing any thinking at all .	He put sugar and cream in his coffee .	1
The convulsions were of a peculiar violence , Dr.	The convulsions were non violent in nature .	2
Puerto Rico suffered from constant attacks .	Puerto Rico was never attacked .	2
i 've read that i got uh i got the interested in when Saddam Hussein came to power i got interested in him and started reading some of his some of the books on him the man 's	I started reading books about Saddam Hussein when he first rose to power .	0
yeah what now what state are you in	What state are you in ?	0
If they sense treachery , or worse , if they sense what you can do , they will kill you .	They 'll end your life if they know what you wish to do .	0
Wisconsin 's ambitious ( and relatively expensive ) welfare reform has cut its caseload by more than half .	Wisconsin 's welfare reform program did nothing but increase the state 's caseload .	2
'Oh , yes , ' The Colonel nodded quickly .	The Colonel wanted to show up .	1
Is it possible that she could have swallowed the poison by accident ? asked the Coroner .	Is it possible that the poison was forced down her throat ?	2
the forms that have really been um i guess i you know the best example or you know the cream of the crop i guess you could say and then and then taking those those qualities and then applying in the styles that are really um that extremely enjoyable and then taking	I did not enjoy anything .	2
Turn north on Rue Damiette , graced by some of the town 's handsomest old houses .	Rue Damiette has tiny shacks and factories .	2
um i i think it 's kind of ironic that from my you know from my observation anyway that that we 're uh rewarding other governments for becoming more democratic in following more capitalistic approaches whereas in our own economy the trend seems to be more towards social programs	Capitalism is the key to more social programs .	2
The continuous control of changes made to a system 'sConfiguration hardware , software , and documentation throughoutManagement the development and operational life of the system .	The system requires admin access for how the changes to the system 's configuration works .	1
So if we really want to pull every possible moral out of our story , we should think about the other people whose interests are at stake when you decide to buy a house .	We should always think about whats at stake when we buy a house	0
It is unfortunate . " The reluctance in his tone was very evident .	He was reluctant and worried they would know .	1
How do you bill clients and , perhaps even trickier , get them to pay ?	How do you bill clients ?	0
He says the company might use the Internet at some point , if the penetration gets up to where it is with the telephone or television .	He believed that the company would never use the internet and he refused to even speak about it .	2
Even today , the intricate Hindu caste system can play a role in the Indians ' choice of job , spouse , and political party , despite the numerous anti-discrimination statutes passed since Independence .	Despite anti-discrimination statuses passed , the Hindu caste system plays a large role in their choices .	0
Take time to explore the exquisite Moorish stonework and the elegant domes and minaret .	The Moors were Spanish architects and traders who brought culture to the world .	1
The last data report available to us is for 1997 .	We can access the 1999 data report and that 's the most recent one we have .	2
yeah make it difficult enough	Make it harder for them to get drugs .	1
Falling sidewise ?	Standing perfectly still .	2
The sunny He was as noble in real life as on television .	He is a nice person to be around .	1
well unfortunately the the United States as a government can 't get involved in a civil war in another country because it 's not it it 's	The U.S. always gets involved in other countries ' civil wars .	2
He would not make it .	He was going to die soon .	1
Ca 'daan rode Gray Cloud , well rested and well fed .	Ca 'daan was still very hungry .	2
She did not know her own name , or where she had come from , or where she was .	She had suffered long term memory loss .	1
we went uh and did a a thing through IBS which is a like a financial consultant type thing here in Dallas and uh one of the things that we talked about with the counselor there was you know they work up this whole big you know proposal profile for you that every all the things that you need to work on and you need to do and then one of the things that we talked about with her was you know the need to save for our son 's education we have a two year old you know and and you know we can 't start saving for college when he 's sixteen you know we have to do that now and and uh they have a way that they can figure you know what you know and he 's two now in sixteen years when he 's ready to go to college this is how much it 'll cost you know and it 's just really scary the thought of how much it 's going to it 's what it costs now is ridiculous what it 's going to cost sixteen years from now is just really scary and they sat down and figured up that we needed to save like fifteen between fifteen and seventeen hundred dollars a year at a oh you know six percent interest rate to be able to have you know money for his college and that 's exactly what we have coming out in saving bonds is is you know about fifteen hundred dollars a year so i guess it you know in that way at least we know that that 's taken care of you know we we can worry about other things so	The proposal profile that they build for you is extremely useful .	1
no you don 't look what happened on the last presidential election	The last presidential election proves that you are onto something .	2
come here	Stand by me .	1
yeah it was Twins was good too because when i thought of that i thought of anyway um	Twins is really bad .	2
They shifted and moved but did not strike or block .	They moved around but did not strike or block my sword slashes .	1
i know i couldn 't uh we went and we maxed out quite a few of them before uh i started taking the uh cards away we maxed out a lot of well we had about six or seven and we maxed them out	We never maxed out any of our cards .	2
They incorporate information management as an intrinsic part of their business planning and decision making processes , discussing the benefits and risks associated with specific strategies for improving service , reducing cycle time , or reducing costs .	The data that goes into information management needs to be thorough or else management can 't use it .	1
a different world from down there	Things are very different here .	0
um-hum oh really where did you go to school in Indiana	I wonder if we went to the same school .	1
The celebrated Reid 's Hotel had opened its doors in 1890 , and seaplane service started operating from Lisbon in 1921 .	The Reid 's Hotel didn 't open it 's doors until 1900 .	2
He must act quickly .	He can take his time .	2
that 's great that 's great but uh like i 'll agree with you though i don 't think they should have to do a year	We don 't agree with each other .	2
yeah a lot of kids kids and the cousins really get along with each other they 're all young they 're all i	The kids all get along .	0
It is also dedicated to Horus since Egyptians thought that this was the place where the final battle between Horus and Seth ( in the form of a crocodile ) took place .	The Egyptians believed this was where the final battle between Horus and Seth took place .	0
He does not believe in national parks ( private stewards will exercise proper stewardship ) .	He vandalized the national park next door .	1
'Daniel ! ' I hissed , slamming the door shut behind me .	I slammed that door at Daniel .	0
and uh then in uh uh sixty uh uh let 's see sixty nine when they decided to build the new stadium in Irving uh they let the uh uh they let the fans build it i mean it wasn 't built with any tax payer money uh they floated bonds that the that the season ticket holders had to buy to maintain their status as season ticket holders so what was neat is you got to choose the tickets based on your seniority as a season ticket holder	they paid for the stadium with taxpayer money instead of fan funding	2
Thus , they regarded the payment accuracy review as an effective and cost-beneficial way to combat improper payments .	Payment accuracy reviews are viewed as excessively expensive .	2
Through the western Seishomon Gate is the Shishinden ceremonial hall , where emperors are enthroned a privilege retained by Kyoto after the move to Tokyo and where New Year 's audiences are held .	The Shishinden ceremonial hall is where peasants were buried .	2
yeah it 's nice at night	It 's bitterly cold at night .	2
but um i 've never thought about wearing your worst outfit on Monday because really no one 's paying attention but anyway um i really i don 't work outside of school um i work in the computer lab at school so i can just wear whatever i have on for school and and um and really it 's i try to dress dress presentable but very comfortable	If I wear my worst outfit on Monday , people can only better of me as the week goes on .	1
The huge axe wielder raised his axe over his head but did not swing .	The wielder did not swing his axe because his arm was hurting ,	1
that 's incredible oh oh there 's there 's one thing i 've got to ask you about the the dump Quayle movement i find that interesting	I have a very uninteresting question about the dump Quayle movement .	2
The Week / The Spin is updated throughout the week , the Diary has a new entry daily , and contributions to Dispatches & amp ; Dialogues are posted as they arrive .	The Spin is the name of a magazine or newspaper .	1
The agonized songs , heavy with the wail of Arabia , come from deep within the singer , while the dances are formal and sombre .	The dances are casual and fun .	2
Although the novelist might be able to render well all sorts of facts and dates and general furniture , she could never truthfully render the old consciousness .	Her novels were not very popular because of her shortcomings .	1
Madeira can 't rank with the Balearic or Canary Islands for nighttime entertainment ; it 's a much more low-key place .	Madeira is not the most ideal place to go for nighttime entertainment .	0
Medicare is a universal health insurance scheme available to all Australian citizens .	Medicare is available to Australians who are older than 18 .	1
But the thrill , alas , is gone .	There is no more thrill .	0
you know perception i don 't know Al Davis is he 's a kind of strange character strange strange looking guy apparently he 's kind of a wild guy i don 't really know for sure they 've had some excellent teams though obviously i 'm not sure they 've yet decided where they want to play they keeping talk about you know going	I have heard some disturbing stories about Al Davis .	1
But some businesses , staffed by people who are not attorneys , have adopted legal aid or similar names , leading some people to believe that they are nonprofits .	Some businesses try to lead people to believe they are nonprofits .	0
Thank God , he 's not a mind reader , thought Tommy .	If he could read minds , Tommy would be done for .	1
right um i don 't know a lot about um Greek and Roman although i 'm a member of an organization and that is the the primary interest of some ancient uh Numismatic Society Club	I know about the British empire .	1
Who better to strip away the hubris and slippery moralizing of both sides in this case than the man who really can distill consumer harm down to a decimal point ?	Consumer harm is a very difficult thing to measure in the world	1
Pooh videos from Disney have sold nearly 20 million copies , and Disney Pooh decorates books , blankets , albums , bedding , slippers , calendars , backpacks , and cookie jars sold to impressionable children everywhere .	Pooh Videos from Disney sold less than 20 million copies , and other items are never sold to children .	2
First , is the reigning matron of honor moving to Bangladesh ?	Is the matron of honor moving to Bangladesh ?	0
The dance of els cavallets is performed in Pollenca on 2 August at the D ? ­ a de la Patrona , and in Felanitx on 20 July and again on the D ? ­ a de Sant August ? ­ on 28 August .	The dance of els cavallets features elaborate costumes .	1
One of them reared back with a wide-bladed greatsword and swung hard .	One of them swung the sword and hit a man .	1
Today , ruins of the Taira clan 's dwellings are still visible , and Yashimaji temple houses relics of the battles .	The battles were rough and left lots of ruins behind .	1
Thereafter each sultan , on his accession , visited Eyep Camii to gird himself ceremonially with the Sword of Osman , the first Ottoman sultan .	The sultans stopped visiting Eyep Camii when they took the throne , believing it to be an unlucky place .	2
Edinburgh 's Festivals	Dublin 's Festivals	2
Yes , thought the Explorer , in a scout-ship , not in this unmaneuverable freighter .	A scout ship would be much easier to maneuver .	1
These households might be seen as outside the financial mainstream and thus unlikely to be saving .	These households could likely be seen as unable to save since they are outside the financial mainstream .	0
Outside , the vetting committee at the door kept the great unwashed in their horrible disco regalia from getting past the velvet ropes .	The vetting committee were at the door keeping the great unwashed from getting past the velvet ropes .	0
how 'd you get into this program	I know how to get into this program .	2
Haven 't I always told you he would murder her in her bed ?	I 've told you before that he would murder her in her bed .	0
On the excavation site , you will see remains of dormitories in addition to the refectory , kitchens , baths , lecture halls , libraries , and temples .	There are ruined dormitories on the excavation site .	0
you would have thought we would have had close to half of the people in the city voting for this that was going to raise your taxes and it was like twenty five thousand or something like that you know	I knew no one would vote .	2
The payment accuracy review and three other studies led to a series of actions that included assuring that transportation providers actually existed and were providing services , assuring that providers billed Medicaid correctly , and sending notices to let providers know what is expected of them .	The payment accuracy review brought about changes about how services were rendered in the medical setting .	1
I began this column with the provocative thesis that software isn 't anywhere near bloated enough .	Software has room to grow .	1
and it it 's uh the kids just had a wonderful time there they you know you just pay that admission and then all the the the rides are free you know they of course they have all the little video games and you know those little quarter rides you know to and stuff like that but they thought that was a lot of fun you can have birthday parties there and	The kids love to go on the roller coasters .	1
Rather , it serves as a warning that the United States must both save more in the near term and reform entitlement programs for the elderly to put the budget on a more sustainable footing for the long term .	It serves as a warning that the elderly should be taken off entitlement programs and assistance .	2
Bureau of Economic Analysis .	There is a dedicated bureau of the united states for analyzing the economy .	1
So am I !	So are she and I !	1
well you too	You as well .	0
Is such a thing possible ?	That could only be done by the work of aliens , so it 's impossible .	2
because they 're fancy seats and stuff	Because they 're terrible seats .	2
In the preamble to the final rule , the Commission responded to issues raised during the comment period .	Problems that were pointed out during the comment period did receive a response from the Commission .	0
yeah i took them up here to Collectors Rector Records and was able to get a little money for them	I was able to get paid for my old records .	0
There 's a stop en route where you can visit the Owakudani Natural Science Museum , which has some uninspiring audio-visual presentations of volcanic eruptions .	There 's no stop en route where you can visit the Owakudani Natural Science Museum .	2
As the city 's need for services grows , area 's firms urge partners to volunteer their time .	The service needs are not growing .	2
The heart of the city is Viejo Madrid , Old Madrid , a largely 16th-century city built upon the layout of narrow , winding streets of an old Moorish settlement .	Parts of Old Madrid date back to earlier than the 16th century .	1
Activity analysis is accomplished with interviews , questionnaires , observation , and review of physical records of work .	Observation involves watching managers through hidden cameras and high powered telescopes .	1
Church of the Holy Sepulchre	There can never be a Church of the Holy Sepulchre .	2
figure it 's going to be it 's never what it was last month and uh and uh you know it 's it 's the one that 's always the killer	Things are never the same month to month .	0
Unconstitutional ?	Against the constitution	0
The range of benefits occurs because of the current uncertainty in the estimates of the number of cases of foodborne illness and death attributable to the pathogens that enter the meat and poultry supply at the manufacturing stage .	There is a large number of deaths from pathogens .	1
I suppose every one has . "	I suppose no one hasn 't .	0
Continue uphill to the fortress , which is , in fact , two castles .	The fortress up the hill is actually made out of two castles .	2
through the Visa card so i knew that i was running a balance up but it sure is hard to get it	I managed to get a Visa card last year .	1
0000 Steaming under a canopy of stars , gently swaying to the ocean swells ; glowing lights on a distant shore .	It was completely dark .	2
Wade has led us to focus on whether the fetus is viable--whether it can survive outside the womb .	Wade focused on how the fetus survives in the womb .	2
unfortunately Yeltsin 's got too many connections with the old guard that 's the only drawback that i see with the entire thing Gorbachev has m ade his attempt and he 's had his problems with some of the old guard himself	Yeltsin has many connections with how things used to be .	0
At the extreme , U.S. population densities are as high as French population densities .	At the extreme , French population density isn 't too large .	1
You can also arrange archaeology-related expeditions through the Israel Archaeological Society , based in Los Angeles ( toll-free in the U.S.A. : 800-ISRAEL-8 ) .	Israel Archaeological Society no longer has expiditions .	2
Formentera , for its part , boasts fewer people and some of the most enticing sandy beaches , to say nothing of windsurfing and scuba diving that can 't be bettered in the Balearics .	Formentera is a landlocked location with no water within its borders .	2
because we 're payin g for Social Security they using now who 's gonna pay for mine	Our retirement needs to be planned for .	1
The old man picked it up in his hand , petted it and carried it toward Dave .	The rabbit twitched but then lied still in the old man 's hand .	1
Melaka 's Baba Nyonya Chinese quarter is a great place to hunt and bargain for old porcelain imported from southern China , antique silver or jade bracelets , and , if you can find a way of shipping it home , a piece of furniture from the colonial days .	Melaka 's Baba Nyonya Chinese quarter sells old porcelain , antique silver or jade bracelets , and furniture .	0
well that 's true too as long as you 're not going to going to hit any white water or you know if you 're just doing a nice calm river it 's uh it 's it uh you don 't have to put very much effort into it	If the water is calm , there isn 't much resistance .	1
If life is a war of all against all , what guarantee do we have that adhoccery will work , no matter how inspired ?	This is bcause life wont stop against everyhting so we can 't just make it up as we go .	1
Life aboard ship is tough	Life aboard a goat is easy .	2
uh-huh yeah i like him	I don 't care for him .	2
Departments of Commerce , Justice , and State , the Judiciary , and Related Appropriations Act , 1984 , Pub .	Departments of Commerce , Justice , and State , the Judiciary , and Related Appropriations Act , Published in 1984 .	0
and they were paying him a lot of money so Walsh yeah Walsh didn 't have that much uh well as you probably guessed i 'm a Cowboy fan uh more or less	They were paying Walsh quite a lot of money .	0
The group was silent .	The group made no noise .	0
More recently , Saint-Francois has grown to be a major tourist center .	The region makes a lot of money from tourists .	1
The salinity of test solutions was 28 .	The solution had a salinity of 28 % as tested .	1
uh-huh yeah that makes it hard	Yes , that makes it difficult .	0
uh marijuana cocaine and amphetamines	Cocaine , marijuana and amphetamines were used .	1
yeah it was a great that 's a i think that 's that 's one thing too um you know you can 't get so much caught up in the expense	The experience is more important than the expense	1
groups have not embraced the political and social reconciliation needed to build	The groups didn 't accept political or social reconciliation .	0
Every year the she-devil and her companion , a carved skeleton , are trundled through Orihuela as a warning to the wise .	The she-devil , a warning to the dumbest among the people , is trundled through Orihuela every decade .	2
Maybe he was better off returned to the death that had claimed him .	His life was horrible and so it was clear he would be happier dead .	1
The rule was reviewed by the FDA under the Order which requires Federal agencies to examine regulatory actions to determine if they have a significant impact on the States , on the relationship between the States and the Federal government , and on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of government .	The FDA wanted to ensure the States and Federal government would be able to work together , the found the rule was fine and left it alone .	1
A final factor affecting the environment is the agency 's relationship with the Congress and central oversight agencies such as OMB .	Agency 's relationship with the Congress do not affect the environment .	2
To-day is only the 24th . "	Today is the 24th of July .	1
The proposed rule 's request for comments resulted in 124 comments being received , which the preamble to the interim rule discusses , along with the actions taken by INS and the EOIR as a result of the comments .	The comments had a significant impact and resulted in substantive changes to the rule .	1
Granite tombstones from the Dutch era stand against the walls .	The tombstones that stand against the walls were laid by the Dutch .	1
Such action , he maintained , was not cost-effective .	He maintained to say such action was not cost-effective .	0
But after being forewarned , if it happens again , I 'll be hard to convince that you were in the right .	You will be in a lot of trouble if it happens again .	1
'This way , Mr. Franklin , ' the dense man sad .	The dumb guy told him to go into the theater .	1
The building blocks of FACS are 46 action units ( AUs ) such as a wrinkling of the nose , a puffing of the cheeks , dilation of the nostrils , squinting , and so on .	There are forty-six action units , like squinting and wrinkling the nose , that comprise the basic elements of FACS .	0
Patients who are more ready to cut down are generally less ready to abstain .	Cutting down is easier for patients than abstaining .	1
Soon they would have children of their own .	They would have children of their own shortly	0
The nation 's ten busiest freeways are all in the L.A. vicinity .	The ten busiest freeways in the nation are all in the vicinity of L.A.	0
But the more successfully a comic does this , the more familiar his point of view becomes .	His obscure comic books have a familiar point of view .	2
Streets don 't have actual names but are instead referred to by the name of the neighborhood through which they are passing , thus streets change name about every block in some parts of the old city .	Every street has an official name which was chosen by the government .	2
yeah i don 't even rent them you know i i figure if i find a movie i like i 'll buy it because i just watch them over and over again	I don 't rent them .	0
you know and they 'll regroup out in the mountains and they 'll try it again in a couple of years	It is hard to find them once they go and camp in the mountains .	1
Don 't ask me why there was hay- these southern towns can be quaint like that .	There was hay on this southern town , don 't ask why .	0
But Slate 's editors and staff will be spending the week in various mountain retreats , perfecting the spiritual arts of transcendental meditation and HTML coding .	Slate 's editors are going to mountain retreats for a week .	0
Batons struck palms menacingly .	They hit their palms with the batons and jeered at them .	1
There is a peep-hole into the next room .	There is someone in the next room to peep at .	1
It 's not hard to check that all the Talmudic examples always satisfy the consistency principle .	Examples in the Talmud are always consistent with the principle of consistency .	0
Ca 'daan found it interesting that San 'doro already marked Jon as the one to ask .	San 'doro said Jon could answer anything .	1
More and more streets and entire areas like Les Halles and Beaubourg have been pedestrianized , adding to the profusion of parks , squares , and gardens .	Areas like Les Halles and Beaubourg are being pedestrianized in an effort to increase Paris ' attractiveness .	1
malicious acts committed with the organization 's computer or network resources Avoid a hostile workplace atmosphere that may impair employee performance	Employee performance can be impaired by a hostile workplace atmosphere .	0
Peat swamp , found in the southern half of the peninsula and in Sarawak on Borneo , is less fertile but rich in hardwood timber .	Peat swamp is rich in hardwood timber , but less fertile , and it can be found in the southern half of the peninsula and in Sarawak on Bornero .	0
The universities attract students from all over the world , and this influx helps to make Dublin a busy , buzzing international city .	The universities in Dublin are good .	1
The car companies also hope to convince NHTSA that slower-inflating air bags would provide almost as much protection and far less risk than posed by the current standard--as long as seat belts are also worn .	Car companies would like NHTSA to see the value in air backs that inflate quickly .	2
The cab drew up outside the tube station .	The cab did not pull up .	2
In fact , the additional fees will ensure wider access to the judicial system for Kentucky 's poor , said Geveden , D-Wickliffe .	Those in Kentucky would have better access to the judicial system .	0
yeah and some of them that turned to flops we saw other other other night we saw um Lady in Red	We saw Lady in Red one night .	0
By continuing to appease Buchanan , several of our candidates appear to have put politics ahead of our party 's principles .	Several candidates continue to put politics ahead of principles , they should not advocate overspending or over-regulation just because it is a popular stance at the time .	1
It 's their business , not mine .	We may have shared interest in this situation .	1
Treasure Beach is the only resort area to speak of , with just a handful of hotels stretching acrosethree sandy bays .	Just a handful of hotels stretch across three sandy bays .	0
yeah but i always see it 's all it 's all money this like a couple other topics we had talked about was crime It it 's it 's all money based and what you can do unless you just get down to the parent level and and then if you 're in a bad situation where you have to send your child to a bad school who knows but maybe we do we need some more Catholic schools support the church instead they seem to have done a the good job in the past in uh some places uh you couldn 't go to a public school it was miles down the road and the only school you could go to was the Baptist school or the Catholic school so	We did even get to talk about Catholic vs Baptist schools .	1
Just be prepared for several fights of stairs to reach the top of the building .	Despite the stairs to the top , there is a slide for the way back down .	1
and it 's usually out on a farm one of the girls has a farm and	one of the girls has a farm and it is often out there .	0
Greyfriars Church was restored in 1938 to produce the building you see now .	The church was restored in 1938 .	0
And Kudupi ( name on ID : Kudupi ) just sat , smoked plimon and said nothing .	And Kudupi was not a very talkative person , so he said nothing .	1
The DPs can barely open their mouths without savaging the president .	The DPs are standing against every policy the president has proposed .	1
Glassman would be right , however , if you could buy $ 1 of dividends for $ 25 .	Glassman is would be right .	0
Robert Ripley was a cartoonist who traveled the far corners of the globe in the 1930s and 1940s , searching for the bizarre .	Robert Ripley 's cartoons achieved box office success .	1
Perhaps the most that can be said on the subject is contained in a passage written by Chief Justice Shaw of the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts that we have often	This case takes place in Massachusetts .	1
For such exceptions , as explained in the Basis for Conclusions , the interest should be classified in the same way as the predominant source of balances rather than according to the normal rule .	As explained in the Basis for Conclusions , the interest for such exceptions should be classified in the same way as the primary source of balances rather than according to the normal rule .	0
Official budget numbers do show total federal revenue growing at an inflation-adjusted rate of 3.1 percent over the period , reasonably close to Abraham 's 3.8 .	Federal revenue grew at an inflation-adjusted rate of 3.1 percent over the period .	0
This is sharply at odds with the relative proportions in 1988 , when the majority of temporary foreign agricultural workers came from Jamaica ( 12,609 ) and only 2,499 came from Mexico .	Mexico provided more agricultural works than Jamaica did in 1988 .	2
The Castle Rock and Arthur 's Seat are the remains of lava streams that hardened after the two volcanoes around them became dormant and cold .	THe lava flowed out of the volcano and straight to the ocean .	1
PBS 's Nova is offering lots of bang- ' em-up footage in its two-part series , ESCAPE !	Nova has a series called ESCAPE !	0
aside for the kids ' education and--BOP--I have so much trouble with that the	Everything goes at easy as it can , there is no trouble .	2
The California primaries and ballot initiatives demonstrate that 1 ) California voters are content with the status quo ( career politicians won big ) and 2 ) it doesn 't take money to win elections anymore ( millionaire political neophytes lost big ) .	California voters are not happy with the status quo .	2
But the interesting question is about sites sharing data .	There 's some interesting interrogants about websites that share your data .	0
This process may identify patients who have not yet developed severe dependence , thereby pre-venting the development of more intractable stages of alcoholism .	This process cannot identify patients who haven 't developed a severe dependence , which increases the development of more serious stages of alcoholism .	2
In the interim , the consolidated financial reports should include such summary or selected information as is feasible .	The consolidated financial reports are missing a summary .	2
As an independent regulatory agency , the Commission is not subject to title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 .	The Commission is bound by title II of the act .	2
As a result , Gandhi and his party were defeated in the elections of November 1989 by the National Front , composed of five parties including the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .	Gandhi and his party maintained a monopoly on government until 1995 .	2
White took the point .	The point was taken .	0
Never before has a U.N. court been able to punish the actions of individuals . Both right- and left-wingers worry that the new U.N. tribunals will reprise the flaws of the Nuremberg and Tokyo trials , attempting to make political points and failing to adequately protect the rights of the accused .	No UN court has been able to punish individuals before .	0
I refuse to go . "	Okay , I am on my way , don 't you worry child .	2
Their arcades , fluted pillars , and mosaic tiles are teetering on last legs , praying for restoration miracles .	Their arcades , fluted pillars , and mosaic tiles are teetering on last legs , praying for restoration miracles because of years of neglect .	1
His physiognomy underwent a complete change .	He kept his face like stone .	2
So let 's get rid of these files and see what happens .	Let us see what occurs when these files are gone .	0
In the end , Mayakovsky is stuck in a kind of zoo , where curious people come to watch him do unhealthy things .	The things Mayakovsky does will ultimately affect his lifespan .	1
The others , with the possible exception of the bearded German , merely used it as a rendezvous .	The bearded German knew more than the others .	1
As currently utilized , a pro bono website has two chief functions .	Pro bono sites are useful by attorneys and clients	1
In some cases , the project team may be unable to complete a project on time due to an unrealistic schedule .	Project leader raised the issue of poor scheduling at the board meeting .	1
Surrounded by elegant classical mansions and gilded wrought-iron grilles with ornamental gateways , which frame the marble fountains of Neptune and Amphitrite , Nancy 's huge Place Stanislas is one of the most harmonious urban spaces in Europe .	Marble fountains of Neptune and Amphitre are located in Nancy 's Place Stanislas .	0
The main reason I only bought one or two was I knew that after playing them I would generally be stuck with them .	I did not want to buy more than a couple .	0
Could we have a table ?	We want a table for three .	1
Thousands of Iowans who live in mobile homes face increasingly unsafe conditions because no laws exist to govern how landlords care for property outside city limits , advocates say .	Thousands of Iowans living in mobile homes are enjoying improved conditions due to new laws .	2
The light-skinned Sai Routha drew his two swords with practiced ease .	Sai Routha drew his swords easily and started fighting his opponent .	1
Among its planets forming , lots of black holes , and galaxies born when the universe was in its infancy .	These events continued to happen as the universe aged .	1
These , companion initiatives and the hardworking and talented staff who carry out these initiatives , work hand-in-glove with the equally well-qualified state planning team to promote the development of high quality , world-class delivery systems .	The state planning team is viewed as the most successful planning team in the work field .	1
For other organizations , design review primarily involved reviewing a more detailed facility design prepared by an inhouse design team or a private A / E firm under contract .	These designs are for a new style of ketchup packet .	1
You can 't have a democracy without also having a place to resolve disputes .	Democracy can absolutely exist without a platform for resolving disputes .	2
Do most of us identify with one or the other or are they just oversimplified descriptions designed to attract associates surfing the Web ?	Do most of us identify with that corporation or is it too simplified for people who are Googling ?	1
He may have moderated his views to win , but he is mostly principled and mostly honest .	His views were shared by many others .	1
Top firms in Denver and elsewhere pay first-year associates $ 80,000 to $ 125,000 a year .	First-year associations earn a nice paycheck .	0
Just beyond the Four Courts , turn north into Church Street , where you 'll find the fascinating St. Michan 's Church .	The Four Courtsand St. Michan 's Church attract many tourists .	1
Messages about alcohol don 't come out the way you say them when they 're broadcast , he replied .	The words lose their meaning when spoken that way .	0
Ride ' long without some Injun or bandido poppin ' lead at m 'back .	I get shot at by Indians and bandits right away when I ride .	2
No matter how fast we all run , someone must be behind .	We can all be in the same position if we run at the same speed .	2
The study found that effective design review practices result in less rework on the part of the construction contractor , fewer change orders to correct design errors and omissions , and lowering the cost of belatedly adding project upgrade features that should have been addressed in the original design .	Most managers don 't like to implement new design review processes .	1
The papers were safe so far , but I couldn 't take the risk of leaving them there any longer .	I left the papers there for all eternity .	2
First , they must model the dispersion and transport of pollutants through the atmosphere .	They must model the dispersion of pollutants through the atmosphere in the first place .	0
First erected in 1873 , it was shunted acroseto its present site to make way for the railway station in 1855 , and it is from here the annual Thaipusam pilgrimage to the Batu Caves commences .	It was first erected in the 20th century .	2
yeah uh-huh no in San Antonio it was like every day it was just a matter of who was shot that night	People shot in San Antonio are only shot with rifles or shotguns .	1
yeah they well we they do that down here too they mix the salt in with the sand	I 've never seen that with the salt and sand before .	2
Then , a few days ago , another girl gave birth in the bathroom at her high-school prom and dumped the baby in the trash , where it would later be found dead .	Too many girls are dumping their newborn babies in the trash , and this example of a girl at her high-school prom is no exception .	1
he anyway he it 's interesting you listen to him and then you you go watch the movie fact they had people had just seen i was listening Sunday night a little bit when i was going to	You never listen to him and his suggestions .	2
I stood helplessly as several dozen of the great bobbing boilers moved toward me .	I had run into the wrong building and was no under attack by the great bobbing boilers .	1
The disciplinary process needs to have the necessary incentive measures to serve as preventative measures before problems can become more serious .	Problems become more serious when there are no incentives to prevent them in the disciplinary process .	0
The senior executive stated in his selfassessment for fiscal year 2001 that the employees and their supervisors used the assessment tool to establish individual development plans and the training committee has been scheduling training sessions to ensure that individual development plans are met .	This company cares a lot about their employees .	1
yeah yeah but uh those overhangs and things do have to be painted you know every four or five years and i bought a uh a power roller that uh it 's really designed for indoor use but it 's got an uh you know an extension and a pump you just put your can of paint down in the in this pump and it pumps the paint up through the roller	Those overhangs never need to be repainted .	2
uh they can 't hardly trade him because nobody wants to pay that much for him and if they just keep him that hurts their salary cap so that guy 's got Dallas in a big old bind but uh they they i think they 've just got to forget about him and uh try to build a team without him maybe go for some good they ought to get some good draft picks this year	If they hold on to him that may cause financial problems .	1
uh-huh yeah they do they think it 's a paycheck	In their minds it 's basically a paycheck .	0
Years ago , the tourists took snapshots .	There were some tourists years ago .	0
We 'll also , of course , have links to various locations where you can read the whole thing .	We will have links to all of the locations where you can read it all .	1
The following are a few Las Vegas highlights ; for a more thorough listing of specialty stores , pick up one of the free alternative newsweeklies , Cityife or Las Vegas Weekly .	Las Vegas has highlights but no specialty stores to shop in .	2
yeah well last year he was a little bit young for having one	He wasn 't old enough last year .	0
The middle-aged man with the small mustache bent over the chart near his feet .	The man regularly shaves his mustache .	1
Antiques , including Chinese jade , ceramics , bronzes , gowns , incense burners , and perfume bottles ; Thai ceramics and bronzes ; Indian brass ; Indonesian wooden masks and carvings .	Many different kinds of antiques .	0
Supreme Court are carved the words Equal Justice Under Law .	Equal Justice Under Law only applies if you are poor .	2
Hunting and killing homosexuals .	Tracking and murdering homosexuals .	0
The little identifying cards psychologist Gordon sets beside each item display an impressive mastery of the manipulative arts .	Gordon is a psychopath so he wants to mess with people using cards .	2
The do-it-yourself , bootstrapping ethos is admirable , but Master P also represents something more atavistic .	He never did anything with his own two hands .	2
I would prefer to have my son alive and to be with him , but he did help open a lot of doors for me .	My son did not open a lot of doors for me .	0
The population of Skopelos is renowned for its friendliness and hospitality , and the natural beauty of the island is equally inviting .	The natural beauty of the island is why people come , but they stay because the people are so friendly .	1
There must be a village handy , continued the young American .	The young American believed that there was a nearby village .	0
How the Mind Works , by Steven Pinker ( Norton ) .	Steven Pinker wrote How the Mind Works .	0
Divergences between observed and expected patterns can be examined further to see what happens as a result of these meetings and identify potential problem for example , when an expected high-communication node turns out to be , relatively speaking , a low-communication spot .	Patterns can be examined to made nodes more efficient .	1
Figure 5 : The Preliminary Assessment	The Preliminary Assessment is figure 5 .	0
And what shall we do then ?	What should we do after what just happened ?	1
Kimberly is worried that her husband , who had a stroke in 1985 , will be found dead of a heart attack while in bed with one of those bimbos , the Globe claims .	Kimberly 's husband has never had an affair before this .	1
well it 's been very nice talking to you i appreciate having the call and uh maybe we 'll speak again on this little test that they 're trying to do	Thank you very much for the lovely call , and let 's hope we get to talk about this little test in the future .	0
i think it 's the second shot or the third shot the bullet 's in there but i mean he 'll give them two chances	The bullets in there after 2or 3 shots .	0
She said the groups provide little information to the general public and the legislature , which need the education the most .	The groups replied that they simply didn 't have the resources to be educating people .	1
The Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) comprises three agencies that provide services and benefits to veterans .	The Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) provides services and benefits to veterans , and is comprised of three agencies .	0
1.7 , formerly methodology transfer paper 7 .	It was paper 1738 .	2
While continuing to endorse the ideal of integration , they say affirmative action , busing , and the rest do more harm than good .	They endorse the ideal of integration .	0
The youthfulness which had impressed Drew on their initial meeting had drained from this man tonight .	The man was so worried he looked worn and tired , Drew tried to lift his spirits .	1
The Private Sector Council ( PSC ) is a nonprofit , nonpartisan public service organization committed to assisting the federal government in improving its efficiency , management , and productivity .	The federal government provides funding for the PSC 's activities .	1
Over the doorway of each of these temples is a semicircular panel called a torana with images of the resident god this will help you identify who 's who .	The resident god is displayed over each dorway .	0
um-hum you see this is this is tornado weather boy people don 't know it but when it gets hot like this	This is not the type of weather for a tornado .	2
you wouldn 't be able to steer people toward retirement and all that but boy if you save that much money and it didn 't have the taxation problem well you might might do all right i don 't know it seems	You would not be able to talk people into retiring .	0
Deliverance came when the Allies landed on the beaches of Normandy on D-Day ( 6 June 1944 ) .	After the Allies disembarked at Normandy , salvation was delivered .	0
The concepts and standards presented in the two volume set resulted from the joint efforts of the Department of the Treasury ( Treasury ) , the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) , and the General Accounting Office ( GAO ) .	The Department of the Treasury spearheaded the effort of capturing these concepts and standards .	1
Both had diamonds painted over their left eyes .	They had diamonds over their eyes to symbolize that they 're in a gang .	1
'I 'm afraid we can 't offer you much time to adjust to your new situation , but don 't worry .	There is no option for more time , but things will turn out fine .	1
Union Pacific then consolidated its operations , eliminating the Las Vegas repair facility .	Las Vegas never had a repair facility .	2
The Japan Times said Tuesday that the election had injected greater uncertainty into Japan 's political future , but at the same time the outcome has raised hopes for the realization of greater justice and fairness in the nation 's parliamentary democracy .	Japan 's political future remains completely steady .	2
yeah i hadn 't heard whether it 's gonna rain or not	I am guessing that it could rain today .	1
well it 's it 's his job too and i to me the only important issue is the children because as far as housework goes you know men can do housework just as easily as women and thanks to a lot of new inventions housework doesn 't take as much time as it used to so uh	Your husband works enough at his job . You should help him out by taking care of the kids and the home by yourself .	2
Wind rushed at them from above and below .	From above and below , wind rushed at them .	0
Citizens are not able to access these reports online , even though they are electronically stored .	The reports are electronically stored but not available online without paying a fee .	1
Today the Palais-Royal is a chic self-contained neighborhood of expensive apartments , shops , and restaurants .	People who live in the Palais-Royal have to leave the neighborhood to dine out .	2
Thank you , sir . Hailing a taxi briskly Tommy stepped in , and was swiftly borne to the Ritz'	Tommy stumbled into the taxi that brought him to the Hilton .	2
At the height of the Great Famine in 1845 1847 , a soup kitchen was set up here to feed the starving .	The soup kitchen was run by nuns from the cathedral .	1
huh-uh no the the cheapest ones now are like maybe four uh four or five five dollars	The cheese prices can start at even four dollars .	1
But Drew was uncertain just how he would rub along with Shannon in the future .	Drew knew that he would get along with Shannon .	2
'Somewhat , ' I said .	I said somewhat .	0
Guided tours on Wednesdays ; car , tour bus , or bus 42 ( about a half-hour 's walk ; also stops at the Marino Casino ) .	There are no tours allowed .	2
It was a full page ad , too .	That ad was very very small .	2
It 's not too late .	There is still time .	0
oh the day like today it 's so nice outside you like to get out there and do something uh	Even on nice days you like to stay inside .	2
oh yeah yeah it 's um well of course on the green card you have to pay it when the bill comes in so there isn 't any but on the Optima card it 's um let 's see right now it 's running at about it 's not too bad it 's actually it 's about sixteen and a half percent which is pretty good as far as credit cards go	There is only the Optima card .	0
If Netscape supplied Mr. Bork with the argument why his own theories supported Netscape 's position , what did Mr. Bork supply ?	Netscape provided Mr. Bork with his argument .	0
The reality is that the only way this is going to be solved is if you can prevent it from being a political football , like Al 's criticism of me for voting to continue discussion on a variety of options at the same time ; the administration was considering the same discussion .	The only way to solve this is for it to become a political football .	2
Fines and penalties .	Puppies and rainbows .	2
In the United Kingdom , one form of TSE , bovine spongiform encephalopathy ( BSE ) , is believed to be linked to cattle feed containing rendered protein by-products from sheep and goats infected with scrapie , a disease related to BSE .	BSE is believed to come from cattle feed from infected proteins and bad water .	1
But it would be a pity to miss the quiet majesty of the Palacio de los Duques ( Palace of the Dukes of Gandaa ) , home of Saint Francis Borja ( 1510-1572 ) , fourth Duke of Gandaa , who abandoned worldly pleasures to join the Jesuit order after the death of his wife .	Saint Francis Borja gained his title by performing a minor miracle .	1
Outside the city , amid vast caves in limestone outcrops , are Buddhist temples .	The Buddhist temples are worship centers .	1
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah	The only answer that makes a difference is " yes . "	1
But the performance is splendid	The performance is really good .	0
We have observed that modernizing performance management systems and linking them to agency strategic plans and desired outcomes should be a top priority as agencies seek to transform their cultures in response to existing and emerging challenges and opportunities .	Agencies are looking to be more efficient in the future .	1
My anger helped me stay in character- it made me feel strong and smart .	My anger made me feel strong and smart .	0
i had a lawn service to do my yard for me during the real hot summer months you know until i retired now i i 've lost my excuse for that so i have to for the last couple of years i 've done it myself	I miss the lawn service that used to do my yard .	1
Quayle may be a formidable candidate , but the subsequent article explains that George W. Bush has already been anointed the inevitable one .	George W. Bush will be appointed over Quayle .	0
It would be a shame to see it finally give in and become more like everywhere else .	It 's about time it became as pleasant as everywhere else .	2
He had no cutlery , but his hands served well enough .	He used his hands instead of a fork and spoon .	0
There , unattended under banks of lights , stood half-finished aircraft shapes .	Partly-built aircrafts were standing under the lights .	0
There is none .	There is nothing .	0
But Monsieur Lawrence is not a layman .	Monsieur Lawrence is not a commoner .	0
For months after General Electric bought NBC , David Letterman mocked his new bosses as GE pinheads , and all the little ants who wrote for Dave felt sassy and bold .	General Electric did not buy NBC .	2
my oldest yeah my oldest daughter is hard headed as can be	My oldest daughter turns 18 this year .	1
i think it would be a great way to keep kids busy so that they you know they they don 't get on the wrong track um you know so that they they have someplace to go after school and they feel like they 're producing um i mean who knows what they may be doing in their free time if they don 't participate in something like this you know	Some kids could be ok if they don 't have anything to do in their spare time .	1
On the occasion of his 50 th birthday , the dancer ascends to mythic proportions with a majestic solo concert .	On the day he turns 50 , he will have a very quiet group concert .	2
Current popular The South Park palace and , you guessed it , porn sites .	At this moment the south park palace and porn sites are popular .	0
He 's Not One of Talking to his fellow journalists about the upcoming presidential press conference , George Stephanopoulos tips his You guys will make him look good .	George Stephanopoulos does not talk outside a press conference to a journalist .	0
Its wealth of trees is remarkable , including the tualang , found both in the northern half of the peninsula and in Sabah and Sarawak .	The tualang is more common in the northern half of the peninsula .	1
The furniture collection of the chateau 's delightful Mus ? ? e des Arts D ? ? coratifs offers interesting comparisons between Parisian and Alsatian aristocratic and bourgeois tastes of the 17th and 18th centuries .	The chateau 's furniture is a mix of styles from both the17th and 18th centuries .	0
When the average unit cost is graphed as a function of volume per capita one obtains a curve with a parabolic shape .	Average unit cost isn 't graphed as a function	2
yeah me too and and uh you know i think it it 's it 's most of them now carry part-time jobs on top of having fifteen or sixteen credits	Most students have full scholarships and don 't choose to work .	2
um not too awfully uh uh Sheba Sheba cost us uh two hundred dollars	We paid two hundred dollars for Sheba .	0
Today it is the site of bullfights .	It also the site of concerts and plays .	1
You will not want to go in there .	You should run right in .	2
yeah oh okay well you ready to wind up hey nice talking to you my friend yeah good night bye-bye	It was nice talking to you and I need to wind up the phone .	0
Preference will be given to poetry of the past that is especially suitable for reading aloud .	The poetry of the past is dull and should not be read .	2
but you know they do that like i went to Europe uh nineteen seventy three	I went to Europe in 2007 .	2
Remember , you yourself have once been worsted by him . Julius flushed with vexation .	" You yourself have once been worsted by him and you could do nothing . "	1
trouble is i can 't get them tight enough	They are not easy to tie down .	1
Given the steady decline in the personal saving rate , it is doubtful that Americans would willingly reduce consumption so much that the nation would be at risk of saving too much .	The personal saving rate is increasing .	2
Exca ? ­ va ? ­ tions have uncovered a 12th-century structure under part of the Palais de Justice .	Excavations under the Palais de Justice uncovered nothing except some coins and other small artifacts .	2
So these three weren 't in the same league with Mother Teresa .	They weren 't the same as Mother Teresa .	0
Not all Oaxacans classify themselves as Indian .	Some ooxacans don 't qualify themselves as Indians .	0
Likewise , changes in wealth perceived to be temporary due to fluctuating market values of assets would not affect planned spending .	The changes in wealth are quite significant .	1
Often , they will give the executive a large one-time front-end bonus when he signs his contract .	They will give the executive a big bonus .	0
and have you been reading him a long time or	Have you always been listening to him ?	2
The rule establishes requirements applicable to meat and poultry establishments designed to reduce the occurrence and numbers of pathogenic microorganisms on meat and poultry products , reduce the incidence of foodborne illness associated with the consumption of those products and provide a new framework for modernization of the current system of meat and poultry inspection .	Rules were made to ensure that meat and poultry carried no disease or infectious agent that could harm consumers and that producers understood how to prevent disease spread in their operations .	0
oh that helps right well the the other thing some people are not aware of is they will use their a their credit card like their Visa or their MasterCard for cash	Some people don 't know that they will just use their bank cards	0
i miss it	It 's what I miss the most .	1
I 'm afraid so , said Mr. Carter gravely .	It can be arranged differently , don 't you fret .	2
For further information regarding this statement , please contact J.	You can get more information about this statement .	0
This unfortunate result goes unmentioned in Penn 's summary , and the DLC 's press release begins as though it never Democratic rank and file voters are following President Clinton into the vital center of the national debate , according to a new survey .	The summary created by Penn goes into great detail about this result .	2
i think it would upset more people if they tried to change it	I think people would be thrilled if they finally changed it .	2
Since then at least one monumental social change has swept across suburbia--namely the entry of married women into the work force--without generating a literature .	There are several monumental changes that have swept across suburbia .	1
Here you 'll also get a splendid view of Osaka Castle , which is dramatically illuminated at night .	There is no view to be seen at Osaka Castle .	2
While the Chinese Communist armies drove towards the south , the flow of refugees into Hong Kong multiplied , and by the time the People 's Republic of China was proclaimed in 1949 , the total population of Hong Kong had grown to more than two million people .	Hong Kong was involved in stopping the Chinese advances .	2
Bowsher continued the emphasis on personnel improvement , strengthening the recruitment of people with diverse professional backgrounds and providing them with improved tools and work incentives .	Bowsher continued to emphasize letting go unneccesary personnel .	2
boy i tell you he i 'll tell you what you know when i was in the Air Force i met i met Collin Powell	I actually met Collin Powell when I was serving in the Air Force .	0
and see it did bring out a lot of thoughts between you and your brother	It gave you and your brother a lot to think about .	0
all right i i didn 't catch that for a minute	I caught all of that	2
From 1994 to 1998 , the multi-billionaire gave away only $ 475,642 .	The billionaire has donated millions of dollars in just a year 's time .	2
in the community itself that spill over so to speak	It spills over into the community itself ( in so many words )	0
Another popular sight are the Brindavan Gardens , in Mughal style , some 19 km ( 12 miles ) north of Mysore , worth visiting at night when the fountains are flood-lit .	The fountains are impossible to see at night .	2
The first of these reports , on program performance for fiscal year 1999 , is due by March 31 , 2000 , and subsequent reports are due by March 31 for the years that follow .	Those reports are due March 31 , and must be sent to a specific certified email address .	1
Creating and maintaining a performance management system required close , consistent , and coordinated attention above and beyond that required for external financial reporting purposes .	Creating a performance management system requires more attention than an external financial report .	0
Near the town of Anchovy , Rocklands Bird Sanctuary offers a fascinating close-up encounter with the birds of Jamaica .	Rocklands Bird Sanctuary , located close to Anchovy , lets visitors see the birds of Jamaica close-up .	0
But they will not think of that they are only anxious to get in . "	They are so anxious to get it , that they will not give thought to that .	0
Woodward will soon be able to leave the United States .	Woodward wants to leave the US .	1
Basket weaving and willow work , another of Madeira 's most important export trades , also depend upon locals working out of their own homes .	Madeira exports basket weaving .	0
I 'd been introduced already , in between acts .	I was introduced in between acts .	0
I assume that the seven represents the planets .	I assume that the nine represent the moons .	2
Microsoft is monitoring selected families for weeks to learn their hardware habits .	Microsoft is paying these families for their willingness to be monitored .	1
In the press release delayed by Mr. Bookstaver last September , Judge Lippman was more forceful in assessing the need for pro bono .	Mr Bookstarver delayed the press release because the departmenet hadn 't finished the report .	1
Poland 's road to capitalism and democracy has been a complicated one .	It has not been simple for Poland to become a democracy .	0
Did Mr. Inglethorp know of it ?	Was the man aware ?	0
A generous selection of restaurants , from fast food to fabulous , satiate the hunger brought on by walking the mall 's long wings .	The restaurants are expensive .	1
Best is the teeming shopping area centered on the rue Isambert market .	The rue Isambert market is arguably the best shopping area .	0
Either each powerful retiree is transported in some kind of titanium case or that satanic pact is still in effect even after one leaves office .	We know that the satanic pact isn 't a thing , and it certainly doesn 't remain after powerful retirees leave office .	2
you know what i 'm saying they 're not going to go without going through every channel of authority in the prison so i feel like you know that 's is there is occasions where there are they do spare lives and you know i leave that with the governor who of course is going to go through every authority because they want to be be reelected so	They will occasionally spare lives .	0
Mother and child had had expert attention , and Shadow 's coat had been groomed to a glossy silk ; her black mane and tail were rippling satin ribbons .	Shadow the horse was a year old .	1
Hostiles would not be camping peacefully here in the heart of town .	Hostiles were very unlikely to make a camp in the town center and be peaceful toward the people .	1
Telephone , letter , and direct contact are all out of the question .	Communicate via telephone , letter or direct contact .	2
It is a terrible thing to be dragged in front of the TV cameras and forced to admit that your own dreadful ineptitude led to horrible suffering , which is why I pray that none of you will ever have your divorce hearing televised .	I pray none of you have your divorce hearing broadcast on television .	0
and uh it 's just so you you know with budget restraints and things like that it 's makes it difficult	It is difficult due to the budget restraints .	0
i do crochet and a lot of uh things like that and i have very little of my own stuff and it 's kind of embarrassing people say let me see some of your work	I have never created anything with my hands .	2
We recognize that the government of tomorrow must be leaner , that it must eliminate bureaucracy and multiple management layers , that agencies must respect future fiscal and budgetary realities , and that they must be performancedriven and resultsoriented organizations .	We think the government of tomorrow must be bigger .	2
Perhaps you can at least learn quickly still .	Maybe you 'll still be able to learn .	0
She was staring searchingly around her , looking at every man .	She was staring at the ground , having given up on her search .	2
Likewise , Mount Charleston is webbed wit h many good hikes ; the ranger station there can supply more information ( 702 / 873-8800 ) .	Mount Charleston has a lot of good hikes .	0
what now what 's ten percent we can deduct	We can deduct 10 % .	0
and uh everybody everybody that is unlucky enough has to do the military service	The lucky ones get to be in military service .	2
4 ) You may be buying your dad 's chair , but you are not going to play that gender dominance game that he played .	Your dad was a strong proponent for gender equality .	2
The staff was asked to subjectively deter-mine if patients were intoxicated ( blood alcohol count ) .	The staff was queried on whether the patients had taken alcohol and were drunk .	0
on one hand you have you know that the you know the Soviet Government of course mistreating a lot of the uh Slovak countries and then on the other hand you have well they they were feeding us you know so uh	We did favors for officials in exchange for food .	1
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ( CMS ) ( formerly the Health Care Financing Administration ) , one of HHS ' operating divisions , administers both the Medicare and Medicaid programs , which provide health care to about one in every four Americans .	CMS provides health care to male Americans only .	1
Alesser , third category of arguments against NATO expansion concerns its effect on Eastern European countries that are not admitted to the club .	The effect on Eastern European countries that were not admitted to NATO was brought in the third category .	0
" What about the prisoners , sir ? "	There are no prisoners .	2
I am not a scientist .	My occupation has nothing to do with being a scientist .	1
For fiscal year 2001 , $ 25 million was appropriated for the IDA demonstration .	Only $ 8 million was put aside for the demonstration that year .	2
you can 't train somebody how to shoot in a combat situation until they 've been there i 've seen it in Lebanon i was in in the Granada invasion in eighty three	You can be well prepared for combat with training .	2
Poirot , I cried , " I congratulate you !	I 'm more excited for Poirot 's achievements than my own .	1
Evolutionary psychology tells us that economic intercourse is about as deeply ingrained in the human brain as any other form of intercourse .	Economic intercourse is about as deeply ingrained in the human brain as any other form of intercourse .	0
they have had some absolutely wonderful shows and they do they have incredibly good what are called production values they have	Their viewer ratings are among the highest versus their competitors .	1
oh absolutely and now we set up	We will wait and set up next week .	2
Following is a summary of stewardship data for the Ceramic Materials Research Programs for the 5 fiscal years ending September 30 , 199V through 199	Herein is contained a brief explanation of the Ceramic Materials Research Programs for a period of 5 years .	0
for the F-22 by about $ 552 million and to identify conditions that should be met before	The F-22 cost about $ 552 million more .	0
Two pistoleers were manageable but unknown shooters killing man after man would shake the best commander .	The commander 's men were all kept safe .	2
In fact , the letter , though written on stamped notepaper , might have been posted from anywhere ?	So you 're certain that this letter could have only come from the address on the envelope ?	2
Anyone who thinks that consilience is banal or obvious is invited to read my debates with the sociologist Alan Wolfe in Slate and with the biologist Steven Rose in Edge .	Alan Wolfe has been a sociologist for ten years .	1
Attitudes changed too .	Attitudes have always stayed the same .	2
Bush : Message that 's positive and hopeful .	Bush message inspired many to look to the future .	1
But the war and the repercussions of the French Revolution had helped to create in Spain the nucleus of a liberal national party .	France was left burning , bleeding , and badly divided by its revolution .	1
Not everyone is deflating however .	No one is deflating .	2
yeah yeah yeah just because there 's a friend up there not because there 's much else	Only because of a friend up there , not much else .	0
In that respect , the financial audit is considered the loss leader in many audit organizations with a focus on cutting hours and costs and as a means to obtain consulting engagements .	Many auditing organizations consider financial audits to be a loss leader .	0
However , modern production methods , including thin artificial canvas and gaudy synthetic colors , saw them lose favor .	Gaudy synthetic colors are among the modern production methods .	0
i uh it 's it 's funny because both of us both of us then were really just adolescents when when i think most of the major changes for adult women were going on	You weren 't kids when changes for adult women were going on .	2
The race was young when that was built , eh ? "	The race was in its infancy when that was constructed ?	0
uh it 's fairly sheltered waters right there and uh you don 't need any fancy navigation equipment because you can see all your destinations from one spot	The view of all the destinations is spectacular .	1
To help ensure that the standards continue to meet the needs of the audit community and the public it serves , the Comptroller General of the United States appointed the Advisory Council on Government Auditing Standards to review the standards and recommend necessary changes .	The Advisory Council is tasked with reviewing the standards and changing them .	0
but it uh it 's it 's wide enough to pick up uh like the width two widths of a lawn mower	It 's wide enough , about the width of the kind of lawnmower that you can ride .	1
so and the only difficulty with that is that we 're in the middle of a five year drought and so i it 's a real difficult choice whether we want styrofoam cups to fill up our landfills or uh China cups to use up our water	The drought is making for some tough choices .	0
The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy under Queen Elizabeth II and two houses of Parliament-the House of Lords and the House of Commons .	The United Kingdom is the perfect example of futuristic monarchy , where the parliament has been phased out in favor of a single visionary ruler .	2
The Commission 's Proposed Rule Making was published in the Federal Register , 61 Fed .	Federal Register , 61 Fed . , contains the information on the Commission 's Proposed Rule Making .	0
I myself nearly had the same idea .	I almost thought the same .	0
To go down , take the staircase ( 158 steps ) for some fascinating close-ups of the cathedral 's construction .	The steps of the staircase are all very high .	1
Army Corps of Engineers ' Civil Works Directorate 's Operation and Maintenance Program is responsible for the stewardship of dams , levees , and other parts of the water resources infrastructure constructed by the Corps .	The Army 's Engineers ' Civil Works Directorate 's Operation and Maintenance program watches over dams , levees and other water sources .	0
As a further blow to the economy , the British Parliament passed the Sugar Equalization Act in 1846 as part of a new free-trade policy .	British Parliament 's Sugar Equalization Act of 1846 saved the economy from plummeting .	2
It runs on a desktop computer and uses the Internet for communication among design review participants .	It runs on a tablet .	2
EPA estimated that up to 72 GWe of SCR would result from the NOX SIP Call and an additional 13 GWe from individual state multipollutant rules with approximately 14 GWe currently installed .	There are over 100 GWe currently installed .	2
The difference The first is the amount that the lucky fan is going to get ( prior to IRS inquiries ) , and the second number is the first number plus the auctioneer 's fee .	The second number is the amount the fan will get minus the fee to the auctioneer .	2
Meanwhile , Asian laborers were invited to take up the work previously carried out by the slaves ; their descendants can still be found on the island , particularly around Little London in the west .	The island 's economy improved after the end of slavery .	1
Completed in 1929 , it reflects the period when Cuba was in the thrall of the United States .	Completed in 1929 , it reflects the period when Cuba was in the thrall of the United States through the use of poetic imagry .	1
Don 't be a little fool !	Do act like an idiot .	2
In the 18th-century Baroque church , you may hear the nuns praying or singing , but you 'll never see them ; they are cloistered on the other side of the grillwork .	The church separates the nuns from the public so they can be heard but not seen .	0
Like Williams , more than 6,000 Orange County litigants have initiated court actions on I-CAN !	I-CAN has not yet been used by the public .	2
Young and pure , it can still aspire to moral clarity .	It is still fresh and new and it will always stay pure .	1
At the first , Brock , under the guise of fairness , slings enough mud to drown a Bangladeshi village .	Brock could drown a Bangladeshi village with all that mud .	0
A Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere , as Japan called it , would be the ultimate aim of this invasion .	Japan decided to invade in order to create a political and economic union of East Asia .	0
uh as long as i can remember	I don 't recall it prior to yesterday .	2
Where is beauty ?	Where might I find beauty ?	0
That plan is currently being revised - as are the	That plan is under revision .	0
Non-COPD deaths for populations aged 64 and younger are valued at $ 0 .	Non-COPD deaths in people under the age of 64 are worth $ 400 .	2
The information being collected will allow EPA to certify locomotives and locomotive engines will be in compliance with the applicable emission standards .	Locomotive and locomotive engines will be in compliance with emission standards as a result of information collected by the EPA .	0
Traditional thick cotton sweaters can still be found on Mykonos ( ideal for evening in the late season ) , although outlets are rapidly closing to make way for contemporary boutiques .	Sweaters aren 't sold , but other shirts are .	2
" Stein couldn 't get anythin ' out of him .	He told Stein everything .	2
Here you 'll also get a splendid view of Osaka Castle , which is dramatically illuminated at night .	You will have a splendid view of Osaka Castle here .	0
Hosses git themselves lost ' long them back-country trails , specially if they 's pushed hard .	Hosses have a tendency of getting lost .	0
they just they 're not meant to last at all	Planned obsolescence is why they don 't last .	1
The only worthwhile beach area is near Tartane on the mid-island Caravelle peninsula , where there 's also a park with walking trails .	Tartane has the only worthwhile beach in the area .	0
Napoleon Bonaparte , with his seductive ideas of Italian independence , was welcomed after driving out the Austrians and Spanish in 1797 .	50,000 Italian lives were lost in the eviction of the Austrians .	1
The kids will be gone in no time .	These kids will never leave .	2
To the left of the Krishna Mandir stands the Charnarayan Temple , which is believed to be the oldest temple on the square and which also has erotic carvings on its roof struts .	Charnarayan Temple stands to the left of the Krishna Mandir , and it is believed to be the oldest temple on the square and which also has erotic carvings on its roof struts .	0
Is it worth sacrificing a small amount of freedom for cheaper auto insurance ?	The substantial savings is worth giving up any amount of freedom to get .	2
The Astronomer said , in mild disapproval , " What 's this ? "	The astronomer already knew what it was .	2
There will always be localized Italian-American gangs , but a wide network of criminals who have their hooks into organized labor and adhere to a code of silence ?	Will there always be astronauts going to the moon in a space ship ?	2
But plain old greed should be adequate to explain nearly everything in finance , because finance is about making money .	Finance is about how to live a philanthropic life .	2
It operates several times a day during the summer .	It is not open in the summer .	2
Do you agree with this characterization of Lind 's argument ?	Do you concur with this portrayal of Lind 's argument ?	0
All of us have to understand that we are citizens whether we like it or not , he warned .	Even if people disagree , everyone should act like a citizen .	1
In the distance , Ca 'daan heard the ring of steel on stone and the cheer of a small crowd .	Ca 'daan heard nothing from the distance .	2
Old Whittington hurried us off .	Whittington was old and about to die .	1
Deficit reduction and balancing the federal budget are serious , complex , and demanding tasks , and the policy implications of our efforts reach across the nation , even around the world .	Reducing the deficit is very serious and difficult .	0
i had an interesting comment one time a thought that would never have crossed my mind i had someone tell me that i will never register to vote because i don 't serve on a jury	" I was told once that because I don 't serve on a jury or salute the American flag , I will not register to vote . "	1
There are antiques fairs in Newman House on St. Stephen 's Green South every second Sunday year round .	The antiques fairs open at 9 : 00 and close at 18 : 00 .	1
Scottish banking has long been held in high regard , and it still plays an important part in the world of finance .	Scottish banking is a very important part of the world finance .	0
In California everyone thinks they might be the next one to write the ultimate sitcom and buy their own piece of paradise .	There are many aspiring sitcom writers in California .	0
I missed the last couple of days because of a computer crash .	The computer crashed again and that made me miss the last two days .	1
uh-huh you had company	You had no one over .	2
we used to try and belong to clubs or the Y stuff like that but it so difficult to go on a regular basis to drive to drive the distance you have to go and	We ended up joining a local group , and saving some gas .	1
Attorney Marty Blaustein then notified Utah Nonprofit Housing Corp. , the building 's owner , that Kemp 's eviction was not legal and that he had a right to a hearing .	Kemp was evicted unfairly .	0
There must be an easier way .	It 's impossible that the old way is the easiest one .	1
but i just want to say hey you know let 's straighten out you know use that money and straighten ourselves out before we go trying to heal the world you know i mean	First , we have to fix ourselves using that money .	0
From 1977-8 , he worked for the Department of Justice from 1978 through 1981 , first as an Attorney Advisor in the Office of Legal Counsel then as Counselor to the Associate Attorney General .	His first position with the Department of Justice was Attorney Advisor .	0
whether they want one one of the three choices	They won 't have the right to choose between the 6 options	2
1 ) What has happened to the average household-level consumption and aggregate ( US Population ) household consumption of postal delivery services over the past decade ?	The budgetary report seeks to answer how use of the postal service is changing in US households .	1
Today it supplies much of the fresh produce for the population including tons of grapes for the quaffable Cretan country wine .	A lot of the population 's produce is grown there , including grapes .	0
it 's so nice though when you have a nice yard full of flowers it 's so beautiful i mean we don 't we live in an apartment also	It 's really nice to have a yard full of flowers .	0
A softer , sweeter version called torta de turren is oval and made with extra honey and whole almonds .	Torta de turren is popular dish .	1
I felt very ill and sick .	I didn 't feel well .	0
and it 's it 's been real interesting the different personalities that i that i run across	I 've met nothing but boring people .	2
Clinton 's Whitewater and assorted other troubles , having been more thoroughly aired in his first term , may have run their course .	Clinton had very few issues during his first term .	2
downtown New Braunfels	There 's no downtown in New Braunfels .	2
Those comments were echoed by another individual who advised first years that if there aren 't enough billable tasks , figure out something else to do .	They told them to relax if there was nothing left to do .	2
but um well yeah i used to watch one watch one on the air but that was back	I never watched one on the air .	2
they 're really big on stuff like that and yeah	They recently got into it .	1
it is and it the regulations i don 't think the government the government regulations are the place i i don 't think are are adequate either because they just don 't the ones i 've been in just don 't aren 't real real clean uh you know they do they do a halfway decent job but i it seems like they 're they 're they tend to be kind of slack	I 'm going to vote for someone else so that they change the regulations .	1
but uh you know fortunately for him he wasn 't dumb but boy he sure had trouble you know putting things on on paper	He was a criminal .	1
The current model relies heavily on an auditor 's expression of an opinion on historical cost-based financial statements after year-end .	The current model has no interest in the opinions of auditors .	2
Other steel may be needed to reinforce existing steel at a facility .	The current steel is not strong enough	1
And suspicious !	Obvious and suspicious !	1
During this reporting period , LSC continued its efforts to improve the efficiency of its competitive grant award system and the effectiveness of the delivery of legal assistance by its initiative for statewide planning and coordination of legal services .	Making the competitive grant award system more efficient was one of the tasks LSC focused on .	0
Japan has a number of excellent skiing areas , which quickly get very crowded in season .	Skiing in Japan is the most fun you will have in Japan .	1
The Committee 's members included telephone equipment manufacturers , employers , hospitals and nursing homes , hotels and motels , persons with disabilities , and an FCC representative .	The Committee was made up of two members .	2
As the home of the Venus de Milo and Mona Lisa , the Louvre drew almost unmanageable crowds until President Mitterrand ordered its re-organization in the 1980s .	Since its reorganization in the 1980s , the Louvre is a more enjoyable experience for tourists .	1
Some people can do OK on their own , and some people can do OK with some help , said Linda Rothnagel , the managing attorney for Prairie State Legal Services .	Linda Rothnagel said some people need help .	0
kind of like uh Jerry Glanville	Somewhat like Jerry Glanville .	0
yeah during during when the war was real hot and heavy we just had it on CNN all day long	We watched a lot of CNN during the war .	0
yeah like who	Yeah , like how many ?	2
We developed a set of standard income tax questions about which citizens typically would call IRS , obtained IRS agreement on the correct answers to these questions , and then , on a probabilistic sampling basis , called IRS offices around the country to seek help .	We never called a single IRS office .	2
Also , UPS selects certain Zip Codes for an additional surcharge .	Some zip codes have more houses .	1
By definition , that would be the last trade in the stock market .	The last trade in the stock market would be in 2045 .	1
members from other parts of the country .	Non-native peoples from other areas of the nation	1
and Americans and they decide oh make it Iraqis and Americans you know and they just change the title and uh and reshot a few parts you know where they yeah you know where they could i guess they figured we wouldn 't can 't tell the difference between an	they started from scratch and made a completely new movie	2
Quantitative Data Information based on measures that do not rely on judgments and that are meaningfully measured .	The measures judge everything about you .	2
Surprisingly and happily the villages did not allow their character to be diluted and swallowed up into one homogenous suburb .	The villages happily held on to their belief system .	1
I am 25 and have one criminal conviction for hacking , a bad credit history , and some failed personal and professional relationships .	My professional cooperation with people has consistently successful .	2
2 ) It 's based on a book written by one of Winchell 's ghostwriters , who , natch , makes himself the star of the film .	The writer is very modest .	2
And an article accuses the Navy of abusing its female combat Their fellow pilots and commanding officers gave them the silent treatment instead of helping them .	There is an accusation against the Navy about abuse on its female combat but the Navy is denying it .	1
The man toppled and Vrenna cut him down as he tumbled through the air .	The man stood his ground and beat Vrenna .	2
Lacking Starr 's faith in absolute truth , Clinton sees every side of every issue .	Clinton sees the complexity of each domestic issue .	1
These outputs are used to develop the emissions inventories .	These outputs will not be used to develop emissions inventories .	2
Meanwhile , a new survey by a contraceptive pharmaceutical company suggested that the pill has surpassed sterilization as the country 's most popular birth-control method .	Sterilization is the country 's most popular form of birth control according to a new study .	2
Next door is the Mus ? ? e de la Mode et du Textil , devoted to high fashion , the decorative art of which Paris is still the world capital .	The de la Mode et du Textil can be found in the next room .	0
He uttered an exclamation of astonishment at seeing the other .	He was astonished to see the other .	0
I came that way I don 't remember why … . "	My memory 's quite bad as it 's not the first time it 's happened .	1
i 'm not even going to try	I will give it a go .	2
and and there 's something about listening to water run that 's relaxing to the soul	I hate listening to running water .	2
[ The pro bono project ] is a great asset for all of us , she said .	According to her , the pro bone project is a great boon for them all .	0
We have talked about this over and over again ( and almost broke up over it several times ) , and she is getting better , but ...	We argue repeatedly about this all the time and it may eventually break us up again if it doesn 't get better .	1
On March 15 , 2002 , we released A Model of Strategic Human Capital Management , the latest in a series of tools designed to assist agency leaders in effectively managing their people .	On March 15 , 2002 , we released A Model of Strategic Human Capital Management	0
For example , through Boeing 's Creating Value learning project , managers learn how to recognize the importance of cash flow and its influence on business decisions , understand shareholder expectations and the consequences of not meeting them , and identify the relationship between individual decisions and actions and shareholder value .	Boeing helped to educate managers on the importance of cash flow .	1
Craft labor for installation is also indicated .	They provided the labor for free .	2
Honorius , last emperor of Rome , made it his capital in 404 , followed by his sister Galla Placidia who ruled as lavishly .	Honorius was eventually killed by Alaric the Goth .	1
Doctorow 's Ragtime , is set in 1910 .	The world-renowned Doctorow 's Ragtime is set in 1910 .	1
right but still that 's six months in a hospital	It will be an outpatient visit .	2
We first compare some statistics for Italy and the U.S.	We compared mortality rates in the US and Italy .	1
i i tend to if nothing else i tend to turn on the television at eleven o 'clock just to watch the news and or or Nightline or something just sort of get a good you know a good a good think for the day	I also watch the 11 am news in the morning .	1
In the wake of this tremendous natural upheaval , the Aegean Islands next came under the influence of the Mycenaeans ( at around 1300 b.c. ) , who had a base in the Peloponnese region of the Greek mainland .	The Aegean Islands were under the influence of the Myceanneans .	0
He can 't do it .	He can totally do it .	2
It was the home of the Talbot family for 800 years , and consequently , it has an authentic atmosphere all its own .	The Talbot family built it themselves .	1
Determined to impose their new religion in Europe , a predominantly Moorish army led by the Arab general Tarik landed on the Iberian peninsula in 711 .	Tarik was a cobbler from a small town nobody 's heard of .	2
oh goodness um i i can 't really say i haven 't i haven 't listed them or anything	If I listed them , I could tell you for sure .	1
The horse turned and still the Kal fought with it .	The man continued to fight the animal .	0
But a click made him stop .	Silence bade him continue .	2
NAAG meets four times a year so its various committees can hash out ideas for litigation , like the billing fraud case now being developed against the hospital chains .	The NAAG has only one meeting a year , because it has few cases to discuss .	2
Through the open window scraps of conversation floated out disjointedly on the night air .	Small parts of the conversation could be heard out the window .	0
They 've been shooting at everything that flies .	They shot down two aircrafts in the morning .	1
that 's right i think that 's and and the other side of the coin is um people saying well if i really like the underdog candidate i still think they 're not going to win so some are saying Dukakis is certainly not going to win why bother voting for him so i think i i think that 's a big uh a big a big reason for it how about	If all independents vote for Dukakis , he will win easily .	1
uh Mission that 's right Mission Impossible yeah i used to watch that in fact i can still remember a couple of those they were i thought those were very good	I remember a few lines from the Mission Impossible movies .	1
I thought you 'd be sure to bring her along ?	It was important that you bring her along .	1
Avoid expensive and beneficiaries disruptive incidents	Disruptive incidents should not be avoided .	2
oh no it 's something awful oh	It has never been this bad .	1
you know the food is excellent obviously that that is like i said that is important	Bad food is important too .	2
yeah because i can just see brushing up against it that it would rip your skin it 's worse than a rose a rose bush	Brushing up against it would cause more damage to your skin than a rose bush because the thorns are a lot sharper and denser .	1
sure but um yeah i 'm not sure how much the water pollution is is directly related to the air pollution other than acid rain yeah	Water pollution is directly related to groundwater contamination .	1
uh-huh um-hum um-hum right right accessories uh-huh	The right accessories .	0
Northeast of the piazza , in the Palazzo dell 'Accademia delle Scienze , is the Egyptian Museum ( Museo Egizio ) , second in importance only to the one in Cairo .	The Egyptian museum in Italy is important after the one in Cairo .	0
That 's when Johnny Shannon had his big bust-up with his pa an ' "	Johhnny Shannon kept the peace every day .	2
huh she painted the insides dark blue and then the trim what color	The trim was pink and the insides were painted red by her .	2
Jean Shope expressed her belief that addressing alcohol problems in the emergency department is the failure not just of primary care , but of many systems .	Alcohol is a large problem on the us .	1
The EPA believes that well-designed and well-executed CV studies are valid for estimating the benefits of air quality regulation .	The EPA has been using well-designed and well-executed CV studies to estimate the benefits of air quality regulation for years .	1
None of the real Hersheimmer 's friends or intimates saw him before he sailed though indeed it would hardly have mattered if they had , the impersonation was so perfect .	None of Hersheimmer 's close mates would have known it was him .	0
He was the opposite of his brother in almost every respect , being unusually shy and reserved .	He was different than his brother .	0
I 'll let you stay up to call signals from here .	You can stay up and call signals for another hour or so .	1
uh-huh will they let you take a computer home to work	I think that they will let you take one of the computers home .	1
Alcohol-related problems occur at lower rates , but in much greater numbers , among patients with mild to moderate alcohol problems because such patients constitute the greatest proportion of the drinking population .	Alcohol related problems occur at higher rates due to the many heavy drinkers .	2
'I seem to be real unlucky , '	I seem to be down on luck .	0
The highlight of the annual cultural calendar is the Festival Casals , a month full of performances given by the world 's great concert artists .	The world 's great trapeze artists perform at the Festival Casals .	2
do you ever or have you ever do you ever actively work for a candidate	Did you vote last year ?	2
The sound of a deep rumble vibrated in the rocks around them .	The sound was very loud .	1
The standoff was sparked April 27 when police arrested two ROT members--one because he refused to display license plates on his vehicle .	Police arrested two ROT members because they refused to display both license plates on their vehicle .	0
uh and Colorado is a beautiful place to live	Colorado is a really lovely place to live .	0
It was to be hoped that Julius would arrive better provided .	It was somewhat expected that Julius would come better equipped .	0
Poirot , I asked earnestly , " have you made up your mind about this crime ? "	Poirot said that he still did not know enough about the crime .	1
The evaluators were able to combine the jobs in a review that eventually involved information from 8 of 17 National Park Service regional offices and 19 of 402 field offices .	The report uses information from every single National Park Service regional office .	2
And then they 'll go looking for me and take , what , ten minutes to work everything out ? They 'll find Derry .	Derry does not want to be found at all .	1
This is because where multiple reporting is required , the units of measure are different for each of the stewardship categories .	Where multiple reporting is required , some units of measure change drastically .	1
The elegant classical 18th-century cloisters make a poignant contrast with the Romanesque church .	The Romanesque church are similar to the 18th century cloisters .	2
She went straight back to the Ritz and wrote a few brief words to Mr. Carter .	Mr. Carter would be happy to hear from her .	1
I apologize for the miscommunication and hope it did not cause any irritation or confusion .	I 'm sure I communicated very clearly and you understood everything .	2
At his bidding , French buccaneers and adventurers , some of them noblemen , started planting the flag on Caribbean real estate in 1625 .	French buccaneers were sometimes noblemen .	0
We did our best , though it may be that the auspices were too strong on the soma .	We did not try at all .	2
uh how we go about that it 's uh uh it 's a little bit difficult	It 's very easy because I know exactly how it 's done .	2
The FDA solicits comments on the information collections contained in the final rule until December 6 , 1996 , regarding the necessity of the collection , the estimate of the burden hours and ways to minimize the burden including electronic submission of responses .	The FDA asks for comments on the way information is dispersed .	2
If auditors obtain sufficient evidence of the effectiveness of these controls , they can reduce the extent of their tests of compliance .	Auditors have not the ability to reduce the extent of their tests of compliance .	2
yeah relax and try to go to sleep really yeah	Don 't relax or sleep .	2
And it was a tremendous world .	The world was wonderful .	0
Adrin , Ca 'daan , A 'deem , Jon , and Susan walked through the tent city and the market square .	They went through the tent city to go to the bathroom .	2
They finally surrendered on Christmas Day in 1941 .	They surrendered due to the acts of one brave man .	1
For example , a household could transfer amounts from existing assets to get the government match and then increase consumption in response to its increased wealth .	Households should never transfer their assets .	2
The monarchy made noticeable gains under Francois I ( 1515 47 ) .	The monarchy made gains under Francois I who ruled for fifty years .	1
He has not many sources of supply left .	He does not have a lot of supply sources remaining .	0
it 's a pleasure talking with you	It 's a pleasure talking to you , last time I spoke to you was in 2015 , right ?	1
One of the sharp-toothed monsters cried out in a low desert language .	The monsters were dusty and left trails of sand behind them .	1
okay but you can 't find no jobs like that	They are everywhere .	2
or if they 're in there and they 've got seventeen years and they 're on good behavior they get for every year they 're in they get so many less you know that they don 't serve the full penalty	Convicts don 't serve their full sentences if they exhibit good behavior .	0
The rosy view is that the market 's remarkable rise makes sense because conditions have been perfect .	The market rests on an incline , providing a view .	0
As I have discussed , my predecessors did a tremendous amount to ensure that GAO had the capacity and capabilities to serve the Congress and prepare for the future during their tenure .	It was ensured that GAO has the capacity and capabilities to serve Congress .	0
To add to his outstanding career achievements , Mr. Casellas has been a leader in many local , state , and national associations and received numerous awards for service and leadership , including the Spirit of Excellence Award from the American Bar Association .	While accepting the Spirit of Excellence Award , Mr. Casellas dedicated the award to his wife .	1
For this and other reasons , AMIGA currently reports results only through the year 2015 .	AMIGA reports only 2015 results because of reasons , said the article .	1
Although borrowing from abroad helped finance additional investment , consumption rose more than domestic investment during the 1980s .	The additional investments were financed at least in part by borrowing from abroad .	0
it 's a yeah it 's a seventy nine Lincoln it 's got over a hundred thousand miles and there is no problem with the car see the i think	The car is new .	2
I enjoyed Cullen Murphy 's brief chronicle of humankind 's never-ending search for a way to communicate the fact that much of what we try to communicate isn 't really worth communicating .	Cullen Murphy wrote a chronicle which I enjoyed .	0
Based on that guidance , fast pay is currently subject to a limitation of $ 25,000 per invoice and the following ( 1 ) geographical separation and lack of communication facilities make it impractical to make timely payments based on evidence of acceptance , ( 2 ) suppliers who will be paid under the procedure have agreed to repair , correct , or replace goods or services not conforming to requirements , and ( 3 ) and it is limited to suppliers who have had and continue to have a good ongoing business relationship with the agency .	It makes sense to make sure that invoices are only available in recoverable amounts .	1
But they in turn were ousted in a.d. 645 by Nakatomi Kamatari , founder of the great Fujiwara clan , which was to rule Japanese affairs for hundreds of years and provide prominent advisers to the emperor even up to the 19th century .	The Fujiwara clan completely disappeared after a.d. 645	2
We concluded that this amount more than met the reasonableness standard of the law .	The amount was sufficient .	0
yep this is this is it actually kind a boring subject in credit cards	This is a dull topic relating to credit cards .	0
for a while but then he switched jobs i don 't understand half the stuff he does and i have uh	For a time , but that was before he changed employment .	0
There would be no harm to Shiloh , none at all .	Shiloh won 't be harmed at all .	0
Oh , if only the young American was in his room !	I don 't want the American in his room .	2
The Broncos have invited their fans to join in , creating a stadium saluting in unison and marking the pinnacle of the football culture 's fascistic tendencies .	The Broncos could not get their fans to join in the saluting .	2
They didn 't see the light of day until their excavation in 1923 , 600 years after being abandoned during the Muslim conquests .	They were put in a museum after they were excavated .	1
Agencies are well advised to retain such unique specialized skills inhouse as core competencies , with design review a primary inhouse responsibility .	Agencies benefit a lot from retaining specialized skills in-house .	1
yep yep they 're absolutely relentless	They are very relentless .	0
We 'll see if it happens .	Can we see if it goes down ?	0
In the studies with the freshwater organisms , the water hardness for five of the six laboratories ranged between 36 and 75 mg / L.	The range of water hardness was 36 to 75 mg / L.	0
As she left the room , Poirot came over from the window where he had been standing , and sat down facing Miss Howard .	The woman walked over to him and smacked him .	2
The pirates may well have been the key to the outcome , for they alone knew the ins and outs of the bayou country , from where the British attack would come .	The pirates knew nothing of the bayou country .	2
i didn 't until i watched my friend 's cats i watched a different friends two cats one of them is really old the other one um also had been like a stray but he 's huge and we think part	An older cat and a cat that was once a stray had been watched .	0
we had i don 't know i think you had some bad weather up there too we had tornadoes and everything down here	The severe weather usually hits there at the same time as it hits here .	1
save the fees we 've decided we just save the fees and and buy some of our own equipment so	We have decided to keep the fees and purchase our own gear .	0
It landed in the center of the clearing , without losing speed , but with less noise than he had expected .	The landing impact made more noise than he thought it would .	0
Therefore , once in place , internal control provides reasonable , not absolute , assurance of meeting agency objectives .	When it 's in place , internal control gives a fair level of assurance of meeting agency objectives .	0
Gourmets award Macau high marks for dependable Chinese cooking with an exotic Portuguese food and wines .	Macau is celebrated for its combination of Chinese cuisine with exotic Portuguese offerings .	0
Historically , a narrow cobbled track transported pilgrims from the port to the monastery , either on foot or by donkey .	There was no road between the monastery and the port .	2
so you 're going to go to the big city of Lubbock huh yeah	Are you moving to Lubbock ?	0
uh-huh well our um newspaper does a pretty good job on most things but you know its uh not totally in depth and quite frankly i didn 't read all of the war stuff	I like our newspaper but I skipped the war coverage and it seems to me the stories are on the fluffy side .	0
uh accept for the private ones of course we 're talking about public	We can ignore the private ones because we 're discussing public .	0
A victory by Deep Blue would indicate its superior computational skills , but not a capacity for conscious thought .	Deep Blue is capable of superior computational skills among other things .	1
Security Weaknesses at IRS ' Cyberfile Data Center ( GAO / AIMD-96-85R , May 9 , 1996 )	There are no security problems at the IRS Cyberfile Data Center .	2
oh yeah she she was wanting	Yes , she was wanting more money .	1
Once a cathedral , the 13th-century Basilique Notre-Dame can be hard to find among the narrow cobbled streets of the old town .	The Balisque Notre-Dame is over six hundred years old and once served as a cathedral .	0
OMB publisHe 's the hierarchy in its bulletin entitled Form and Content of Agency Financial Statements .	The hierarchy is updated every two weeks and the changes are always reflected on the bulletin within one day .	1
well let me tell you that Twin Peaks was much better when it just started so maybe it 's time for it to quit i they 've gone downhill too	Ever since they added the new actor Twin Peaks isn 't as good as it used to be .	1
The Gayer-Anderson Museum beside the Ibn Tulun mosque was built as a private residence in 1540 and amalgamated with a neighboring house called the house of the Cretan Woman ( Bayt al-Kritliya ) dating from 1631 .	The Gayer-Anderson Museum was built as a public property in 2007 .	2
I am Gauve , Ca 'daan 's uncle , he said .	Gauve was the brother of Ca 'daan 's mom .	1
Every Wednesday , we have review and intake in Fort Collins ; every Thursday , we have review and intake in Loveland .	We cover a wide area and must schedule review and intake on different days for each site .	1
The analysis also discusses alternative approaches which were considered by EPA but were found lacking because they did not either significantly reduce the burden on small entities or would have jeopardized the program 's projected air quality benefits .	The alternatives suggested were lacking in comparison to the other more mainstream techniques .	1
A library of over 40,000 volumes covers all aspects of Arab culture .	The library has more than 40,000 books on the topic of Arab culture .	1
Before the balanced-budget accord , the GOP framed all opposition to its budget cuts as fiscally irresponsible conduct by people committed to everlasting deficits .	The GOP ran many slander media campaigns to sway public opinion .	1
More ambiguously , it proscribes special access to government officials .	As a result of this special access , doubt can be cast upon the legislative process .	1
uh-huh i tend to favor uh rock and roll mostly from the sixties and seventies	I like rock from the seventies the best .	1
right right at least that way the burden 's not on the family of taking their license or their car away	The whole family must shoulder the burden of losing their license .	2
Connecticut Democrats who voted for Joe Lieberman over the liberal Republican Lowell Weicker have every right to feel betrayed when Lieberman deserts a Democratic president in a partisan fight .	Connecticut Democrats that voted for Lieberman should feel betrayed .	0
There is a subtle sexism in The female domestic tycoon is obliged to behave better than the guys .	The Female Domestic Tycoon is sexist because it says that men are better than women	1
What is it , Dorcas ? "	I really don 't have time to talk , Dorcas .	2
The first kabuki theater was built in on this site in 1889 .	A kabuki theater was not built here .	2
A lot of what has happened at Disney--better advertising , smarter merchandising , revitalizing the animation department--looks obvious in retrospect .	Disney has increased profits by advertising their products better .	1
The only way to go was-	The only possible way out was-	0
Because the nature of some military assignments makes a confirmation of the presence at duty stations difficult , if not impossible , the recording of presence for duty and of specific hours during which duty is performed each day is not required .	We do not need to record the specific hours that duty is performed everyday .	0
In selecting health endpoints , we generally focus on endpoints where a statistically significant relationship has been observed , which by definition assures a reasonably	Most of these end points seem quite obvious once you know what they are .	1
Gottlieb , who was vacationing in New Zealand , asked his secretary to check it out .	Gottlieb was on vacation .	0
Her award is a tribute to her public service .	She received an award based on her contribution to the public .	0
The court was encouraged to come every day to witness the monarch 's rising from bed and moment of retirement .	The monarch likes to be watched by the court .	1
The resulting architectural eccentricities on the outside are matched in interest by a number of medieval works of art inside ( admission fee ) .	Both are interesting .	1
Jon continued .	Jon kept going .	0
Conversely , because load time is 100 percent variable with volume , it would not change , since total volume is assumed not to change .	It is thought that total volume won 't change .	0
uh-huh well i know i have um i just have a tent and the kids and i like to go out and camp in the tent and then i bought a van and that way i can sleep in the van and be more comfortable	The kids don 't enjoy the drive but they do love to camp .	1
Unforgettable memories , I 'd say . ' 	The memories are unforgettable	0
Lincoln saw us , and ducked behind a chair .	Lincoln didn 't spot us .	2
Juan Par .	His name is John Par .	2
uh-huh oh and you had to type all of his papers	yes , and you were forced to type every assignment he had	0
For a moment she struggled for self-control , and then abandoning all presence , she held it to her lips and burst into a fit of sobbing .	The woman sobbed while bringing it to her lips .	0
A piece of modern British art which New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani has fortunately been spared is My Bed , by Tracey Emin , one of five artists short-listed for the annual $ 30,000 Turner Prize .	Tracey Emin would eventually go on to win the annual $ 30,000 Turner Prize .	1
Although it is sometimes possible to enter Tibet at this border crossing , it is much easier to fly from Kathmandu to Lhasa and then travel overland back to Nepal .	Entering Tibet at this border crossing is quite treacherous .	1
How do you like the country , eh ?	What do you think about the country ?	0
cats of course don 't care too much to travel	Cats love travelling !	2
The agency representatives also said that they were not aware of any data suggesting that the lack of a standardized approach to regulatory participation was a problem to either the public in general or to the regulated entities that are most likely to participate in rulemaking .	The agency representatives were not truthful about their awareness .	1
The castle has always been considered the heart of Edinburgh , but its site is older than the city Excavations show evidence of settlement in the Bronze Age ( ca.900 b.c. ) . It dominates the skyline , sitting atop Castle Rock .	The castle is the heart of Edinburgh .	0
Despite increases in state funding to meet the legal needs of the poor , low interest rates ( which have reduced the IOLTA fund ) , high unemployment and the present economic downturn have threatened any gains .	State funding was increased to meet the legal needs of the poor .	0
He was just a man , like any other .	He was a hard-working man , just like any other .	1
Think about that for a while . He was still frowning .	He wasn 't happy .	0
Give the kids $ 20 , send them to the movies , and take refuge in the one decent offering available on the small screen , The Hustler on PBS ( 9 PM ) .	They were hoping that they would not have children around while watching the program .	1
Outside , flying Raptors rattled the windows ; an aerial assault from flustered dinosaurs .	The Raptors flew by the house looking for food .	1
Those players who stick with Parcells adore his tough love .	All of the players hate Parcells for the way he treats them .	2
Tuppence had certainly not remained long in the neighbourhood of the Moat House .	Tuppence hadn 't been in the Moat House 's neighborhood for long .	0
Whom , and what , could you believe ?	What could you not believe ?	2
why why is these hospitals making so much money	Hospitals make no money , it 's almost volunteer work .	2
Promotional items include but are not limited to frequent flyer miles , upgrades , and access to carrier clubs or facilities .	Promotional items are included and are limited to frequent flyer miles .	2
After tea , I invited Cynthia to come for a walk , and we sauntered off into the woods together .	After tea , Cynthia and I took a walk together .	0
You had worked that out , had you ?	You worked that out , right ?	0
sure absolutely	You want to have a sex change operation , got it .	1
McNary , published in the Harvard Human Rights Journal in 1993 .	McNary wrote the work to highlight important issues .	1
The rules depart from those generally applicable to proposed mail classification changes by reducing the amount of supporting evidence the Postal Service is required to produce , and by expediting the Commission 's procedural schedule for considering the particular form of proposed change .	The generally applicable rules for mail changes reduce evidence required to produce by the postal service .	0
Never able to paint anything unless he had it before his eyes , Soutine set about re-enacting some of the classic paintings he loved most .	Soutine is a very famous painter .	1
In the very few places where the book goes into any detail about anything , the political purpose is transparent .	There are 4 chapters that go into great detail .	1
The cover story reports on Robert McNamara 's visit with his old North Vietnamese counterparts .	The cover story was about Robert McNamara 's meeting with his old South Korean friends .	2
um-hum oh yeah baseball is there is there life up there like football is down here i think	Baseball and football are not on the same level .	0
Finally , he poured a few drops of the coco into a test tube , sealing it up carefully .	He put drops in the test tube and sealed it then waited .	1
Animal Life	Life of animals .	0
It depends on the civilization you 'd care to malign .	Every civilization has the potential the be maligned .	1
Tommy continued to stare at him .	Tommy stopped looking at him after a second .	2
oh it it it all boiled down to when the opening for this came up it was the best deal going it was paying so much more money than what i was making before i couldn 't turn it down	In the end , this so much more that I couldn 't turn it down , plus the commute is better .	1
i guess that i have gotten to the point where if if i didn 't have the personal computer i would be impacted a great deal on the things that i do in my life i 'm i 'm sure i would probably find ways to return to what i was doing in nineteen eighty one when i	If I didn 't have a computer , I would really be impacted .	0
I 'm known as Mr. Carter here .	When here at work I am known as Mr Carter .	1
Lindbergh openly admired Hitler , cozied up to Hermann Goering , and branded Jews as un-American agitators who used their alleged power to attain their parochial ends .	Lindbergh openly hated Hitler .	2
High-priced hookers ?	Are they low-priced hookers ?	2
Furthermore , Centrelink categorizes preventable payments into three preventable by the customer , preventable by staff , and preventable by the system .	Centrelink gives further details on how it categorizes preventable payments .	1
This is the last lap of a conduit bringing water from a mountain stream to the walled city .	The conduit brings water from the ocean to the city .	2
and she 's not cooperating	She 's not being agreeable .	0
Sir James stroked his chin and smiled .	Sir James didn 't move .	2
but you know uh i i i don 't know about if you if they was like capital murder and then if they were married then what would you do	I don 't know about you , if they were like capital murder and they were also married , how would you react ?	0
Jon looked at the man .	Jon was looking at a guy .	0
I threatened Julius with the revolver , because I wanted Tuppence to repeat that to Sir James , so that he wouldn 't worry about us .	I did not threaten Julius with the gun .	2
no i can 't either i really can 't um	With a lot more practice , maybe I eventually could .	1
well they take they take my name which is a very common name and my last name is even more common	They will have my last name .	0
Sheltered from the cold , damp , northwest winds by the Vosges mountains , the vineyards of Alsace enjoy an ideal microclimate for producing white wines that confidently hold their own against the more famous wines of Burgundy and Bordeaux .	The Vosges mountains shield Alsace 's vineyards from the chilly winds of the northwest .	0
well no he was just a jerk he put uh he put the blame on everyone but himself he went out and you know bought uh bought recruits	Eventually his lies caught up with him .	1
Heavily promote the collected Edmund Wilson-Paula Barbieri letters .	The Edmund Wilson-Paula Barbieri letters are hidden and unimportant .	2
The summary rating levels include achieved results , minimally satisfactory , and unsatisfactory .	Unsatisfactory rating lead to immediate dismissal .	1
That 's precisely because it has a stake , through its TV channels , in baseball rather than just in the Dodgers .	It has a stake in baseball when the games are televised .	1
yeah it 's nice to have nothing is better than going out there and picking your own tomatoes or different vegetables and things to eat	It 's great to go outside and pick your own tomatoes and vegetables and you 'll get more ladybugs .	1
Let 's take the morning to ponder the matter at hand .	We should think about our plan for battle .	1
and it didn 't get as you know as good a reviews as like the Little Mermaid the last one and got all kinds of Academy Awards and things last year but this one was i thought was excellent the i can 't both	It was an excellent movie .	1
No , there it is !	I can 't see it anywhere	2
On its outskirts the road croses a river where you may see children fishing or swimming off flat rocks , and women and girls washing clothes as they do in all 14 of Basse-Terre 's major rivers .	Children are fishing and swimming in the river .	1
Watched over by crows , pigeons , and parakiats and some rare birds , which will doubtlessly be of interest only to ornithologists are a number of temple-like memorials built on the site of the maharajas ' funeral pyres , and a colonnade of Hindu god-heroes .	The birds have been domesticated since they are in buildings .	1
Title 31 defines an aagency- subject to GAOas authority very expansively , to mean a adepartment , agency , or instrumentality- of the United States government , but not the legislative branch or the Supreme Court .	The legislative branch and the Supreme Court are excluded from the Title 31 definition of an agency .	0
you know and and uh first of all how many how many people had to had to die before the war you know it 's like transporting stuff and	First of all , how many people had to die before the war ?	0
I dare say I picked it up from her .	I always pick things up from her when possible .	1
the what now who who was this	They caught me a little off guard .	1
He made for the narrow spiral stairs that led to the main floor of the barn , stopped at its head , then backed away .	He bolted up the stairs at a dead run .	2
We want to know why there 's no peer accounting system , why there 's no real method of competition for grants , and why meetings are held in secret , Barr said .	Currently , there is no peer accounting system .	0
There were some peculiar points about that stain .	I had seen the exact same stain somewhere else before .	1
I wasn 't ready for a real fighter when I saw her , I could have said , but that would have been a lie .	I said I wasn 't ready for a fighter and that was the truth .	2
The American left has gone international to win a phony treaty that curbs greenhouse gases , Kristol alleged , because they can 't accomplish their goal domestically .	Kristol is biases against left leaning politicans .	1
the the magnitude of some of the red tape you have to go through	You don 't have to go through any red tape .	2
I joined them .	I reluctantly sat with them .	1
Twenty-one of the 28 heads of Notre-Dame 's kings of Judah ( see page 33 ) , some retaining traces of their original pigmentation ( 1220 ) , were found in a bank vault and brought here .	None of the 28 heads of Notre-Dame 's kings of Judah were ever found .	2
The findings confirm the expectation to some extent , but the split is not clean .	It was vindicating to find that the findings were partially in agreement with expectations .	1
It was moved here from Mespil House and is called the Hibernia Ceiling .	Mespil House is open to the public .	1
A problem could be any anomaly discovered during design , coding , testing , or implementation .	Problems can only be found during the design and coding phases .	2
# NAME ?	The demolition crew were ready to tear down the wall .	2
You 'll find a wide range of facilities here , from an 18-hole golf course to a theme park with cinemas , a monorail , boat-rides , and restaurants even a 32-lane ten-pin bowling center .	The wide range of facilities is neccesary to appease tourists .	1
but yeah that 's what always amazes me actually is that um is that you know my my wife and i always sort of bring this up about she her her being Syrian you know and my being Jewish and all we look alike we act alike we sound alike well not totally alike but you know	My wife and I have a lot of similar traits .	1
Come on then , you 've done enough gardening for to-day .	With the rain coming , it is best to stop gardening .	1
They had yet to understand the marauders who attacked , few would have seen them and survived .	They all would have seen the marauders who attacked them and survived .	2
That 's when Jacksonville Area Legal Aid Inc. steps in to fill the gap .	At that time Jacksonville Area Legal Aid Inc. fills the gap .	0
The next day 's Los Angeles Times goes with the DLC Clinton 's Centrist Big Draw Among Party Faithful .	The LA Times went with Clinton 's draw of his party 's faithful .	0
But one thing is essential , I must see the girl . "	I should not be allowed near the girl .	2
The cab stopped .	The cab came to a stop .	0
The Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County and its branch in Burbank are great for the whole family .	Burbank does not have a branch of The Natural History Museum of Los Angeles County .	2
uh-huh yeah we 're we 're all for it our um we 've got several bins in our on in our garage where we uh you know sort things out and and take it to to the appropriate places	Bins always have to be sorted before we take them to the appropriate place .	1
Would you believe , Mister Kirby , these were brought to me by Amos Lutterfield ?	Amos Lutterfield brought these to me , can you believe it , Mister Kirby ?	0
3vi Aqua ad ¦ ¦ ¦ .	Bottled water	1
Then I tore off a bit of gorse My !	I ripped off a piece of gorse .	0
In their abstract mode , conservatives argue that any group bias is unfair .	Any group bias will be argued as unfair to conservatives when thinking abstractly .	0
BASIC FINANCIAL STATEMENTS - As used in SFFAS 7 , the basic financial statements are those on which an auditor would normally be engaged to express an opinion .	Basic financial statements are a lot more fun for auditors to do .	1
Overall , world food prices have more than halved since 1975 , Bailey said .	World food prices have plummeted .	0
153 " He 'll be stopped by a policeman in another minute .	The police will never catch him !	2
Jon 's mind had trouble measuring the scope and shape of the behemoth .	The behemoth was so big that Jon could not grasp the scope of his size .	0
oh okay i don 't know i don 't know if anything will ever happen to to change change change things i i guess it 's going to have to change	It will have to change , though I don 't know if it will .	0
and if we were there like in the middle of the summer it 's unair-conditioned it was dusty and dirty um there was like a fan at the very end of the row and that was it and so we didn 't really know we weren 't supposed to we thought TI dress code was just dress appropriate to your job we wore shorts we didn 't know that was a big no no	Our dress code wasn 't in keeping with the TI dress code .	0
Now recall what the Republicans did with Horton 's An independent expenditure group aired an ad for Bush showing a picture of Horton .	Republican conduct with Horton 's was indicative of governmental corruption .	1
BMAST takes 5 to 12 minutes to administer and performs nearly as well as the longer version .	The longer version performs slightly better than BMAST .	0
The museum is probably best for younger children .	The museum is well suited for children of a young age .	0
The basic legislative structure of insurance regulation requires some degree of uniformity throughout the states .	The market best serves its customers when some consistency exists among all the states .	1
Girls aren 't what they used to be in my young days .	Girls have become something I wouldn 't recognize from my earlier days .	1
The prime example of this commingling of fact and fiction involves the origin of the Kathmandu Valley .	The origin of the Kathmandu Valley is not a mix of fact and fiction .	2
yeah yeah i 've got a weight bench and we got my wife an exercise bike and i use that sometimes too	I do some weight lifting at least one a week .	1
The low wages and long periods of unemployment in agriculture often compel farmworkers to return seasonally to a home base in Mexico .	Workers often have to return to Mexico because of low wages .	0
Sure I 'm from home .	I was born from home .	1
so what 's the point in voting for these people i i mean it you know i get just as good of results as if i through darts at a board	I am always positive that they will give us the great results they promised .	2
The girl stood behind him on his right side .	She was related to the man .	1
Drew began to think about that .	Drew started to ruminate on that .	0
No wonder HMOs sign up 50,000 new Medicare customers every month .	No wonder HMOs are signing up 3 new Medicare clients every three months .	2
The great Buddha seated in the domed stupa is worshiped by Hindu artisans as Visvakarma , carpenter of the gods , so the sanctuary is known as the Cave of the Carpenters .	The seated Buddha was not worshiped as the Visvakarma by the Hindu artisans .	2
The larger of the men closed in from behind them .	The men were safe with no one coming near them .	2
But this caveat has a The prospect of future punishments gives you an incentive to investigate the corporation 's history before you buy , which improves the chance that bad behavior can be uncovered while the actual perpetrators can still be punished .	Threats of punishment encourage you to research companies before purchase .	0
Is that so ? " The girl hesitated , her glance shifting to the other two .	The girl looked at the other two and asked if that was so .	0
Nash did this by constructing a bizarre set of inequalities that left his fellow mathematicians thoroughly befuddled .	A bizarre set of inequalities , that left his fellow mathematicians thoroughly befuddled , were created by Nash .	0
They include an alpine house , a palm and orchid house , and the Curvilinear Range , a spectacular curving glasshouse of cast iron .	They have an alpine house .	0
Critical to the product development process were activities that enabled the capture of specific design and manufacturing knowledge and decision reviews to determine if the knowledge captured would support the increased investment necessary to move to the next development phase or into production .	The knowledge captured was the primary influence on what the next stage would be .	1
But other than that , the illusion was unimpeachable .	The exception to the illusion 's ability to be impeached was quite significant .	1
The Clear Skies Act is designed to decrease air pollution by 70 percent through an emission cap-and-trade program , using a proven , market-based approach that could save consumers millions of dollars .	The approach has been based on several successful markets .	1
Also , all individual health insurance coverage must be guaranteed renewable .	Individual health insurance doesn 't have to be renewed .	2
The more pacific Greek-style temple known as the Maison Carr ? ? e , an elegant monument dating from the first century b.c. , is noted for the finely sculpted Corinthian capitals on its columns .	The Maison Carr temple has a Greek style .	0
Last year , medical student David Cook wrote in the journal the Pharos about his own experience observing as medical students and doctors practiced placing a breathing tube into a freshly deceased patient .	David Cook is a law student .	2
i uh for the longest time i i 'd gotten rid of my gas credit cards and then all of a sudden i started getting a flurry of these things so i i did i have picked up three gas credit cards in the last couple months	I picked up three gas credit cards in the last few months .	0
To participate in the debate over how to reform Social Security and Medicare , the public needs to understand the difficult choices the nation faces .	The public needs to understand how little money the government has .	1
I haven 't seen him either , replied Tuppence impatiently .	Tuppence impatiently replied to the police officer who wouldn 't stop asking him questions .	1
i wanted to move there it sounded like uh a neat place to live an island in the sun you know and uh	I thought an island bathed in sunlight sounded like a neat place to live .	0
eighties and you know when i left here and we 're down to the thirties and twenties and	We were at eighty but now we are between twenty and thirty .	1
North of Temple Valley , next to the 13th-century Norman church of San Nicola , the small but important Archaeological Museum has a fine marble statue of Ephebus ( fifth century b.c. ) , a gigantic telamon , a 25-ft sculpted male figure used to hold up a temple roof 's entablature , and some superb Greek wine vessels .	The Archaeological Museum is located next to a 13th century Norman church .	0
to read so it 's real enjoyable	I read it everyday because it is so enjoyable .	1
Therefore , although there is little slack in the availability of boilermakers , better coordination may have avoided the labor shortage problems .	If there was better coordination , boilermakers would have better prospects for employment .	0
However , the buildings beautiful though they are have not been able to accommodate modern computerized banking equipment ; increasingly , the institutions have moved to modern buildings around the city .	Sometimes old buildings cannot house modern electronic equipment .	0
'The rear carriages , ' White said , unnecessarily .	White offered up his unnecessary comment .	0
Come on , let 's go up to the loft . "	Let 's visit the loft .	0
I would never leave guns in the hands of madmen , said Jon .	Jon said everyone should be able to defend themselves with guns .	2
But he certainly could have been instilled with a tendency to misrepresent in order to please a possible employer .	He refuses to lie to anyone .	2
They believe that the meaning of an event is more likely to be caught in the qualitative net than on the quantitative hook .	They think an event 's end goal is more qualitative than quantitative .	1
Look , Slim , we can 't start acting suspicious or they 're going to start investigating .	Look , Slim , we have to keep acting normal .	0
primarily one of his brothers and i won 't give the the whole plot away but it 's it 's really a good movie uh Al Capone had three brothers	I can only tell you that Al Capone had three brothers in the movie .	0
Even if Republicans decide later that they don 't actually forgive and forget , it may be too late .	It may be too late for Republicans to realise they don 't forgive and forget .	0
Reading up on the nation 's Founding Fathers , I couldn 't help but feel that some of the stories might have been just a little bit exaggerated .	It 's obvious to me that none of the stories of the Founding Fathers were exaggerated .	2
An evaluator in the field may observe that coordination among local agencies funded through the same federal agency is more frequent than coordination among local agencies funded by different federal departments .	More congruity exists between agencies that have a common purpose .	1
Surely the war had affected the little man 's brain .	It seemed the war affected his mind .	0
This initiative permits LSC to distribute grant award letters electronically from a secure website .	Grant award letters can be distributed in more than one way .	0
okay okay that 's interesting i guess really though i 'm a native Texan so that really the about the only team i 've ever uh followed has been the Rangers	I have followed the Rangers since I was very young .	1
We will stay one night .	We will only stay for one night as we have to continue our journey the following day .	1
Hidden amongst it is the little 11th-century church of San Giacomo di Rialto San Giacometto to them claimed by locals to be the town 's oldest .	There is a church that is older than the San Giacomo di Rialto San Giacometto .	1
Activist groups are dubious .	I fully trust in activist groups .	2
For example , in NSIAD 's study of conditions on submarines , auditors spent time aboard submarines in a variety of situations , getting firsthand knowledge of life in these vessels .	Auditors were not allowed in submarines and were unfamiliar with them .	2
but he 's i don 't know uh he 's much much much more so It 's sort of interesting though because he does bring a a much um different perspective with all the Gulf goings on um	He spouts the same old same old about the Gulf goings on .	2
It was approved by OMB on January 23 , 1998 .	OMB denied their request on January 23 , 1998 .	2
Sheppard , Time ) . Skeptics renew old attacks on sociobiology 's all-encompassing view of human nature .	Skeptics leave the old attacks out of it .	2
a 11023 ( b ) ( 2 ) provides that the Administrator on his own motion or at the request of a Governor of a State . . . may apply the requirements of this section to . . . any particular facility that manufactures , processes , or otherwise uses a listed toxic chemical under the conditions stated in the statute .	There are facilities that manufacture , process and or use toxic chemicals .	0
it is it really is and i mean they 're the first ones that take the brunt of everything	They 're the first politicians to take the brunt of everything .	1
Cuneiform tablets found here record the arrival in Anatolia of warlike invaders around the second mill ? Υnnium b.c.	The arrival in Anatolia is recorded in cuneiform tablets .	0
well they they should work their way they you know they should should be able to work their self out of it or you know why why why intervene in another country 's you know problems and things like that why why should we be the ones that have to do it and things like that but i think just a lot of times if we don 't then then it will then that influence will affect our country too for one and for two you know that it does help i mean you know i think the people in those countries do want our help the people that are you know under conditions that are you know not favorable to this their rights	I think it is absolutely in everyone 's best interest for our country to intervene as much as possible .	2
who did you root for in the Super Bowl	Did you root for anyone at the Olympics ?	2
it 's going to it 's going to go to the highest bidder	The highest bidder will get it .	0
She didn 't go away .	She stayed there for all eternity .	1
LSC , therefore , required its grantees to begin to examine , on a statewide level , how all grantees in a particular state would serve in the present , and plan to serve in the future , the civil legal needs of low-income persons .	LSC required them to look at how grantees would serve low-income people in civil court .	1
Ca 'daan considered how well the man and woman complimented each other .	Ca 'daan , in all of his travels , had never seen two people more dissimilar from one another .	2
Several current publications have begun to remedy this lack of prospective , randomized trials .	12 current publications have written about the lack of randomized trials .	1
'Sort of , ' I said .	I didn 't want to , but slightly agreed .	1
right right yeah one of the weirdest things i saw i think it was around this time last year was a twenty six degree lightning storm	I will never forget that twenty six degree lighting storm I saw last year .	1
The official Archaeological Museum of Luxor lies a little way north .	There is a museum north of Luxor .	0
Lawrence remained behind , but after a few moments Cynthia called to him over her shoulder to come and join us .	Lawrence wasn 't confident enough .	1
Jon looked into the huge Voth 's eyes , black pupils and irises .	But Jon had blue eyes .	1
well here 's the poor United States they helped us get on our feet so let 's help them	It 's morally the right thing to do , to help them too .	1
Yet surely it could not be !	It was absolutely possible .	2
Another influence was that patrician politician Franklin Roosevelt , who was , like John D. Rockefeller , the focus of Nelson 's relentless sycophancy and black-belt bureaucratic infighting .	John D. Rockefeller was never of any interest to Nelson because he was of no use .	2
The idea of both you and Tuppence casting me for the part of Mr. Brown just tickles me to death ! "	I am very upset that you and Tuppence cast me in the role of Mr. Brown .	2
Late Edition ' s Frank Sesno cited his desire to spend more time with his wife and children as one of the reasons he had decided to step down as host of the show .	Frank Sesno said he stepped down to spend more time with his family .	0
According to the Journal , nine other Democratic lawmakers who received contributions from Huang spoke with him during this same period .	The Journal claims that only one Democratic lawmaker received Huang 's contributions .	2
I 'm amazed .	I 'm amazed	0
Auditors should place their findings in proper perspective by providing a description of the objectives , scope , and methodology used to conduct the work .	Auditors should avoid placing their findings in perspective .	2
Ha ! said the old gentleman , surveying him apoplectically .	The old man was angry with him .	1
Virginia oh that 's neat i talked to somebody from Ohio the other night	I talked to the person from Ohio for a long time .	1
Why the strange new respect ?	Why so much content all of the sudden ?	2
Sources for related information include GAO , the agency under review , and others .	GAO and the agency being reviewed are two of important sources of information that 's relevant and related .	0
We divide out-of-office delivery costs into their components using the method developed by the U.S.	Labor and fuel costs are the two largest component costs .	1
Those who already know Italy well will inevitably feel that a few of their favorite spots have been neglected ( though they may also be grateful to not have their secret exposed ) , while they 'll find others they never heard of .	Nobody feels as though their favourite Italian spots have been neglected .	2
have you seen it	What did it look like ?	1
Its lobby features hand-painted ceilings and Spanish-revival decor of wrought-iron grillwork .	The lobby contains various forms of arts and its decored with Spanish arts .	0
The gross cost of the entity is understated in such cases ; and to recognize an exchange revenue is to recognize a revenue without some or all of the related costs , and hence to understate the entity 's net cost of operations .	The total cost of the entity was understated by a million dollars .	1
She had noticed the speaker more than once amongst the first-class passengers .	She was not able to find the speaker within first class or economy .	2
If content did continue as a rate-setting factor , it would probably take a different form from what now exists .	If content did continue as a rate-setting factor , then people would die out by 2020 .	1
45 billion , successfully transitioning the government in an endeavor of this scale will take considerable time and	Whenever there is an initiative of this size , it takes a long time to complete the transition .	1
For each of the above three allowance pools , each facility 's allocation will be adjusted to ensure that the total amount of allowances allocated does not exceed the applicable total of allowances available for allocation for the year .	There are three allowance pools .	0
The Ds ' motto is We , the People ; the Rs ' motto is Ew , the People .	The Democrats represent the People .	0
When people speak of such pan-ethnic continental clans , they are merely regurgitating American definitions of race .	When people speak of such pan-ethnic continental clans , they 're really talking about the Asian race .	2
You can always get to know one .	You can always learn more about one .	0
France , they say , is the victim of savage , unrestrained capitalism--although it has the largest government and the smallest private sector of any large advanced country .	France has the smallest private sector of all the more populated advanced countries .	0
San 'doro moved like wind , cutting saddles off of horses , cutting the arms that dared to attack him , and the throats of the fallen .	San 'doro ran , slaughtering anyone in his path .	0
The aim is for one wrestler to force the other out of the ring or to make him touch the floor with anything other than his feet .	The goal of the match is for one wrestler to get the other out of the ring .	0
The avenue ends at the Geku 's Shoden ( main shrine building ) , which together with its eastern and western treasure houses is enclosed by a series of four unvarnished wooden fences .	The Keku Shoden borders the avenue at an intersection .	2
well how do you feel how do you feel about uh companies drug testing prior to hiring	How do you feel about employment aptitude tests ?	2
And for two-income couples , getting married nearly always results in a higher tax bill .	Getting married makes your tax rate go down .	2
initially predicts increased demand for postal delivery services .	There 's expected to be significantly less demand for postal delivery .	2
It can be quantified .	It is countable .	1
In an interview with the Director of Rich notes The Director indicated that the National Science Foundation procedures had changed three program for grants to small times since the inception of the colleges , the following question is program .	The director said the NFS procedures changed .	0
I 've always liked John La Care , Le Carrier , or however you pronounce his name .	I don 't know how to pronounce his name , but I 've always been a fan of John LaCare .	0
The palace stands at the head of the wide Durbar Marg avenue leading south .	The palace is located at the head of Durbar Marg Avenue .	0
The more Brown is attacked , the better she does .	Brown continues to improve .	0
Because she said so .	Because she said so .	0
yeah uh it didn 't hurt them any	They were reckless and caused many causalities .	2
we uh just you know for like a short weekend or something we don 't go for the long you know week long thing	If we had more time off of work , we 'd love to spend a week .	1
We 're both thrilled , our parents are happy , and our mutual friends haven 't quit telling us that they told us so !	Our parents are upset about it .	2
because just like now especially crawfish it is starting to move out you know and more and more people are beginning to find out how good it is	Crawfish is becoming a known dish all over the place .	1
uh not a whole lot it they 're they 're in pretty good condition um as as far as uh major repairs you know lot a lot of little filling holes and nicks and things like that but uh the only the most major things have been uh oh i guess i i moved a couple of outlets and or uh switches i should say they for some reason they put a bathroom light switch in the hallway and uh yeah and i i didn 't like that very well so i i moved that but uh	their condition is pretty good and they don 't need a lot of major repairs	0
The construction of Hoover Dam did not single-handedly save Las Vegas , however .	Hoover Dam is one of seven total dams in Las Vegas .	1
You 'd think this sort of thing would show up in more educational reform plans .	You would think they 'd leave that out of plans .	2
they probably do you know if that 's all they see of us oh God what a thought so next time i think of that next time i meet somebody from Japan they 're going to think oh Married With Children yeah that 's what she 's like	I am japanese .	2
The court moved back from Versailles to Paris .	The court resided in England .	2
I have yeah and i 've been watching uh my husband 's French and so if i 've been watching the French news when i watch it it 's incentive speaking of Bush we 're going to get a little off topic but speaking of Bush they that had	There is an incentive to viewing French news because it helps me to watch my husband 's French .	0
uh our children live here and our home will always be here but	Our home will always be here and our kids live here .	0
A third factor is the newsroom division between politics and policy .	The newsroom unfairly reports on politics and policy .	1
do you believe that that 's that 's one of those interesting pieces of trivia that somebody said did you notice that i thought no it 's really funny but i thought it it turns you think back and yeah it was him but with a	That 's one of those interesting pieces of trivia .	0
You have a message for me ?	You don 't have anything to say to me ?	2
Drew 's head went up , his throat was rasped raw by the Yell which had taken desperate gray-coated troopers down hedge-bordered roads in Kentucky and steep ravines in Tennessee , sending them , if need be , straight into the mouths of Yankee field guns .	Drew 's throat was raw from yelling .	0
HHS performed a Regulatory Impact Analysis which is included in the preamble to the final rule .	HHS failed to perform any kind of analysis .	2
Holyrood Park , within the confines of the city , provides an ideal area for walking .	Holyrood Park is actually a large boating lake .	2
yeah if there 's running into a cash short or something there 's some things some purchases i make that i will do always on credit card just so i have a record of them just like when i take all my cats down to the vet i always pay that on credit card	I use a credit card when buying laptops .	1
It is important to keep in mind that before you venture into any live gaming area , you should familiarize yourself with the basics of the games you intend to play .	Spend about 15 to 30 minutes getting to know a live game before actually playing it .	1
) The narrative is laced throughout with colorful , distinctly Southern characters , including a Delta store owner who displays a Happy Holidays sign year round ( [ w ] e have a holiday every two months or so ) and a Georgia rabbi whose rock ' n ' roll temple fuses Jewish and Southern ways ( [ w ] e 're sort of reconformadox ) .	The store owner in the narrative is a cheerful character .	1
uh me and the uh insurance adjusters adjusters are are very familiar with each other and my husband still works there and uh	I know the insurance adjusters very well .	0
What are you trying to suggest ?	You are attempting to suggest something .	0
yeah is there is a a fear to it as far as what happens if	We all have a fear as far as what happens if .	1
The Archaeological Museum of Iraklion is without a doubt one of the greatest archaeological collections in the world .	A large and impressive collection of artifacts can be seen at the Archaeological Museum of Iraklion .	0
The Neo-Classical State Library , with its imposing colonial facade , was once the State Secretarial Building .	The colonial facade is in good condition .	1
he was very good for Lubbock when he came to he did you know it was the same kind of thing he he he had a lot of good results	He was not very good for Lubbock .	2
yeah during during when the war was real hot and heavy we just had it on CNN all day long	CNN had the best coverage during the war .	1
The world 's perception , however , hardly reflects the real Los Angeles .	The world has a perception that doesn 't really depict Los Angeles due to Hollywood and films .	1
2 Questionnaires were answered by agency headquarters senior facilities engineering program directors and fieldactivitylevel project managers .	Program directors and project managers answered questionnaires .	0
The portraits , in which he used calm observation and academic skill to depict external reality while representing the interior through distortion and paper-tearing physical force , are more troubling than many of the interestingly science-fictional renderings of his visions , for example .	The science-fictional renderings of his visions were interesting .	0
A national probability sample of households .	The sampled the households .	0
Obviously , there was a lot more to be covered in later courses .	Later courses will be containing much more information .	1
i 've been making a lot of quilts well not a lot but several quilts lately	I 've been making a lot more quilts than usual lately .	1
sent the signal , consciously or not , that she wasn 't entirely free of shame herself .	She sent a seemingly unconscious signal regarding her level of shame .	1
yeah i really don 't have any other	I have plenty of others .	2
Quick as a flash his left hand , the hand which bore the big signet ring , was raised to his lips … .	He had rings on both hands .	1
If households then spend a portion of their realized gains , this spending further reduces the saving residual and the saving rate .	If a family spends money on a trip to Monaco they are effectively reducing the saving rate .	1
uh they finally got smart and got a riding lawn mower which was a big improvement for for us us kids who had to go out there and uh mow the the grass every every week	The riding lawn mower they got us works much better for us .	0
She tilted her head , considering him , and smiled back .	She thought about him .	0
'Uh , I think maybe I 'll get something to eat and we can do this later- ' I started to babble , stepping out of the bath .	I got out of the bath while I was babbling .	0
When you gather background or other data , ensure that they are from the best available source ( s ) .	The best source available has the most information .	1
From years of corporate bathroom use , the rule among men seems to be nothing spoken in the sit-downs , banal comments of the Hot enough for you ?	Corporate bathroom conversation is limited to idle comments about the weather .	0
that 's like my husband does that he can watch them over and over and i 'm there 's very few i would want to see that many times so he he once he has one he likes he likes to watch it over and over	My husband watches movies many times .	0
But Bronx Legal Services ' Mr. Thompson took little comfort from those concessions .	The concessions did not favor him .	1
Mrs. Vandemeyer and the Russian seemed to be at variance over some matter , and finally the latter exclaimed bitterly : " With your persistent recklessness , you will end by ruining us ! "	Mrs. Vandemeyer and the Russian got along at all times .	2
Funny you should ask .	Funny you should ask , I 'm not actually pregnant , I 'm just a fat man .	1
At Portela ( 662 m / 2,172 ft ) , the views of the coast are striking .	Portela has several nice hotels available for tourists .	1
Behind the church is the 1917 French Mission Building , now used as the Court of Final Appeal .	The 1917 French Mission Building is behind the McDonalds .	2
This summer , the legislature ordered a Nov. 2 referendum to decide the status of poker once and for all .	The public is pleased about having a say in the status of poker .	1
Without public scrutiny and review of the terms of a given rate or service agreement between the Postal Service and a customer , there could be no assurance that these substantive criteria would be satisfied .	Without public scrutiny , there could be no bad men	1
If you 're exhausted , there 's no better way to wear out the kids than a day at the beach .	You can wear kids out at the beach .	0
Before he could try again , a messenger arrived with an order commuting Nichiren 's sentence to exile on the island of Sadogashima .	He was able to make another attempt before a messenger arrived with an order .	2
It might possibly bring about another war not with Germany this time !	There is a probability that this could bring about another war .	0
His hat rolled off .	His hat fell off his head .	1
Oh , don 't make me drink it " her voice rose to a shriek " don 't make me drink it ! " Mrs. Vandemeyer , glass in hand , looked down with a curling lip at this sudden collapse .	Mrs. Vandemeyer was forcing her to drink Kool-aid laced with rat poison .	1
An eclectic collection of colorful cottages set atop low cliffs in a secluded bay .	There is a collection of cottages on the cliffs where couples can stay .	1
The square is the site of the Ayuntamiento ( Town Hall ) , with a beautiful Baroque faaade designed in the 18th century by Lorenzo Chapuli , a local architect .	An architect named Lorenzo Chapuli designed the facade of the Town Hall .	0
Beautiful at any time of year , Aira Force is a 20-m ( 60-ft ) waterfall spanned at its peak by a narrow stone foot-bridge .	The Aira Force waterfall is the most beautiful in summer .	2
The island 's capital , with almost 3 million inhabitants , is one of the most intoxicating cities in the world .	There are 3 million inhabitants in the island 's capital .	0
Born in Sevila in 1515 , she spent three decades in the Convento de la Incarnacion , outside the city walls , as a novice and later as prioress .	She was a novice in the Convento de la Incarnacion and later she became a prioress .	0
One wing of the palace houses a museum devoted to kings Tribhuvan , Mahendra , and Birendra .	The palace is over fifty thousand square feet .	1
Off Rua da Carreira is Caleda Santa Clara , a picturesque , hilly street full of interest .	There is an interesting picturesque street in the area .	0
uh-huh and how the kittens come out	Yup , it 's like how kittens are born , the mother takes care of everything .	1
There had been times when I hardly thought that Poirot appreciated me at my true worth .	Oftentimes I rarely thought about Poirot 's consideration of my true value .	0
We 've got to reduce the liability of lawyers willing to engage in pro bono , in much the same way the Good Samaritan Law protects doctors who stumble onto accidents and provide care , said Mr. Rooney , who is also a general practice partner in Rooney , Mannicci and Gardner LLC of Bethlehem , Pa .	Mr. Rooney said that we need to reduce the amount of liability of lawyers who agree to work pro bono .	0
It should begin at the lowest level of the product design .	Marketing research should be applied just after starting product design .	1
EPA officials said the agency recognized that this varying level of service was being provided to many of the same customers , and therefore was in the process of improving the quality and consistency of their electronic dockets .	The EPA is actively investigating provides known to throttle service .	1
Lub ? ? ron and Vaucluse	Vaucluse lies west of Lubreron	1
He sat next to Johnny Carson and in his helium-pitched foreign man voice told jokes without punch lines ( Her cooking ees so bad--ees terrible ) and did non-impressionistic impressions	In his high pitched foreign voice , the man told Johnny Carson jokes without punchlines and terrible impressions .	0
What 's more , Mrs. Knott 's chicken dinners remain in great demand ; they are served at the restaurant at the park entrance .	The chicken dinners that Mrs. Knott 's makes are made with fresh , free range chicken .	1
One of the innovations being tested at this time is the use of automated computerized screening with real-time production of brief workbook content tailored to specific problems .	There are many innovations being tested , but they often end up in failure or take many years to see the light of day .	1
Yes , time is an advantage if , if , there has been foul play .	Time is an advantage if there was criminal activity .	0
This brought forth a small number of articulate dissensions .	The election vote brought up some people dissenting the choice .	1
If we do this right , we can cut their numbers by a third and not lose any of us .	The plan was devised by our tactician .	1
Cooperative Research Projects Program , vols .	Cooperative research project program	0
South of Kitchener Island is Elephantine Island , home to the Temple of Knum .	The Temple of Knum is located on Elephantine Island .	0
These on-site reviews will allow LSC management to identify program weaknesses , engage in effective Corrective Actions Plans oversight , and provide program-specific needed guidance and oversight .	The on-site reviews will help LSC management identify program weaknesses and give guidance and oversight , an ability they never had before .	1
personal computers are are nice i guess if you can afford them the the problem if you happen to use one at work is you tend to get spoiled with the uh maybe a higher grade one maybe the the economics and the payback of having one at a business is a little bit better than having one at home and i 've read a few articles that uh where people have nice uh three eighty six machines and nice graphics and the nice software packages and then when they come home they they just can 't stand to come down to the X T level and and don 't like the the slowness or the in some cases not even having a hard drive and that 's pretty much where i fall into i use a a relatively nice array of machines at work for scientific purposes and i have a variety of of uh speeds and complexity of machines depending upon the instrument that it 's controlling and then i have one that i do just general purpose work on and then for the house i don 't have anything uh not that i wouldn 't want one but i would probably not be satisfied with anything less than a really nice one and that 's that 's a quite an expense and then all the software tends to be uh	PCs are so cheap everyone should have one .	2
oh i go to aerobics classes and stuff but	I go to the aerobics class everyday .	1
oh yeah why is that why is that	I am very familiar with the reason behind that .	2
and uh there are some very nice resort hotels so you can go in and uh enjoy a very classy dinner uh the Peter Island Yacht Club is uh extremely exclusive like uh i think they 're probably charging five hundred dollars a day for a room now	The Peter Island Yacht Club is very exclusive and expensive .	0
Banish the bars and cafes and you 'd disconcert the whole of Spain .	The Spanish people wholeheartedly support the idea of banning all bars and cafes .	2
During the 19th century some criollos ( particularly in Oriente , the island 's poorer , eastern region ) became increasingly disenchanted and desired greater autonomy .	During the 19th century some criollos succeeded in their rebellious activities .	1
Specificity was also poor .	Specificity was not the only thing doing poorly .	1
uh it 's a social programs without the corresponding responsibility i guess is	Social programs with no accountability .	0
For a moment he had a vision clear and terrible in his mind .	He was thinking about killing his family .	1
In some ways , this is the only way to make an intolerable situation somehow manageable .	There are tons of ways to manage this intolerable situation .	2
yeah i 've done that once or twice i didn 't look at the clock when we started talking so i guess we should talk about football a little bit longer just to be sure we got five minutes in	I never do that because I 'm always looking at the time	2
Yeltsin 's in tight wi th the old guard so it may be trying to choose between the lesser of two evils at this point	It 's like picking the lesser of two evils .	0
It is haunting its recurring refrain , and keeps pulsing through my mind , now , every day .	The thing haunting me is a powerful symphony .	1
Parallel with the north end of the beach is Tel Aviv 's busiest thoroughfare , Dizengoff Street .	Dizengoff Street runs parallel to the north end of the beach .	0
many years ago and uh uh it it it 's gotten to the point now i think where the uh secretaries are are finding other jobs to do because you know the typing and to some extent the filing is just not there anymore	Secretaries are looking for other opportunities .	0
It will only be known after the vote of Nov. 6 if the queen will go the way of a species of dinosaur just discovered in Australia .	The vote is on November 6 in Sydney .	1
They were baffled but not discouraged .	They fully understood , and it got them down .	2
But Royko also challenged white Chicago 's prejudices , skewering bigots who tried to keep a white couple that had adopted a black baby out of their neighborhood or a funeral parlor that didn 't want to bury a black soldier killed in Vietnam .	Royko challenged racial prejudice in Chicago , arguing for rights of families and soldiers .	0
i spent uh couple years down there moved down there in eighty seven and moved out in eighty nine	I only lived there for two years .	0
i haven 't read that oh yeah um-hum	I am expected to finish reading that today .	1
um-hum um-hum oh yeah i think when you 're in college you kind of you have more of a regular schedule in terms of you can watch every week	The hectic college schedule makes it hard to watch things .	2
12 No unreasonable offer refused . ' 	I won 't turn down an unreasonable offer .	0
No clear decision .	There is a clear decision .	2
A luxurious seaside villa hideaway with a championship golf course on a tropical estate originally built as a sugar plantation .	The villa is luxurious .	0
Treated them well ! Scooping them up , keeping them in a cage , giving them grass and raw meat to eat ? Tell me how to speak to them .	They fed them with grass and raw beef .	1
The result was an enormous protest outside the Tribune by Hispanic groups that took his comments literally and demanded that he be fired .	All the Hispanics were pleased with the comments he made .	2
'I 've got this , uh , project , ' I waved my hands vaguely .	I gestured with my arms .	0
This site provides examples of public management initiatives in a variety of areas , including ethics , performance management , and regulatory reform .	This site has examples of initiatives in an array of areas . There is a small fee to access them though .	1
check and see if we should answer the door at night so yeah so well i 've enjoyed this and uh	Check and see if we are supposed to mail that letter .	2
Despite his attempts to quell the extremists , Robespierre was overthrown and guillotined in the counterattack of the propertied classes .	Eistein attempted to quell the extremists , but was killed anyway .	2
Pottery intricately painted with marine life , bronze figurines , and exquisite jewels many of these were discovered in the rock cut tombs of Palace Period yet it is the mundane and simple things which make Knosses so fascinating .	Most of the exquisite jewels are rubies .	1
It was begun in the momentous year of 1066 , and William the Con ? ­ quer ? ­ or made its first abbot his archbishop of Ceterbury .	It started in 1459 .	2
It was recognized that the standard auditor 's report could be made more useful to users who are seeking greater information about what the auditor did and found , as well as expanded assurances .	The standard auditor wrote a report that was useful to users .	0
There are over 60 tombs in the valley and some still yet to be discovered dating c.1490 1100 b.c. , but not all will be open on your visit .	There are a lot of tombs in the valley .	0
What 's their bet ?	Whats the gamble ?	0
and she didn 't act like it bothered her at all oh this happens all the time and we walked through the fence out the alleys or come to the back of the house you know and walked and i looked down both directions of the alley and i saw neither one of them and uh	She wasn 't bothered , but I couldn 't find them and panicked .	1
These days Santa Cruz is best known for the Aeroporto de Santa Cataria ( international airport ) that serves Funchal and all of Madeira .	The international airport in Santa Cruz serves Funchal .	0
In another ED study , a saliva alcohol level equivalent to a BAC greater than 0.10 g / dl in an injured patient identified harmful drinkers ( AUDIT & gt ; 8 ) with a sensitivity of 65 percent .	It is possible to identify harmful drinkers over half of the time .	0
It 's also only a short ride ( 21.2 km / 11.2 miles ) from the Pointe-du-Bout hotels , some of which have special package arrangements with the club .	The Pointe-du-Bout hotels have no agreements with the clubs .	2
The heat of the morning sun beat down and the smell of spices hung in the air .	The air was scented with herbs as the sun shone downwards .	0
Nor a mantle , nor a cape , nor a , how do you call it ? , a sports coat ?	It was a sports coat .	2
in any of them since eighty one	It 's been none of them since 81 .	2
Still , in that unlikely event , there is always the possibility of bribery . "	Bribery is always possible .	0
Still , his report raises potent questions about the Torah codes methodology , questions even Rips acknowledges to be serious .	Potent questions that even Rips acknowledges to be serious , about the Torah codes methodology are raised by his report .	0
and never see any of that money than to have them take a portion of my paycheck	They 'll take my money without any thought to me .	1
you ought to do your job	You should do what you are paid to do rather than stand around and talk .	1
well i let 's hope it well it if it 's the same as what we had at least it 'll be warmer	Let 's pray that it 's like what we had .	0
Also , new advisers would not have to register initially with a state or states , then deregister and register with the SEC if they had the expectation of being eligible for SEC registration within 120 days .	New advisers wouldn 't have to register first with a state before registering and deregistering with the SEC .	0
Each level has a colonnaded facade , and as you approach on foot it gives you the opportunity to take in the monumental scale .	A colonnaded facade can be found on every level .	0
well yeah well unfortunately i just had replaced the the power antenna uh you know it kind of dumb having the garage door i drove out before the door was completely up and the radio was on so it took off the antenna	The first antenna came off in a car wash .	2
What will be done ?	I already know what 's going to be done .	2
I suppose you are quite sure that the latch-key was forgotten , that he did not take it after all ?	Are you sure he left the key behind after dinner ?	1
Impaling all the old men took a long time and when the armored men stood the pikes upright , the sharp tips gleaming from the elders ' gaping mouths .	It was hard to impail the old men because of all the armor they had on .	1
Coffee has replaced the ubiquitous tea Dublin is now almost as much a coffee city as Vienna or Seattle .	Dublin still relies mostly on tea rather than coffee .	2
Perfectly .	Pretty well .	1
In a moment or two he roused himself , and went on with his investigations .	He stopped investigating .	2
Retired employees do pay premiums , however , and the service cost to the employer entity is defined net of the actuarial present value of those future premiums .	Retired employees pay an average of £ 50 a month in premiums .	1
and didn 't understand it and it	Those are difficult topics .	1
During Bowsher 's tenure , GAO first began doing general management reviews , which looked at broad organizational and management issues at government agencies .	Under Bowsher 's leadership , The GAO began doing general management reviews , looking at broad organization issues within the Government .	0
But I can 't help feeling that it 's rather a forlorn hope .	" I can 't help but think that maybe this is false and desperate hope ... "	0
The preamble to the proposed rule contained the information required under the Paperwork Reduction Act concerning the collections , including the needs and uses of the requirements , the number of estimated respondents , and the total annual burden hours .	The information required under the Paperwork Reduction Act was contained in the proposed rule .	0
well um i guess i i 'm more concerned about public safety than i am about the um the concern for the private uh the idea of preserving privacy for the individual um because i can 't really see why anyone	The results from protecting privacy result in less help than in protecting public safety .	1
Mountain bikers can call Escape the CityStreets to arrange a more rugged ride through the canyon 's Cottonwood Valley .	Escape the CityStreets can be called to arrange a ride that is more rugged .	0
The most widely seen is hierbas ( which means , literally , herbs ) .	It is common to see herbs .	1
ever , and it forbade doctors employed by the program from discussing abortion with their patients .	Doctors were free to discuss abortion with their patients .	2
I know the smell of fear and blood as you do , my friend , and I still miss it .	I hated the smell of blood , which was disgusting .	2
yeah it 's really neat i and i even as an outsider passing through town you know after three laps around the exterior of this mall they pretty well know you so it 's it 's a fun thing to do	I was an outsider and passed through town and memorized it all .	0
The castle dates from the early 1600s .	The castle was constructed in the early 1600s .	0
The straw items ( bags , placemats ) are now made in China , as are many of the other tourist tchotchkes on sale here .	Most of the tourist items in here , especially the bags , were made in China .	0
U.S. they account for approximately six percent .	They make up twenty percent .	2
I strolled to the window , and saw at once that the begonia beds had been newly planted .	I walked to the window and looked out .	0
i do know a couple good shade tree mechanics and i call them once in a while for advice and once in a while for advice and once in a while they 'll come over and say oh this is how you do it you know and i try to learn	I get great advice from some mechanics I know .	1
They are a tremendously able group of Americans .	They are very competent at their jobs .	1
Well , in every press interview I 've ever had that goes over 25 words , two of them are Garrison and Keillor .	Garrison and Keillor are quoted among these 100 words .	2
right right right and it 's not an easy sacrifice for a person to make because you know i you know i have interests	It 's not easy to sacrifice that	0
other than that i mean i you know i got five or six others that i can i can look up for inspiration or something i don 't know but uh yeah but	They 're great artists and I reference them regularly .	1
yeah uh i yeah that 's true that 's true we did we did and uh do you all do you all uh do you all have to water a lot over there	Do you have water ?	0
a 2 ( 1976 ) to include any executive department , independent commission , board , bureau , office , agency , or other establishment of the Government .	Government establishments , like the bureau , are impacted by inclusion .	0
What 's striking , as Sharon Hays recently pointed out in The Cultural Contradictions of Motherhood ( 1996 ) , is how tenaciously we cling to intensive motherhood , as she calls this ambitious mission , despite its increasing impracticality and despite how guilty it can make us feel .	Intensive motherhood is practical and has no side effects .	2
Park Suite yeah right across the street yeah	Park Suite is across the street .	0
Then he saw a religious beggar who seemed serene , and he realized the path his life must take .	The religious beggar attacked him which caused him to take a path of revenge for the future .	2
We now have the essentials--a huge army dominated by leaders far to the right of the rest of society , a vast chasm between a tiny rich minority and everyone else , and the proliferation of soap operas in prime time , despite the counterrevolutionary snubbing of The Sopranos at Sunday night 's Emmy Awards .	One essential which has been missed off the list is being able to order food using your mobile phone .	1
oh yeah uh-huh and and they 'll keep going until they get that out of you when your wife is going to be here because they want us to be here together because i guess uh it 's it 's	They usually take no for answer and leave you in peace .	2
yeah like my husband says we just have two kids it 's hard to keep them out of things let alone pets	My husband said it 's hard enough to keep the kids out of things and it would be worse if we had a pet but we are getting a dog anyway .	1
so where have you been where have you been camping before	What hotel have you been staying at ?	2
affect an audit organization 's independence to conduct audits , which is discussed in chapter 3 .	In chapter 3 , it is discussed how and audit organization 's independence is affected to conduct audits .	0
um there 's hope i actually for all for the time i 've spent there i still don 't quite understand how certain things that i assume and require privacy and require not just that you be alone but actually that you have a sense of privacy	Even when I was alone there , there were certain things Irefused to do for lack of privacy .	1
For the most spectacular view , climb up to the broad path that runs along the roof of the arches on its perimeter .	The broad path does not offer a good view .	2
Notice how the ritual ablutions , which are highly elaborate when performed by a learned Brahman , usually involve a kind of crouching movement completed at least three times in the water .	Brahmans are the most qualified people to carry out the ablutions .	1
It should be noted that the presence of City Mail has already prompted Sweden Post to lower prices for large volume mailers in areas served by its competitor .	Competition caused the Swedish Post to raise prices across the board .	2
He walked back to a small corner of the smithy where filthy rags made a floor bed .	The oil covered rags were arranged to make a bed .	1
In the 1980s , it was 1,281 m ( 4,203 ft ) high , having added 79 m ( 259 ft ) with the big eruption of 1944 and subsequent smaller ones .	It is likely to collapse if there is another big eruption .	1
The state unemployment tax differs from state to state in terms of the tax rate , tax base , and certain other characteristics , and unemployment benefits also differ from state to state .	Each state has the same unemployment tax benefits .	2
oh it is it 's it 's a lot of fun especially especially if you can find somebody that 's uh that 's got the same level of interest that that seems to be the hardest thing well about that 's that 's that 's true of any sport you know if you want to play tennis or	It 's very enjoyable , particularly if it 's with someone whose on a matching level to you .	0
The man went down again .	A man fell down .	0
These include stone vessels , pottery , hammers and a potter 's wheel .	Ancient pottery and tools have been painstakingly dug up and preserved in the museum .	1
Additional techniques for communicating information security policies are discussed in the next section on promoting awareness .	The next section will touch on additional techniques for communication security policies .	0
This from a woman whose first book was a best seller , published in 14 countries .	Her books have never been published internationally .	2
Did you not find it yourself ?	You were not , you simply gave someone else a hint to find it .	1
Patients were asked to place themselves on a readiness scale of 1 to 10 .	Most patients rated themselves as a 5 on the scale .	1
Most popular of all , down the coast beyond the naval city of La Spezia , are the beaches of Viareggio , favorite Tuscan resort , together with its more up-market neighbor , Forte dei Marmi .	Tuscany is one of the most popular places for tourists in Italy .	1
The breakup of the U.S.S.R. shattered the army into 15 pieces , as Russia lost nukes , ships , bases , and many of its best officers to newly independent republics .	The army broke into 15 pieces in 1992 .	1
After he left Apple , he founded NeXT and tried to go the hardware-software route again , until he had to sell the hardware unit to Canon and the software to , yes , Apple .	He left Apple and immediately founded NeXT , however it turned out he had to sell the hardware part of NeXT to Canon and the software part of NeXT to Apple .	0
Later in 2002 , we were able to study the 2001 data .	The 2002 data was studied by us in 2001 .	2
This is a great thing she has done for me in this world , she said as tears welled up in her eyes .	She has done absolutely nothing for me in this life .	2
I am surprised , Richard , that you find Faludi 's characterizations of the male crisis to fit the British profile .	I 'm surprised you disagree with Faludi 's characterizations .	2
It 's palpable in the narrow streets that meander south from the calle Mayor ( Main Street ) and quiet plazas in and around La Latina .	It 's palpable in the narrow streets that meander south from the calle Mayor because the history is so easy to see .	1
Countries can compare experiences , seek answers to common problems , and work to coordinate domestic and international policies .	Countries can work together on domestic and international policies .	0
He 's been opining for 25 years .	He does not write about his opinions at all .	2
But the Soho house is under police supervision night and day .	No police are watching the Soho house .	2
Things were much too ineffable , it seems , for Italian tastes .	They were perfect for the tastes of the Italians .	2
Sales of goods and services .	Sales can be both goods or services .	0
how about if it was uh a seventeen and a half year old with a a list and all uh of what do they call it uh criminal as long as your armed over the history of a violent crime	What about someone who isn 't eighteen yet ?	0
Modern Indian Christians , some descended from the Syrians , others from those converted by British and Portuguese missionaries , number about 19 million .	Modern Indian Christians consists of a population of 19 million of Chinese descends .	2
That he was not in the house last night .	He was not at the house last night .	0
I 'll get a working Franklin Sim up and running in a couple of weeks , I promise .	I will create a Sim to make inventions in the game .	1
Freely flowing comps ( complimentary food , drink , and entertainment ) were the order of the day , with mob bosses content to provide an environment of pleasurable excess as long as the cash kept rolling in .	At the time food , drink , and other luxuries were very expensive for patrons .	2
She was as much a rebel as I.	She was as docile as I.	2
The postal revenue decreases by e of a cent times the 20 billion pieces , but the postal cost decreases by 4a time the 20 billion pieces .	The postal cost decrease is the main factor in the increase of revenue .	1
and i think you know to yeah and then you have the women uh detectives now and you know different roles just in what we see and so we probably want to do that even more now	More women are being encouraged by other women taking these roles .	1
Unlawful lock-outs or evictions are often timed to coincide with brief absences , and may ripen while an alien is out of the country visiting relatives .	Being locked out of a residence may happen when one is away for more than a few days .	0
I am as ready to fire a former Union soldier as I am a Confederate "	Don 't test me because I am ready to fire anybody who crosses me .	1
The most adventurous trek for experienced climbers is a full nine-day walk up and down the peninsula 's highest peak , Mount Tahan ( 2,187 m / 7,173 ft ) high .	It is only for experienced climbers .	1
and uh i think that 's probably going to be one of our next investments is get her get her a set of clubs and uh we 'll get out of the driving range and and get some interest built up and hopefully we can uh we can start in	It was a massive failure when we tried to get her interested in golf last year .	2
The Romans completed the temple in a.d. 60 and as you explore the interior you can see the cartouches of Roman emperors on the walls .	The Romans never completed the temple .	2
If you wish to access the encrypted guide on GAO 's Web site , please send your request via e-mail to digitalguide @ gao.gov.	You can also request by calling the phone number listed on the website .	1
The modern air-conditioned building is well designed , with a small number of delightful pieces on display including a striking basalt statue of Pharaoh Tutmosis III .	There is a statue of Pharaoh Tutmosis III in the building .	1
um but now nowadays they can 't even they can barely scold the children for something you you know without getting sued	You can scold children as much as you like and there 's nothing they can do .	2
well they get a little money for it i mean they they pay they sell it so they should be you know unless it 's a hassle or a labor	They meant to pay for the phone bill .	1
In the town of Hiraizumi just a 20-minutes bus ride from Ichino-seki Station you 'll find a temple dating from the late Heian period ( early 12th century ) .	The temple has been restored many times .	1
not now that 's true did you say you work in Plano	Did you say you work in Plano ? I 've been there .	1
No doubt there would be other occasions that clearly met the standard where intervention was unrealistic .	Interventions are unrealistic in some occasions because people have already made up their minds .	1
On the crowded pavement there was little chance of his attracting their notice , and he was anxious if possible to catch a word or two of their conversation .	He was starved for human interaction even from the uncaring masses .	1
Affirmative action in its current guises is unlikely to be the best or even a good way forward	if we use affirmative action as it is now , we will only go backwards and there will be riots .	1
All his life he will live with what he has done , knowing that act , no matter how good , will ever wash the blood from his hands .	He will be tormented by the memory of the act replaying in his mind .	1
It 's also popular with American expatriates , who often can be seen playing touch football or softball games .	It is unpopular with people in the area and is basically abandoned .	2
Yours , TOMMY BERESFORD . " A peculiar smile lingered for a moment on Julius 's face .	Julius had a smile on his face .	0
But while whiteness-as-blessing expresses the arrogance of privilege , whiteness-as-burden reveals the willful ignorance of privilege .	Looking at whiteness as a blessing expresses arrogance , but seeing it as a burden makes one ignorant .	1
The latter is visible from here in a straight line beyond the Obelisk on place de la Concorde .	The latter doesn 't line up with the Obelisk on place de la Concorde .	2
But we didn 't do it alone .	We were all alone when we did it .	2
That is not what I intended to say .	I meant to say something kinder , but it came out wrong .	1
Oro was creeping up once more , inch by hard-won inch .	Oro was able to take the lead by a nose .	1
On a stay at one of these lodges , a half day is usually spent in dug-out canoes searching for endangered gharials , a narrow jawed fish-eating crocodile , and their flesh-eating cousins , the huge marsh muggers .	Canoeing is prohibited during your stay at one of these lodges .	2
They 've only agreed to keep talking .	The agreed to a full peace treaty .	2
This CIO believes that money is not the only motivator for IT staff .	A survey did reveal that money is the strongest motivator for IT staff .	1
yeah back well when i had cable i used to just keep it on CNN not to watch it but just to have it in the background because i 'd always listen to it	CNN is good for background listening	1
i 've only got i 've only got two uh two cards now i 've got a Bank of Scotland Visa and a Citibank MasterCard	I have over four cards at the moment .	2
What if that prosperity is a temporary illusion ?	Prosperity is definitely a temporary illusion .	1
LSC and LSNJ have both moved to dismiss the case .	The case is going to be dismissed .	0
You can count on me . " As Tommy had judged , the faithful Albert proved an invaluable ally .	Tommy had already known that Albert would be an important ally .	0
The capital of the island is Myrina .	Myrina is no longer the island 's capital .	2
In addition , the specific key conditions and strategies described in this guide will provide insight when considering areas of future study .	This guide has material useful for future study .	0
Let 's go shoot , said Jon .	Jon said they shouldn 't shoot anything .	2
well it 's probably on its way up there it was heading north	It started going west before heading back east .	2
So why are Jack Kemp , the Wall Street Journal , and so on so fixated on gold ?	Gold is a very important topic for some at the Wall Street Journal .	0
The girls wield branches of the holy sakaki tree and dance to an orchestra composed of wooden clappers ( hyoshigi ) , plucked zither ( koto ) , mouth organ ( sho ) , and the oboe-like hichiriki , together with flute and drum .	The girls hold branches of the Sakaki tree and dance to an orchestra .	0
oh yeah everybody who lives out in the country or or around around my area everybody who lives out in the country has a gun	It is very common for people who live out in the country to have guns .	0
The government controls the number of allowances that are distributed and reduces them over time .	The reduction of allowances will help to cur governmental costs .	1
I had just left the service of the Emperor as his hand in the South .	He was going back to the service of the Emperor .	2
Here and there were neat racks of miscellaneous tools .	There were many tools lying around .	1
oh i like to read too what kind of books do you like	What kind of books do you like ?	0
All right , my beloved nephew , you 'll do the honorable thing !	All right , I know that you 'll do the best thing because you are a good person .	1
I 'd say , suh , if they 're but a sample of Range stock , the breed is excellent .	I recommend you get one from the Range stock breed .	1
The 6-3 decision declared that such restrictions do not violate First Amendment rights , as money is property ; it is not speech .	Most of America would agree with the court 's decision regarding freedom of speech .	1
Although Bond was noted for his bravery and prowess , he was in fact named after a man of very different Fleming took the name of his 007 hero from the author of the book Birds of the West Indies , which had been researched and written a few years earlier .	The Bond from the book Birds of West Indies was not brave at all .	1
The Carthaginians also considered the island a holy place , and here in great splendour they buried thousands of their citizens in a huge necropolis on the Puig des Molins ( Hill of the Windmills ) below the Dalt Vila ( Old Town ) of Ibiza .	They thought the island was a scary place	2
When I arrived at the chateau , I realized at once that it was Mrs. Inglethorp who had burnt the will ; and there , by the way , you cannot complain , my friend , for I tried my best to force on you the significance of that bedroom fire in midsummer . "	Mrs. Inglethorp did not burn the will .	2
I don 't know anyone responsible and knowledgeable who can .	Nobody I know can do it .	0
He , too , began to play the part assigned to me , he writes in Witness .	He is starting to play the part that was assigned to him .	0
I am offering you the chance to earn a place in history . ' 	Do you want to secure your spot in history ?	0
By the way , the tragedy of the commons is not a theoretical construct from a 1960s environmentalist .	By the way , the tragedy of the commons is just a theoretical construct .	2
The DPs can barely open their mouths without savaging the president .	The DPs are always singing the praises of the president .	2
That is why I want you to do it .	I want you to kill the demon .	1
When agencies lose major accounts , they often fire nearly everyone involved with the account .	If an agency loses a big account , it 's not uncommon for them to fire everyone who was associated with that account .	0
The overwhelming majority of these patrons gamble responsibly and impose no burden on their fellow citizens .	These customers were complained about by many other citizens for their gambling habits , but they have imposed no problem visibly to any citizens .	1
how far west have you been	How long have you stayed at the places you 've been to in the west ?	1
So what objection could there be to castration of sex offenders ?	Previously , an objection had been raised .	1
so i want to get a new uh four eighty six chip but uh i don 't know	I want a new four eighty chip when I am able to .	0
No observer can enter a scene without preconceived ideas , but they can be set aside .	Zeros personal bias is the assumed state of being , for many people .	2
Just four years later , cholera claimed the lives of up to 7,000 Madeirans , and in 1873 the dreaded disease phylloxera destroyed the remainder of the vineyards .	Cholera restored the vineyards to their former glory .	2
so we decided when the cable came through that we would get on it just so we could see what we were watching if we watched anything at all	When the cable came through , we decided we could see what we were watching but forgot to do it .	1
In the current climate of scarce resources , LSC must remain committed to pursuing bold new approaches that foster effective legal assistance to low-income clients , including overhauling service areas adjudged to be insufficiently responsive to the tenets of State Planning .	In an era of abundant resources , LSC should scale back its commitment to providing legal assistance to poor clients .	2
( Tonight at 2 : 30 : Sherilyn Fenn and Rob Estes in Permission From a Male Relative or Shannon Tweed and Harry Hamlin in Clearance From the Vice Squad . Even if you put Adrienne Barbeau in it , A University Degree just doesn 't have the same ring . )	There are no shows screening on TV tonight .	2
We either go get them or we only get paid for the skinny one Telek got .	We get paid $ 100 for each person we have .	1
On primordial I don 't believe in single identities , but there are root identities such as being a Basque , a Catalan , a Kurd , or an Occitan , especially when there is a need to assert such a root identity against a larger , sometimes more smothering polity or culture .	Kurd is one of the root identities that I would recognize .	0
So it made sense for Lemann to move from the history of ETS to the history of affirmative action , as it affected higher education admissions .	They didn 't focus on affirmative action at all .	2
well i 'm going to try to please clean up the house after my two children for about an hour see if we can walk around okay bye	I only have one child I have to clean up after .	2
their church doesn 't teach birth control they preach against it	Their church believes in teaching abstinence as the only method of birth control .	1
right that 's what i one thing i like about TI is that they aren 't overly strict about what you wear and they don 't you know your boss doesn 't come up to you and say now remember tomorrow you have a meeting so you 'd better wear a suit i mean they they leave it up to you and your judgment to to use good judgment and dress tastefully and dress for whatever occasion you may have	One thing I liked about TI was that they were not worried about a dress code .	0
Mitchell , what happened here ? Muller turned to the man at his far right .	Muller and Mitchell are friends .	1
Nobunaga was assassinated by one of his own generals in 1582 , and Hideyoshi , who had started out as a simple infantryman , succeeded him .	Nobunaga was poisoned by his generals and succeeded by Hideyoshi .	1
They roll north as the air cools and then the torrent rakes the northern trail for two months .	They knew where they were heading .	1
The analyses describe the reason for the rule and the legal basis for it and include descriptions and estimates of the number of small entities affected by the rule ; discussions of the recordkeeping , reporting , and other compliance requirements ; and the steps taken to minimize the burdens on small entities .	The analyses describes why the rule is in place .	0
yeah that kind of	Yeah , that kind of thing I told you .	1
The Left Bank has , in contrast , always presented a bohemian and intellectual image , dating back to the founding of the university and monasteries ; today , the Sorbonne , the Acad ? ? mie Francaise , the publishing houses , and the myriad bookshops continue to exercise an intellectual magnetism .	The Left Bank has been around for 800 years .	1
no and i thought my God talk about tying up things for for	I thought my God , why would you try and steal	1
he 's no Spring chicken anymore and like you say Warren Moon 's an excellent Warren Moon 's an excellent but he 's very exciting to watch uh-huh sure uh-huh absolutely	He is not as young as he used to be .	0
and uh pick them up and carry them there and that kind of thing	Leave them over there and do nothing with them .	2
Table 4.1 highlights some tax provisions aimed at encouraging saving for retirement , buying homes , and investing in education .	These same tax provisions are aimed at encouraging savings for emergencies as well .	1
Show us how .	Show some of us how .	1
Now , if Keynes ' interest-rate theory is not so easily written off , perhaps we should also look again at that paradox of thrift .	If you can 't forego Keynes ' theory , you should then look at the absurdity of the idea .	0
Turning to ways of assessing the quality of completed case studies , we have provided guidelines for reviewing case study reports in appendix III .	There a large number of guidelines that must be followed .	1
4 Cultural / Historical Relativism	Historical Relativism .	0
well that 's what you i mean that 's what you need in a pet if your going to have small children too	You need pets to have a certain fur type when you have small children .	1
Eligible to vote except by proxy .	Banned from voting under any circumstances .	2
The following identifies some of the lessons that can be gleaned from observing states that have made significant progress toward building state justice communities and attaining the goal of equal justice .	Most states had to increase funding in order to achieve these goals .	1
Based on suggestions from the general public we have considered and made changes to the text where appropriate .	The government were taking into consideration their audience 's reactions .	1
That 's why I sent the girls off to Sir James .	That 's the reason I instructed the girls to go to Sir James .	0
In 1793 , when the leaders of the Revolution declared the palace a national museum , the Louvre held 630 works of art ; a recent inventory listed 250,000 .	The leaders of the Revolution declared the palace a national museum and soon 1 million people were visiting each year .	1
Alas , much of the avenue has been destroyed ; a few sections of it survive on the road east of town , where many of the 13,000 trees still standing are maintained by corporate sponsors .	Despite the chaos in the region , the trees still prosper .	1
But L.A. is also linked with adventure and maybe even danger , complete with earthquakes , floods , crime , and scandals of O. J. Simpson proportions .	L.A. has a reputation because of previous earthquakes , flood , crime and scandals .	0
A state foundation is giving West Texas Legal Services and the Fort Worth chapter of the NAACP more than $ 1 million to help provide civil legal services to the poor .	West Texas Legal Services is one of the organizations receiving over $ 1 million .	0
And Mr. Brown is a consummate actor .	Mr. Brown is the best actor ever .	1
both i think it 's it 's a matter of both um economics economics has a lot to do with it unfortunately but uh i think a lot of choice has gone into it lately and and most of them or or a lot of women i know would rather	It is not at all about economics , and entirely about morality .	2
Indian dance is marvelously expressive , with every gesture and movement signifying a vocabulary of emotions .	Indian dance is the most emotionally expressive form of dance in the world .	1
The Getty Conservation Institute in California recently sponsored a virtual-reality recreation of Queen Nefertari 's tomb in Egypt , which purports to let cyberexplorers look at the 3200-year-old wall paintings ...	California is a state in America .	1
Locals and visitors alike enjoy fishing from rocky shores and harbor jetties .	The harbor jetties have room for plenty of people to fish .	1
Some participants suggested that perhaps serving as a director on a board should be a salaried position if shareholders were willing to bear the cost .	No participants dared to suggest that serving as a director should be a salaried position .	2
Whither away so fast ?	Why so fast away from here without me ?	1
The figures visually demonstrate the relationship between low postal density and / or low volume and high average unit costs	High postal volume justifies using robots to sort mail .	1
Anti-Terrorism Airline Personnel Say FAA-Ordered Training Program Is Boring , Ineffective .	Anti-Terrorism training can be boring and ineffective .	0
The Allies only managed to gain a toehold on the peninsula , and then deadlock ensued , with nearly nine months of static trench warfare .	There was nearly fourteen years of static trench warfare .	2
The club itself was a bastion of Ascendancy establishment .	Without the club there would be n o Ascendancy establishment .	1
And it 's certainly not worth hundreds of lives .	It is worth one life .	2
well no that 's it you could interpret it that way uh	You can view it that way .	0
The lush river valley cuts deep into the heart of the mountains , with sheltered habitats for many birds and butterflies .	The birds and butterflies would not be able to survive without sheltered habitats .	1
" We have , " Drew corrected .	Drew corrected the statement and said yes we do .	0
He overheard the whole conversation 34 of course .	He heard nothing , despite his efforts .	2
It has until recently seen fewer foreign visitors , although package flights from Europe now land at the airport of Kavala on the mainland for the short ferry croseng .	It has seen fewer foreign visitors recently because of the rise in crime .	1
Samples are collected over a very short period of time and on a relatively infrequent basis .	We collect the samples rather quickly in regards to time .	0
c ) Betrayed by Linda Tripp .	Saved by Linda Tripp .	2
If you want us to leave , we will be gone tomorrow .	We refuse to leave . You can 't make us .	2
For example , in 1633 , the Vatican ordered Galileo to deny the evidence of his own eyes , as assisted by the new telescope he had designed , and stop teaching that God 's earth was only one of many planets in orbit around the sun .	The Vatican wanted to stop Galileo and get him to spread the Vatican 's beliefs .	1
that 's certainly no kind of deterrent and i would tend to agree with anybody who says right now that it it 's not a deterrent uh a deterrent because it 's not	I don 't agree that it isn 't a deterrent .	2
Limestone is the most commonly used reagent , with the quantity of its consumption depending primarily on coal sulfur levels .	Limestone is used the most with the amount of its use depending on coal silver levels	0
Dexter and Jones are also seeking financing for their piace de resistance , the King Dream Center , a $ 50-million interactive museum complete with virtual-reality games .	The king dream center is a really cool and popular attraction .	1
oh yeah he was so excited about going	I talked to him yesterday and he was very excited about going to work over there at the agency .	1
Such hearings will further underscore for agencies the importance that Congress places on creating high-performing government organizations .	Congress doesn 't find importance in the creation of government organizations , and tends to make that known in their hearings .	2
Thus , economic growth depends not only on the amount of saving and investment but also on an educated work force , an expanding base of knowledge , a continuing infusion of innovations , and a sound legal and institutional environment .	Economic growth depends on how much you save and invest .	0
In the past , the absence of a broadbased homeland security definition or the ad hoc creation of a definition by individual government departments suggest that a consistent and transparent definition be applied to help create a more integrated approach and unified purpose .	There has always been a broadbased homeland security definition .	2
No , the fellows at the office said she 'd just gone out .	They told her she was at the office .	2
It might also be pointed out that Dole supported the political pardons meted out by Gerald Ford , when he served as Ford 's running mate in 1976 .	Dole supported Ford 's pardons .	0
uh from what i 'm seeing and hearing and all the the big pattern that 's really looking forward for spring is the grub pattern	I 'm seeing and hearing stuff .	0
He could see the ground sweeping away beneath them from all points .	They quickly lost sight of the ground as they swept forward .	1
yeah it 's it 's like our car industry the only reason our car industry hasn 't gone down the tubes is because the Japanese you know came into it and helped us out	The Japanese are experts and leaders in the car industry .	1
i think it 's going to have to get worse before it gets better you know the same old cliche	I think it 's getting worse .	0
One tank holds paste , the other gel , and the two strands join on your brush in beautiful harmony .	There is one tanks that contains the paste and gel .	2
the and i i like that that 's good fun reading	I have a good time when I am reading .	0
Another annual highlight is the two-week O-Mizu-tori Festival at Nara 's Nigatsudo Temple , one of Todaiji 's subtemples .	The O-Mizu-tori Festival is the most minor festival of the year .	1
But maybe this here will learn him a little hoss sense "	He needs to learn some hoss sense .	1
The litigation ban is Litigants challenging the covered statutes or regulations do not receive LSC funding , and neither do litigants defending those laws against challenge .	Litigants defending and challenging the covered statutes or regulations do not receive LSC funding .	0
Benchmarking offers one tool to identify which technologies offer the most return for the investment made .	Benchmarking is not the only tool you can use to find out which technologies offer the most return for the investment made .	1
The combined effect of the R & amp ; D and program expenditures , together with other policies described in the CEF report , implies a steady reduction in total energy requirements over the period 2000 through 2020 .	Research and development suggest that there will be fewer energy requirements in the 20 year period following 2000 .	0
Louder , less expensive , younger , and weirder places come and go around Bastille and Oberkampf .	Extravagant people go to these places multiple times a week .	1
At posh hotels with posh connections , supplies would be high-level and instantaneous .	Nice hotels would have no supplies .	2
well uh my uh brother had a Lionel train set he was a a bit older than i and so when i came along i was interested in uh fooling with the train and since he was was past that stage why he didn 't have any objections and uh in fact i started doing a layout uh in our garage at one time but i got about as far as sort of painting some uh streets and things on a piece of plywood and putting up a few things and it got to be hot summertime when i gave it up	My older sibling never owned any kind of train set .	2
well no he was just a jerk he put uh he put the blame on everyone but himself he went out and you know bought uh bought recruits	He was a nice young man .	2
A succession of weak and decadent emperors saw the Roman Empire fall gradually into decline and anarchy .	The fall of the Roman Empire was gradual , and was the result of poor leadership .	0
Robert Hass , a former vice president for marketing at Smith and Wesson , has testified that his company did nothing to stop the flow of arms to criminals .	Robert Hass said that his company knew how criminals were getting their guns , but didn 't do anything about it .	1
The winner is the master of the cleverest ploys and strategems [ sic ] . Moreover , Chinese leaders are quick to find fault in others and try always to appear bold and fearless .	The winner has the smartest tricks .	0
Here you 'll find the Messara Plain , a wide fertile valley surrounded by hills , which has been a center for farming since ancient times .	The Messara Plain has been a farming center since ancient times .	0
well that 's certainly true well what is it they were just talking about um sort of middle income you know how how middle income people what winds up happening is for instance having kids you know they wind up having kids as a deduction and after but the deduction is so little for kids that they wind up having to pay more in taxes than it costs to raise a kid for the year or something	The tax system is not fair with respect to kids .	2
and Management of Scientific Studies in Natural	Mismanagement of natural science studies	2
Maybe we could clone the superwarrior from Congressional Medal of Honor winners .	Maybe we could clone the scientist Albert Einstein .	2
It couldn ' There was no away .	No means of escaping .	0
That will give us plenty of time for the doctor 's report .	There won 't be much time for the doctor 's report .	1
um yeah i believe so	Yes , I believe so .	0
right he 's supposed to be able to do that	He 's able to do that easily .	1
yeah if i can convince myself not to try and kill it i sure you always get a lot better results	If I can convince myself to not kill it then I will get better results .	0
It sent a shock into the sword and seemed to send a bolt of electricity into Adrin 's hand .	Electricity shocked the sword .	0
The official delayed the announcement until the UPS strike was settled , so as not to influence its outcome .	The announcement was delayed until the strike was over .	0
yeah i like that and i like L A Law and i like Thirty Something	Yes , I like that , and I also like L A Law and Thirty Something .	0
yeah and and then but then the medicine and and some of these other things and and the chemistry in those kinds of areas milliliter	Ingredients in medicine can be measured .	1
so also when you give give someone a credit card like a normal credit card like a Visa or something	A Visa credit card is one of the more different credit cards .	2
uh it beats being laid off and everything and uh you you got to be a little flexible uh in my old age i 'm trying to just hang in there until i get my kids through school	I am lucky that I do not have any kids .	2
ProBono.net hooks up experienced lawyers with relative newbies .	ProBono.net lets seasoned lawyers get in touch with new lawyers .	0
well that 's about all i have here	I have nothing more here .	0
Jon and San 'doro moved forward until they could see the riders cutting through the middle of the town .	The riders were enemies .	1
One of Aston 's many condominium resort properties , this modern high-rise has large rooms with complete kitchens .	This high-rise offers small rooms and kitchenettes only .	2
No one else stepped in .	No one else volunteered .	0
First , they used an evolutionary approach to product development by establishing timephased plans to develop a new product in increments based on technologies and resources achievable now and later .	Product development was approached as a process that would create a product over time .	0
and that 's got uh a hundred and sixteen thousand miles on it and that runs perfectly well too	That car has over a hundred thousand miles and drives great .	0
If you head inland to the less populous centre of the island , you 'll find hamlets consisting of little more than a whitewashed church , a general store , and a bar .	Most of the inland hamlets are entirely deserted .	1
what you put put the hooks through their little back and they just jump around under the water	When you fish you put fishhooks into the minnows ' backs and they wiggle around , attracting fish under the water .	1
He initiated a military takeover of the Communist Party , and the government arrested thousands of Solidarity activists and sympathizers , banned the trade union , and suspended civil rights .	The government arrested thousands of Solidarity activists and sympathizers , banned the trade union , and suspended civil rights , all as a result of the military takeover of the Communist Party that he has initiated .	0
absolutely they 're expensive i don 't know unless it labor intensive or something i really don 't know	They are so cheap and easy to make .	2
Individuals , who are not commuter aliens because they live on the U.S. side of the border , travel between Mexico and the United States to shop or visit family members as a daily routine of life .	Some people live and work in the U.S. , but visit their families daily .	0
I am a very bad friend .	My last best friend betrayed me .	1
Some of the interior has been refurbished in recent years and there is a collection of interesting furniture .	The antique furniture was donated by the local historical society .	1
except i think the Cowboys are on the upswing i don 't know about the Vikings	I think the Cowboys are doing great .	0
Everybody wins .	Everyone loses .	2
The villains were the blacklisters .	The villain was put on the red list .	2
And if his idea of good is forcing roles upon members of a couple , alimony for life , and community shunning of individuals whose marriages did not succeed , then Frum is really criticizing modern society , not just marriage .	Frum 's idea of good is forcing people to alienate their friends who have divorced their spouses .	1
When a decision-maker is more conscious of costs than of benefits , he tends to make decisions that are overly conservative .	Some of the costs involve education and transportation .	1
but everything in between was wasn 't very interesting	Everything between the two towns was boring .	1
They 're also nice because they are not quite as blatant as breath mints but get the job done .	They are more subtle than breath mints , but still effective .	0
but uh i still play golf i like to bowl although i hadn 't bowled in quite a while but i guess my main exercise right now is probably golf	Even though I play golf , I also like to bowl .	0
who are actually who are actually countrymen of of i mean some of them were split off into Israel i believe and some of them are in Turkey when actually	They are now loyal to their current countries .	1
interesting problem i	the problem catches my attention .	0
The accounting for negative subsidy costs is symmetrical to the accounting for positive subsidy costs .	Positive subsidy costs and negative subsidy costs are equal .	0
But society awaits a popular novelist who is a writer in full--one with Wolfe 's eye and a heart to go with it .	A new novelist is coming into society .	1
The room was as she had left it .	The room was the same as when she left , which surprised her .	1
Fascinating combination of continental European and Jamaican styles .	A pleasing fusion of styles both Jamaican and continental European	0
TJ Max does that yeah we have a TJ Max over here and um	TJ Max does that discount , here in Miami we have one too .	1
A better option might be to tack a filing fee onto new cases filed in state courts , with the money going to help fund Legal Services , she said .	The money could go to help fund Legal Services and improve our image .	1
It had done her a heck of a lot of good , which was to be expected of such nonsense .	It didn 't do a lot good for her , typical for such hooey .	0
Total pieces delivered and mail revenues have continued to increase	There have been continual increases in revenue and pieces delivered .	0
In the 19th century this was the city 's most fashionable strolling ground .	This was the city 's most fashionable strolling ground back in the 19th century .	0
that 's that 's uh that 's real good we had uh we had organizations like that in college you know we had a community service group in college that had all sorts of different groups and some did like that some did elderly visits some did um	These community groups in college also included fundraisers for the poor .	1
and i i 'm of course we at TI just hoping it works out that the new products that they come out will uh sell like gang books busters busters really	We are hoping that the new products sell really well .	0
As described above , many alien farmworkers may have a home base in Mexico as commuter aliens or as special agricultural workers who travel through the migrant stream around the United States and return to Mexico during periods of unemployment .	Job migration among farmworkers follows a regular schedule , and enables workers to plan for downtime .	1
Then probably my liver , or whatever else is valuable , working their way up-'	My liver is worthless .	2
Geniuses slipping into madness also tend to disrobe in public ( I learned this from a volume on chess prodigies , who have a proclivity for disrobing on public buses ) .	The chess prodigies never actually slipped into madness though .	1
This body of knowledge served as a foundation for designing our project approach .	We didn 't design an approach yet .	2
The organizations also adjusted the meeting times and lengths to accommodate member needs and attempted to enhance the meeting 's efficiency and effectiveness by limiting the time for presentations , approving most topics and presentations before the meetings , and adjusting meeting times to maximize face-to-face discussions between members .	Meeting lengths have not been adjusted .	2
and at the age of thirty two i think it was his um heart was that of a fourteen year old	I think at the age of 14 he had the heart of a 32 year old .	2
Still , there 's room to spare on Formentera .	There is no more space on Formentera .	2
A tour of the beautiful Parc Ornithologique de Mar ? ­ quen ? ­ terre at St.-Quentin-en-Tourmont will take a couple of hours .	You can take a tour of the Parc Ornithologique .	0
They operate to beaches near and far ( usually , but not necessarily , the farther the better ) , and you 'll find that there 's a beach for every taste .	There are over twenty different beaches in total .	1
After the Rond-Point , there 's a pleasant , shady park that stretches down to the gigantic Place de la Concorde .	The park is as old as the structures themselves .	1
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 provides a strong framework for more effective corporate governance and regulation of the accounting profession .	The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 provides a framework for effective corporate governance and regulation of the accounting profession .	0
'Greetings to your all ! ' I fumbled vaguely .	I had attempted to say " Greetings to you all ! " , but my anxiety and stage freight had caused me to awkwardly let out " Greetings to * your * all ! " .	1
Victor Schoelcher , the philanthropist who donated most of the library 's books , is credited with abolishing slavery here .	Victor Schoelcher donated over one thousand books to the library .	1
And what happened next ?	And what took place after that ?	0
and do it and get it over with and get back in the you know world and not spend so much time sitting around letting the bad influences of the other ones rub off on them and	Let them just sit and rot in jail forever .	2
To ensure admissibility in subsequent judicial proceedings , OSI performs its work in accordance with the requirements of the U.S.	The judicial proceedings are different in other countries .	1
not a whole well not a whole lot i think our cabbages and broccolis and that we have more trouble with that type of thing with the the yeah	There are often problems with growing our cabbages and broccoli	0
'He didn 't even graduate from the school- he was supposed to go into the Church , but he was so smart that he managed to get out of that , he was married twice to women who , if I do say so myself , were very nice for their time ... he travelled all over the place , I mean , he was practically-'	He married two times .	0
The Buddha 's birthday is celebrated with flower festivals held throughout Japan .	No one celebrates Buddha 's birthday in Japan .	2
The views of the whole of southern Martinique from Mount Vauclin are spectacular .	No other area provides better views of southern Martinique than Mount Vauclin does .	1
Some aim for uniformity or comparability of data both within a site with multiple observers and across several sites .	Uniformity or comparability of data should be of the leas concern .	2
Even if you 're not an avid bird-watcher , you 'll enjoy the gentle walks in the woodland , with the chance of seeing exciting herds of nilghai antelope , blackbuck , and cheetal ( spotted deer ) .	There are more herds of animals than birds .	2
oh well you 're you 're almost a Texan i 've been here thirty two years	I 've been here fifty years .	2
Richard Brown commented on high up-front costs required to develop technological means of delivering These services , such as computer-based screening .	Richard Brown felt that is was too expensive to implement technological delivery of these services at that time .	1
It 's hard to find them these days .	They are abundant .	2
oh no no and actually you know those are the kind of things that should get taken back to the management	Those are the issues you can resolve with the kitchen staff .	2
A high official in the court of Amenophis IV , he began to prepare an elaborate resting place decorated with fine bas-reliefs .	The tomb of Amenophis IV was decorated by peasants in an horrible way .	2
But in recent years the tourist industry has extended the Cete westward to include popular family-style resorts like Saint-Rapha ? « l and Sainte-Maxime and the glamorous Saint-Tropez .	The Cete was extended westward over a century ago .	2
RESULTS-ORIENTED CULTURES	Cultures that are not based around results and work more for ideas .	2
Various nightmare scenarios describe how the conflict in Kosovo might escalate . One has Albania , which has said it won 't tolerate further attacks on its people in Kosovo , entering a bloody war with the Serbs .	Various nightmare scenarios describe that dreams aren 't as fun	1
that 's what we do especially when it 's bad weather man just	When the weather is bad , we do that .	0
They sat and stared at the black-eyed sharp-toothed monsters who littered the earth .	The black eyed monsters had just given birth to a new litter .	1
oh yeah well that that was fun	I enjoyed doing that with you .	1
Ashcroft regularly berates the Republican Congress for having cut and run rather than having tackled tough moral issues .	Republican Congress refuses to tackle moral issues because they 're scared .	1
yeah right when it was just starting i heard what was called talking blues which actually is rap and uh it was about the the piece of music the piece of music was about i think about forty or fifty years old and it was incredible i mean the parallels you know between it and rap	Some of the most famous rap artists use talking blues .	1
Adrin was watching his feet .	Adrin was closely examining his hands .	2
Along the foot of Mt . Wakakusa is the Kasuga Grand Shrine , established to house the Shinto deities of the powerful Fujiwara family .	The shrine is a popular tourist attraction .	1
true that 's true that 's true it does seem to uh	I agree with the results of your study .	1
Dijon is the capital of Burgundy and a center of art and architecture , of culture and learning .	The capital of Burgundy is called Dijon and is a center of learning and culture .	0
I 'd have tickled him up some .	He would not have been tickled by me .	2
My turn .	It 's your turn now .	2
um-hum um-hum yeah i think it would also help them if they then went on to college i know that my first couple of years of college were um uh probably too carefree at the beginning and then at the end i had to be too serious	They would be greatly helped by attending college .	0
Even the most meager allowance will fund a shopping spree in the narrow streets of the Greek island towns .	The smallest budget will be able to fund shopping within the narrow streets of island towns .	0
And suddenly I remembered that first conversation at tea on the day of my arrival , and the gleam in her eyes as she had said that poison was a woman 's weapon .	She never spoke of poison .	2
An article examines cascading , the post-affirmative action phenomenon in which minority students denied access to top-tier universities attend lesser ones .	Minorities are never denied entrance to top-tier universities .	2
But the GOP 's eagerness to embrace them does suggest a certain hypocrisy .	There is not a hint of hypocrisy in the decisions of the GOP .	2
In the Sala Grande , see the high drama of Moses Striking Wate r from the Rock and a fascinating Temptation of Christ , with Satan portrayed as a beautiful youth .	The Temptation of Christ is the most valuable painting in the collection .	1
yeah seems like they should regulate themselves a little bit and i don 't think they ever care to	They have been regulating themselves harshly for years .	2
well we have we have one that 's recyclable and and then for uh lunch sacks and and waste food and and they gave us a list of things that aren 't recycle and it turns out it 's not so bad i i i get a lot of reports that that are covered in plastic or plastic like Saran Wrap or something anyway and then uh and cardboard there 's a few interesting that we 're we 're recycling computer type paper	It took us a long time to get organized for recycling .	1
three cats um i have a Bombay a Turkish Van and a Himalayan Persian	A trio of cats .	0
You know , it 's not a bad idea to close the windows when it rains .	If you don 't close the windows , the house will fill with water .	1
They include the working poor , veterans , family farmers , people with disabilities , and victims of natural disasters .	Those needing assistance at one time or another came from many walks of life .	1
The champions strut into the arena in richly embroidered silk aprons covering the solid band protecting their midriffs .	The champions are nude when they enter the arena .	2
and and you said about about Plano and Campbell is the petting	and you replied about Plano and Campbell that there was no petting	2
May such terror terrify those in thrall to earthly error , for the horror of these images tells what awaits them .	They saw what could happen if they disobeyed the king .	1
well that 's that 's a really good idea because um like our uh fruit fruit juices for some reason when they 're in a can don 't come with a deposit it	Sometimes there is no deposit on the can the fruit juice comes in .	0
Still others believed that total ( historical ) cost should be the long-term goal , with the use of latest acquisition cost allowed only until such historical cost data would be available .	Others think total historical cost is the end goal .	0
contributing five hundred thousand to	They didn 't give them any funding .	2
We concluded that this amount more than met the reasonableness standard of the law .	At times , the amount determined to be reasonable by legal standards may be exceeded .	1
The Plaza Mayor may be entered by any of nine archways , but mercifully not by motorized vehicles .	The archways are too narrow for motorized vehicles .	1
He was then faced with the delicate task of abolishing the sultanate without antagonizing the religious elements within his party .	He tried to reinforce the sultanate to please the religious elements of his party .	2
you don 't have to go out and borrow it somewhere and and do that	Going out to borrow it is not necessary .	0
so you know and yet they yet people get very frightened when they see the Japanese moving in and the Russians moving in certain areas of technology you know that we use to dominate and it 's like well you know they 're educating their people to higher degrees than we do so you 're going to have to expect it so what you are you willing are you willing to compromise a little and and pay pay some take some of that money out of your pocket and pay for good quality education so i don 't know but i i	When people see the Russians moving in certain technology spaces , they get excited .	2
Program Letter 2000-7 makes clear that the state planning initiative will continue to be LSC 's highest priority .	The state planning initiative is related to the planning of budgets for state agencies .	1
They began .	No one participated when the games began .	2
The town 's temples and shrines and a major museum are all encompassed by the park .	The museum in the park is visited by many people .	1
turn it into interstates like the rest of the country	Turn the open field into an interstate freeway , similar to what the U.S. did .	1
Car drivers can negotiate the winding old side-road Via Vecchia Fiesolana for glimpses of handsome villas half-hidden among the cypresses and olive trees .	The windy side road contains beautiful villas built among cypress and olive trees .	0
A bronze peacock accompanies these two figures .	The two figures come with a bronze peacock .	1
Never mind , he said at last , " we won 't say anything at present .	' ' We won 't say anything at present ' ' he said after some consideration .	0
yeah really then you 'll have to say see in my age i didn 't have to do it oh really dad yeah oh well okay	At my age , I wasn 't required to do that .	0
trained and equipped ( capital widening ) .	We have been trained and equipped for capital widening .	1
HCFA states that the final rule will not impose a federal intergovernmental or private sector mandate of $ 100 million or more , as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Act of 1995 .	The final rule , the HCFA states , that there will be no federal intergovernmental or private sector mandate of 100 million dollars or more .	0
In addition , requiring the same level of reduction at a	The same level of reduction is a desirable result	1
Or , is it a transfer payment to the less-fortunate elderly ?	The transfer was for young customers .	2
Mrs. Vandemeyer showed no surprise .	Mrs. Vandemeyer was surprised , but didn 't show it .	1
Fenner spat .	Spit came out of Fenner 's mouth .	0
They slept soundly that night under the red moon .	The moon was red as they slept peacefully .	0
In practice , awards seem to gain legitimacy with the patina of age .	Awards that oxidize and look rustier are considered shams and are less legitimate .	2
( For some reason , Lands ' End 's 1995 surplus didn 't spawn a Procrastinating Catalogue Shoppers Get Whatever They Want as Late as They Want It story in the Times . ) As the Times reports , Lands ' End overreacted to the bad year by ordering 20 percent less merchandise for 1996 , and suffered for it .	1995 was a top year , sales-wise , for Lands ' End .	2
It is so important that the courts remain open to all citizens not just the rich .	The courts should remain open to all citizens .	0
But excuse me , Mrs. Cavendish , 78 although you realized it was a private conversation , you did not move away ?	So you moved right away ?	2
I will arrive at ten .	I will get there at ten .	0
Long-term studies examine the potential relationship between longer-term and shorter-term use .	Studies found similar effects between long term and short tern use .	1
The selection of tourist mementos is interesting enough , but pales in comparison to the open-air Mercato San Lorenzo just north of the Duomo near the church of the same name .	Tourist memento selection is the most interesting thing here .	2
Nonoperating costs , such as payments made to the Treasury for retroactive charges are excluded .	Including nonoperating costs would muddle up the data .	1
We 're offering a convenient purchase option in installments of 20 zloty a month , or every other month .	The car is available for 20 zloty either every month or every other month .	1
My office present allowance is all gone .	My office present allowance is totally there .	2
Black conservative critics like Thomas Sowell concur , adding that government programs allow blacks to blame racism for their self-inflicted wounds .	Black communities are getting increasingly marginalized due to new government programs .	1
and move on	They will move on	0
One of the most dramatic changes in priorities proposed by the City Council would shift $ 25 .	The priorities have changed a lot .	0
Although this guide focuses on information security program management , this is only one aspect of an organization 's overall information management strategy .	The guide is related to information security program developent .	2
Nowadays , Malaysian families are lured to the highlands closest to Kuala Lumpur The Genting and Fraser 's Hill while the Cameron Highlands is most popular region for foreign visitors .	The foreign visitors are from America and Italy .	1
Most news accounts concluded that Clinton overshadowed Jones with a funny , largely apolitical speech featuring digs at Congress ( a show about nothing ) , the press corps ( I hardly have any time to read the news anymore .	I only read the headlines on the Clinton news .	1
To finance a deficit , a government has to borrow or sell assets it owns .	The government might have to sell its own assets to pay the deficit .	0
over the regular gym i mean give me a break i mean the the the kids sit there and they drink and they drink Cokes and eat popcorn for for for lunch for lunch and then go out there and lift weights	They eat junk , then they go and weight lift .	0
based on the variety of food i don 't particularly like to sort of American you know meat and potatoes type of restaurants	I really prefer foods like meat and potatoes .	2
You and John are not going to live here ?	Both of you have decided to live here .	2
I think the tradition for compassion for the poor encouraged that gift in me , she said .	She wants everyone to know that she gives to the poor .	1
We need to continue- and even augment-efforts to shift the focus of management , resource allocation , and decisionmaking from inputs and process to a greater focus on results and outcomes and to provide management reasonable flexibility while incorporating appropriate safeguards to prevent abuse .	The focus of resource allocation needs to be turned more towards results .	0
An ' maybe ... " His voice died away .	His voice died away as his blood seeped out of him .	1
Castro 's fledgling government immediately ordered rents reduced , new wage levels set , and estates limited in size to 390 hectares ( 966 acres ) .	Rents were reduced by Castro 's young government .	0
These are the best fighters in the world .	the people are great at battles .	0
The distribution of profitable routes shown on Figure 4 indicates that the U.S.	The distribution of profitable routes is focused on rural routes .	1
Chris DeMuth 's contribution is an outstanding illustration of the ideological dead weight carried by Bob Dole 's campaign so far .	Chris DeMuth 's contribution is a reason why he was one of the most vital parts of Bob Dole 's campaign .	2
so uh what do you think	Why do you breathe ?	2
Don 't you think she 's entitled to have a lawyer to get a temporary restraining order from this guy ?	Everyone is entitled to get a restraining order if necessary .	0
His eyes were small and cunning , and shifted their glance under her direct gaze .	He couldn 't look at her directly in the eyes .	0
They allow more efficient delivery because the carrier makes only one stop to deliver to several addresses ( commercial or residential ) .	The carrier makes only one stop to deliver to several addresses .	0
Think again . Inglethorp shook his head .	You are correct .	2
well i don 't know i yeah i mean first and foremost i mean everybody loves Gorby but you know that the one thing they have to keep in mind he 's a communist and communists have their own little ideology about the way things are going to be	Gorby is not a communist .	2
The concentration of the metals Al , As , Cr , Co , Cu , Fe , Pb , Ni , and Zn , expressed as total metal , should not exceed 1 mg / L each , and Cd , Hg , and Ag , expressed as total metal , should not exceed 100 ng / L each .	This is because those metals are toxic at that level .	1
Memorandum to Jim DeMocker , Office of Air and Radiation , Office of Policy Analysis and Review , US Environmental Protection Agency , June 27 .	Jim DeMocker would be furious if someone else read the memorandum before he did .	1
Beaune 's best-known building , the H ? ? tel-Dieu , is a beautifully preserved 15th-century hospital with spectacular colored roof tiles .	Beaune 's most famous building is a hospital from the 1400s .	0
You made your own bed , now you have to sleep in it .	You have to deal with what you did .	0
Macau 's most memorable monument is the Baroque facade of the ruins of Sao Paulo , the only remains of a beautiful 17th-century Jesuit church .	The church was destroyed in a civil war .	1
well do you think there should be restrictions on uh who you should let in the states	Should there be restrictions , in your opinion ?	0
Did this guy ever watch more than a minute or two of the programs he panned ?	Did this man ever watch more than a few minutes of the shows he criticized ?	0
Recently my wife wrote to you concerning my . Your answer was It 's unsafe	The answer claims it is not safe .	0
His name is Thorn .	His name was Adam .	2
yeah but i tried again a few weeks later but this time i put on some leather gloves and my father still wondered what happened to those leather gloves	I tried again , without any gloves this time .	2
Does it make sense for companies to be able to keep significant financial transactions off their books when unrelated parties provide only 3 percent of the related capital at risk ?	It does make sense for companies to only tell about a transaction when unrelated parties only give a tiny percentage of the related capital at risk .	1
The town itself is a hotch potch of old stucco houses and luxurious new buildings .	The town doesn 't have luxurious buildings .	2
Saving today increases a nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future and , therefore , helps to increase the standard of living for future generations .	Saving today increases a nation 's capacity to produce goods and services in the future ,	0
Also , the rule contains new salary equivalency guidelines for Medicare payments for the reasonable costs of speech language pathology and occupational therapy services furnished under arrangements by an outside contractor .	The new salary equivalency guidelines will make it harder for individuals to receive services from an outside contractor .	1
. Elsewhere on the page , Anthony Lewis makes a point in passing that 's been overlooked thus Ken Starr first got Ms.	There are no places on the page that mention Anthony Lewis .	2
oh yeah yeah we 're not from Texas either um we 're i grew up in Pennsylvania so	I moved to Texas only a decade ago .	1
But I caught her handing me out a look of deep curiosity as she passed through the door .	She did not expect to see me there .	1
Nearby Ennoji boasts a remarkable group of sculptures representing Enma ( the Lord of Hell ) and his judges .	Nearby Ennoji has sculptures of Enma and other deities .	1
After that , we were able to raise funds , he said .	They successfully raised funds .	0
well i guess i don 't know specifically except that uh for the paper that they want to recycle they do not want any newspaper um and things like candy wrappers or uh that type of thing let 's see i have a list here um they don 't want lunch sacks or brown envelopes uh phone books so there are you know a lot of kinds of things that they don 't want but then any kind of computer paper letters uh booklets they 'll even take things that are bound	It is hard for them to separate the good paper from the junk .	1
From a bridge that links the main temple with terraces on the far side of the river , you can look down on the funeral ghats where Hindus are cremated atop piles of wood and straw .	It is against Hindu religion to be buried , only traditional cremation is acceptable .	1
The previous record holder , Michael Collins , took in about $ 5 million less .	The last record holder made $ 50 million more .	2
You might still come across both versions , but the official name of the boom town is Sant Antoni Abad ( San Antonio in Castilian or Abbot St. Anthony in English ) .	Both versions may be seen , though only one of them is official .	0
How would you like to work for me ?	I have many job options available .	1
A negative saving rate means that , in aggregate , households are spending more than their current income by drawing down past saving , selling existing assets , or borrowing .	Things that don 't exist include a negative saving rate .	2
You realize , of course , what was at the back of that ? "	The back of it showed some interesting things .	1
So , I don 't think the request for more numbers is simply the idiosyncrasy of an old economist .	I believe the request for more numbers is not the due to the peculiarity of an old economist .	0
Scores of tiny islands dot the bay , their white sandstone shaped by the elements into arches , caves , and pyramids and covered with lovely , wispy sea pines .	The endless beating of the wind and waves have shaped all the islands into a uniform , rectangular shape .	2
You git over to th ' Four Jacks .	Four Jacks will give you some help .	1
yeah it 's pretty tough it 's pretty tough i mean uh let 's face it you know and you know are you did the you know as far as i found it a lot of times with regards to education you know the school only takes you so far you know it 's what you do	The school will take you as far as you want it to .	2
my husband happens to be on the board for the first time this year which is a new experience for him uh our membership is very inexpensive um	My husband is so happy that I decided to join the board .	2
The information had to include specific identification of the good or service .	No specific identification of the good or service was required .	2
RESPONSIBILITY CENTER - An organizational unit headed by a manager or a group of managers who are responsible for its activities .	They did not want to have such power .	1
Hotels in East Jerusalem do not offer kosher facilities .	Kosher food can 't be found in East Jerusalem hotels .	0
Some places are so boring that that 's what 's comically interesting about Peoria , Encino , Cleveland .	Peoria , Encino , and Cleveland are so boring that they are interesting .	0
For complete details of these and other major festivals held annually around Japan , check the JNTO website at & lt ; www.jnto.go.jp & gt ; .	The JNTO site shows hairstyle and fashion tips .	2
You can view it from the building opposite before going behind the temple to see the sacred bull , stained deep vermilion by the libations of its worshippers .	The bull is a brilliant white color , and monks clean it every day .	2
If Lott 's procedural agreement collapses and the Senate faces a long , ugly trial , the Mods are the Republicans most likely to support a Democratic motion to adjourn .	If the agreement fails , chaos will reign supreme .	1
I don 't believe in professions .	I don 't believe in work .	0
But today hunting is strictly banned .	The hunting is no longer legal .	0
But we don 't give out drugs willy-nilly .	We only give out drugs every other day .	1
Room 13 contains a number of painted Minoan sarcophagi , many decorated with the images of fish or birds .	The building 's only Minoan sarcophagi are located in Room 5 .	2
Expenses of administration include an appropriate allocation of agency overhead costs .	Expenses of administration exclude an appropriate allocation of agency overhead costs .	2
The sight of the two of them was felt to be an effective means of getting at the truth .	They though that seeing only two apart would make everyone lie .	2
Today , however , you can buy almost anything with a tartan scarves , hats , kitchen aprons , waistcoats ( vests ) , tote bags , teddy bears the list is almost endless !	You can buy tartan print anything .	0
you know like if we 're just going through and they camp one night and then head on	It 's the same as passing through but staying for a night .	0
The Wan Chai waterfront is dominated by the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre , the largest in Asia , which includes hotels , theaters , and exhibition halls .	The Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre is on the Wan Chai waterfront .	0
and we have i my girlfriend used to uh be in the Navy and she was based uh based in Panama	When we were in the military , she was in Panama .	1
Do you think we can go back to being really good friends sans frolic ?	I miss being your friend .	1
Plenty of Hollywood glamour The cover triptych shows the usual fresh crop of movie idols to-be .	The cover usually displays fresh perspectives of aged movie stars .	2
oh that 's right i think now that i recall reading about it in the paper	It was rather important , it was featured in the paper .	1
He will also visit Omagh .	He will visit Omagh on Tuesday .	1
Later , I came back to the hall ; but it was all quiet .	I came back to a quiet hall due to the late time .	1
Was there a thunderstorm ? Slim never slept through a thunderstorm .	Slim knew what the weather was like .	2
Stewardship information will be necessary for a fair presentation of financial position and results of operations .	Stewardship information can be excluded from the presentation .	2
By contrast , many nerds can be handsome ( Gore ) or self-confident to the point of arrogance ( Gates , Gingrich ) .	Being smart can give nerds a lot of confidence .	1
there you go that 's it that 's it	You 're correct .	1
Santa Monica 's outdoor Farmers ' Market is held each Wednesday and on Saturday mornings along Arizona Avenue at the Third Street Promenade .	The Farmer 's Market is twice a week to feature fresh produce year-round .	1
Post their own personal ad on a penguin at the Central Park Zoo .	Central Park Zoo has a lot of animals .	1
The affinity between pigeons and tourists makes sense .	Pigeons and tourists both flock to wide-open areas and annoy the locals .	1
The OMB guidance states that automated techniques should depend upon risks , benefits , and cost effectiveness associated with the automated applications .	Cost effectiveness it guaranteed with automated techniques .	1
Portugal 's wine industry produces not only excellent table wines from regions like Dao , Douro , and Alentejo , but legendary port wine , which comes from the north .	Portugal 's wine industry produces excellent table wines .	0
Objective of test	This test has no objectives .	2
But , come to think of it , she does look a bit pale .	She 's very tan as of late .	2
The British , soon followed by Americans , appreciated the broad , sheltered beach and the particularly mild microclimate ' palms , fig trees , tamarisk , and camellias all flourish here .	Dates are also a common fruit that grows here .	1
right well the mechanic doesn 't see that you know it 's the owner or the dealer who sees the big bucks	Mechanics are the ones that make all the money .	2
Has adequate attention been given to the outliers ?	The outliers require all of our undivided attention .	1
The minor Aegean Islands were taken by various powerful European noblemen , many of whom were Genoese or Venetian , such as Marco Sanudo on Naxos .	The minor Aegean islands were taken by escaped slaves .	2
no this is another one of those winters that wasn 't	No , this winter wasn 't .	0
yeah you know that would be grounds for uh if it 's their second positive it would be grounds for termination if it 's their first positive then they 're setup with E A P counseling	EAP counseling is optional , but those who don 't take it will be terminated .	1
Paradise reiterates these themes .	Paradise has strict themes about nature .	1
But Sam Peckinpah 's The Wild Bunch ( 1969 ) features existentially disillusioned outlaws going out in a montage of bloody chaos , Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid ( 1969 ) is an outlaw buddy film , and Dances With Wolves ( 1990 ) attempts to revise entirely the concepts of both order and the west .	Dances With Wolves was a much more popular film than The Wild Bunch .	1
yeah but Payless Cashways has them and they 're metal and i don 't know what affiliate of Payless Cashways you have up there but it was only like seven dollars not too bad	Some other providers have them in metal or plastic too .	1
In an economy where many products are hand-made , each item has a different value depending on the quality of workmanship it shows .	You cannot judge a product 's worth based on its workmanship .	2
Since all these are changes in how we live , not anything innate , we have to conclude that what we are describing here are effects of environment , not genes .	Given everything we discussed , it is clear that genes are behind all the effects .	2
Fena Kef had three fighting pits .	There were three fight pits in Fena Kef .	0
Untouchables pressed for better treatment , but their cause was not helped by the activism of American missionaries and the Salvation Army , who gave other castes a good excuse to resist foreign interference .	Other castes were given reason to resist foreign interference by the Salvation army and American missionaries .	1
Retired Supreme Court Justice William Brennan died .	William Brennan was a supreme court justice .	0
cooking was our secondary interest i mean	We had no interest at all in cooking .	2
The striking thing about workers ' comments after the vote was how many of them mentioned the possibility of the company shutting down its operations .	The striking thing about workers ' comments after the vote was how many of them mentioned the possibility of losing their job .	1
But what were Lawrence Cavendish 's finger-marks doing on it ?	How come we found Lawrence Cavendish 's finger-marks on it ?	0
From Fox ' s interview with former President	Fox recorded this interview four years ago .	1
From Otemachi subway station , you enter the gardens at the Otemon Gate and wander through hedgerows of white and pink azaleas , around ponds and little waterfalls edged with pines , plum trees , canary palms , and soft green cryptomeria japonica .	You cannot enter the gardens at the Otemon Gate coming from the Otemachi subway station .	2
Preparers of financial reports are encouraged to experiment with the presentation of the CSA data in order to make it more understandable .	The financial reports encourage prepared to experiment .	0
National Science Foundation .	Worldwide science foundation	2
The agora-like Hall of Nactenabo ( 381 362 b.c. ) stands in front of the pylon .	The Hall of Nactenabo is in front of the pylon .	0
Rarely useful in evaluation and is usually hazardous .	It is incredibly useful for evaluation .	2
The fee increase is expected to generate $ 2 .	Raising the price will result in a gain of no more than $ 2 .	0
So , if you 'd tell the Belgian gentleman ” ” "	Don 't speak to the Belgian man just give him this .	2
My experts , working in stereotyped ways , have failed .	My experts failed because they were using very cliche methods .	0
that 's uh that 's uh but uh i i guess the winter the winter wasn 't that bad down here really	The winter was awful .	2
Soaring above it all is a 73-m ( 239-ft ) high minaret , with a graceful balcony from which the muezzin calls the faithful to prayer .	There is a large minaret above it .	0
I shot the agent of the Eye first , the hooded man .	I considered shooting him , but ran away instead .	2
And Chatterbox cites Lapham 's mention of the Roman mob familiar with the expensive claques traipsing after the magnificence of the Emperor Nero .	Chatterbox cites Lapham 's mention of the Emperor Nero of Rome .	2
Critics say the new late-night talk show by young black comedian Chris Rock ( Saturday Night Live , voice of Li 'l Penny in Nike ads ) succeeds because of its risky racial humor .	Chris Rock is an old white guy with a straight-laced sense of humor .	2
A very elegant , well-run hotel just steps from Gran V ? ­ a , but insulated to keep the noise out .	The hotel costs a large sum due to the elegance and the land where it is locates .	1
so do you work with TI	So how many ice-creams did you have this morning .	2
A gun is still useful , worth money , if he who picks it up from beside the dead does not want it for himself .	A firearm can still be useful and sold for money .	0
99 Nevertheless , the girl did not take kindly to the idea of being tamely put to sleep without as much as one bid for freedom .	They were going to shoot her to put her to sleep forever .	1
and while he was gone he had looked went looking for a job and stopped at the store that 's what it was and uh someone who was in the neighborhood cleaning carpets these two men went in raped the girl murdered her	The two men who were cleaning carpets in a neighborhood raped and killed a girl when he was out looking for a job .	0
'If prison is going to be my next home , ' he did not quip , ' I 'd better get used to this .	The individual thought they would end up in prison .	0
Reasons why trauma surgeons fail to screen for alcohol problems .	Alcohol problems are not screened in trauma surgeons .	0
Cotton and woolen Egypt has been famed for its fine cotton .	Egypt has the best cotton in the world .	1
Ellison described losing a summer 's worth of work .	Ellison was upset when the work was lost .	1
As previously noted , LSC reissued its CSR instructions to all grantees , calling attention to problem areas known at that time .	LSC never reissued CSR instructions .	2
I 'm a Southerner and Manners Are Our Thing	I am a Southerner , which means I am very disrespectful .	2
maybe maybe being a tenured professor would be one thing but being a public school teacher is entirely another thing	Teaching at public school and being a tenured professor is pretty much the same thing ,	2
i 'll have to check it check check it back up then but the thing is is everybody always looks so good on there show least on some of the other ones not everybody has a picture perfect body	Not everyone has a body without any imperfection .	0
'Exactly what was wrong with the frosting ? ' I couldn 't help asking .	I couldn 't ask what was wrong with the frosting .	2
My Since he seems to hate holidays so much , would it be appropriate to just let him spend holidays at a motel ?	He loves the holidays so much that it would be cruel to have him stay at the motel .	2
you know it seems like when they go to prison it they really seem like it 's a rough time for them and a murderer well go to prison oh he 's just there to serve his time and get back out on the street	Prison is a rough time for murderers and they are never released .	2
The heartland of Georgetown 's chinatown is centered on Lebah Chulia and Lebah Campbell , both of which run off the city 's main commercial thoroughfare of Jalan Penang .	There is no commercial activity in Georgetown 's chinatown .	2
He practiced his smile and stride , checked if the paper with his acceptance speech was in his pocket , and smoothed down the mysterious tissue bulge on his belly .	He was preparing to surprise the audience during his acceptance speech .	1
Newgrange is the most important of the prehistoric sites around Dublin , located about 3 km ( 2 miles ) east of Slane .	Newgrange is unimportant .	2
He took up his conversation with Mr. Carter at the point it had broken off .	The conversation had stopped when the police officers interrupted them .	1
They stretch north south over 3 km ( 2 miles ) , allowing you the option of climbing behind some of them as well as approaching from the cave entrance .	It 's possible for you to climb behind the stone statues , or approach them through the cave entrance .	1
This enormous , modern version of a traditional Chinese building , with sweeping blue tile roofs , contains an auditorium big enough to seat 4,700 people .	The auditorium is too small to fit a hundred people in it .	2
no you can 't you really can 't they are good and ooh they just they 're just so suspenseful	They are good and suspenseful	0
And here 's another ray of De Long and Lang 's results were published in the prestigious Journal of Political Economy , so they 're probably wrong to begin with .	Lang 's findings appeared in the Journal of Political Economy .	0
yeah i 'm i guess you 're right the the diesel has almost fallen into unpopular status i don 't know exactly why One of the reasons is i i 'm beginning to wonder is where do you get gas at i sure i don 't know if it 's still uh limited like it was i don 't notice it probably because i don 't huh	I see gas stations for diesels everywhere .	2
The senior executive reported in his self-assessment for fiscal year 2001 that many states in the region have experienced a reduction in the number of highway fatalities since the Southern Executive Safety Summit , which is helping FHWA meet its goal of reducing the number of highway-related fatalities by 20 percent in 10 years .	Many states have had an increase in road kills since the SESS .	2
The Malla period saw completion of Nepal 's most important palaces , temples , and works of art .	Many of Nepal 's greatest achievements were completed in the Malla period .	0
The company could have monitored distribution better but didn 't because it wanted to keep its hands clean , Hass has said .	Hass said the company could not have done anything better to monitor the distribution .	2
okay well who you know do you have uh a lot of Kosher foods there at your house	Because you 're Jewish , do you have a lot of Kosher food at your house ?	1
Saxton was , in fact , decorous and polite .	Saxton had good taste and was polite .	0
The Pre-Election Polls of 1948 .	These polls were taken after the 1948 election .	2
It was up to me to figure out how .	It would be difficult for me to figure out .	1
After all , what is Social Security but a job benefit ?	What is Social Security doing here ?	2
You will also find the ubiquitous T-shirt in a variety of styles , along with swimwear and footwear .	The shirts and shoes are very cheaply made .	1
I wear it .	It is worn be me .	0
Although it was established some 1,700 years ago , the main shrine you 'll see today was erected in 1993 .	The main shrine that you can see today was built in the 1800s .	2
than we are	We so are .	0
in school but i think some things might be a a wise idea just to give kids more of an authoritarian sort of view	I think it 's a good idea to show kids an authoritarian point of view .	0
This is a land where different and sometimes conflicting traditions continue to matter despite heavy odds .	This land has many types of ethnicity , so different culture is formed .	1
When he stood up , it caused nasty comments from his next-desk neighbor , who called the whole company , or rather , whoever was still left there in the evening , into the room to watch Cod 's exit .	His next-desk neighbor called the whole company to complain about his exit .	0
8 million can 't be disappointing , and the press is wailing about disappointing grosses to atone for overhyping the film .	The press is exaggerating the disappointing gross to make up for overhyping the film .	0
like New York or somewhere yeah that 's right	Similar to New York , yes that 's correct .	0
53 Patients with substance abuse disorders may face stigmatization and other potentially serious consequences if screening results are not protected .	Patients with substance abuse disorders often suffer from stigmatization .	1
i don 't see them doing anything	I see them doing something about it	2
Henceforth , this column will refer to the show as This Week until either Donaldson or Roberts wins top billing .	Donaldson has a better chance of winning top billing .	1
We don 't have any jobs right now , but I interview people .	There 's plenty of jobs open .	2
Other buildings house restaurants , cafe , and fashionable bou ? ­ tiques and galleries .	Other buildings have stores in them .	0
Vicki taught us how to talk to these people without talking down to them .	They were able to talk to these people as Vicki instructed .	1
Its medieval stained glass , including three fine rose windows , is of unrivaled complexity and stunning beauty .	The windows are all made of regular glass .	2
their military is different from ours to where there are extremist generals generals that actually control tens and thousands of troops that irregardless of what Soviet policy is they 're going to do what the general tells them	Their military is made up of over twenty thousand troops .	1
oh how oh yeah you can have it come on just early in the morning and and off by the you know by the time you 're up and about yeah i i usually get it started for my wife and i and she moves it around ever other day	I usually get it started for my in the morning and she moves it around every other day .	0
'Just a leg-wound .	You shouldn 't cry if it 's just a leg-wound .	1
Unions protest that the government has not fulfilled promises made to labor .	To unions the government has fulfilled promises made to labor .	2
The Borghese Gallery , opened in 1997 after an extensive 14-year renovation , is housed in a handsome Baroque villa inspired originally by Hadrian 's Villa at Tivoli , but with its Italian formal gardens now transformed into an English-style landscaped park .	In 1997 , following a renovation project which spanned 14 years , the Borghese Gallery was reopened .	0
i go to school i go to LSU	I attend LSU .	0
Its many supporters argue that the office 's expansion of community development work - including helping non-profits incorporate or defend themselves in lawsuits - sets it apart from other agencies .	This office is known for helping non-profits win lawsuits against big corporations .	1
It is estimated that the reduction in responses and burden hours will result in a savings of $ 1,273,975 or a new yearly cost of compliance of $ 1,469,155 .	There is a large savings with the reduction in responses and burden hours .	0
yeah still a lot of people and you just can 't get them in and out of the school in a reasonable length of time you know traffic is a bit of a problem i mean of all the decisions they could have made on this particular school they uh they located it in a up against a creek and there 's no street access to it except for one turn around driveway and that feeds onto a street that is right across the street from	You can 't get them out of school because then they miss out on learning .	1
Employers wishing to avoid paying workers compensation could deny coverage until the worker was no longer in the country , or discontinue payments after the worker had returned home .	Employers who want to avoid workers comp can deny coverage until a worker leaves the country .	0
One of best ways to obtain uniformly high quality services is to ensure that grantees ' legal work management and supervision is rigorous and effective .	Rigorous and effective intimidation tactics are crucial to high quality services .	2
and then when i come out here i just kind of let it go and then one of one of the guys mentioned to me at work one day if i played golf i said well yeah you know i 've got my clubs but i haven 't swung them in quite a few years	I have a good set of golf clubs at home .	1
It shall have two key 1 ) it shall be systematically or periodically captured through accounting or management information system , and 2 ) there shall be a logical connection between the reported measures and the program 's purpose .	One of the keys for it is that management information systems and accounting will be used to capture it .	0
That 's a matter of opinion . Topham was studying them both with interest .	Topham was interested in both because they made him very curious .	1
Figure 2 displays the range of postal density and annual volume per address that encompass approximately 90 percent of the routes in France and the United States .	Different routes have different postal densities .	0
Rose Hall Great House is , perhaps , the most infamous house in the whole of Jamaica .	This house is unknown to many .	2
Pouring their hearts out to reporters is the only therapy Republican politicians can get .	The reporters write news articles about the politicians .	1
so you think it 's just up to individuals to ask automakers for uh less polluting vehicles	Your position is that consumers have to pressure car manufacturers into tackling pollution .	0
What 's more , such reforms will leave untouched injustices that seed legitimate aggrievement on the part of blacks .	Reforming it will do nothing to help blacks succeed .	0
As you travel south , the landscape changes .	The south and north are both exactly the same in climate .	2
or uh uh making uh some dresses for children or things l ike that or even writing children 's books	I like the idea of making dresses for children or even writing children 's books .	0
It also has the only spiral minaret in the city .	It at one point was the only spiral minaret in the country !	1
and i said well that that 's quite possible i said i 've discussed some topics with people even over this situation and and discovered some views that i hadn 't thought of in a while i just wondered if i got out of my little realm	I 've been stuck in my little realm for far too long .	1
Nails welded or hammered facing up .	The nails poked up into the air .	0
However , OMB staff provided information during and at the conclusion of the review that was incorporated where appropriate .	Information provided by the OMB staff was incorporated where appropriate .	0
uh i believe that you can that you can change well maybe not from year to year but at least you can change periodically uh as to you know as to to get the stuff that 's more important to you yeah that 's uh something that the uh that the federal government you know put into uh you know into the IRS regulations as uh as	I believe that throughout your life you can change what is important to you .	0
and uh in the Texans area has two nice launching ramps	Launching ramps can be found in the Texans area .	0
yeah yeah they they really didn 't do good at all for us up here and that 's that 's too bad because they were they were some good players they are some good players on the Patriots team you know and	The Patriots team have no good players .	2
Also , NIPA focuses on the incomes arising from current production of goods and services and , thus , does not count revaluation of existing assets in national saving .	NIPA does count the revaluation of existing assets in national savings .	2
Though it was a hazardous and parlous thing , with the sky falling .... " He sighed and went out , while Dave went back to his delirium .	Dave fell back into a fever dream after he exhaled and left .	0
Now representatives of both realms mix , mingle , and meddle in each other 's business at will .	There are two realms with representatives that interact .	0
yeah i also was going to say they get it from both ends	They get money problems from both ends .	1
with her country 's drastically changed landscape ( Michiko Kakutani , the New York Times ) . Tired harangues about capital punishment and gun control are said to come at the expense of developing her characters , who don 't behave like humans ( Carolyn See , the Washington Post ) . Others pay the customary obeisance to Gordimer 's nuanced depiction of morally confused white liberals , in this case an older couple whose son is accused of murder .	The older couple has a son who is an accused murderer .	0
there 's a big difference there	There is a significant difference there but it works in our favor .	1
yeah they got a couple all you can eat down here and uh we haven 't went to them yet but i 've been threatening my husband that we 'll go	The nearest all-you-can-eat is just a five-minute walk away .	1
Knocked me out ; didn 't really touch to matter , though . Anse pushed away a little , still holding Drew tightly by the upper arms .	Anse held drew tightly by the upper arms .	0
He had seen Jon stab one of the whipmasters with it the night before .	He witnessed Jon stab a whipmaster the previous night .	0
if you were using and and oh lose your job and everything	Using never leads to job loss .	2
Netscape didn 't merely point out a two page discussion in his book of a single case that pointed the other way .	Netscape didn 't have a discussion about the case .	2
And then I saw , right in front of my eyes , on the deck of the carrier , a chief petty officer sliced into three parts by a propeller blade .	The carrier has a deck area on it .	0
and uh it was an interesting experience for her i mean she 'd always assisted me and done some other things but for her to actually get in there and do it herself it was uh it was something a little different	I wouldn 't expect my wife to do any real work on her own .	1
um let 's see what did i wear to work today um actually i wore corduroy shorts with a white blouse um and flat shoes	I wore clothes to work today .	0
It is the largest of the gardens , with 12 terraces and lined with fine cedars and cypresses .	The largest garden features terraces lined with cedar and cypress trees .	0
It is performed with elegant stylized gestures , either as a form of wrestling , or as fencing with a sword or a traditional kris , known as pencak silat .	They use stylized gestures .	0
Both trails are divided into smaller segments of varying difficulty .	The trails are equal in difficulty and scenery .	2
Services are expanding , however , thanks to a $ 1 million public fund drive , that is $ 59,400 short of its goal .	The public fund drive has exceeded its $ 1 million goal .	2
The Commission discusses its reaction to these concerns , and changes made because of the comments , in the preamble to the rule published in the Federal Register .	The Commission was no receptive to feedback at all .	2
Should the intervention include the family ?	Do interventions need the family to be present ?	0
Some aim for uniformity or comparability of data both within a site with multiple observers and across several sites .	Uniformity or comparability of data should be the primary goal , because observers like consistency .	1
They also introduced sugarcane , some European vegetables , and the pig to the islands , but never founded any significant settlements .	They introduced sugar cane to the island and it quickly became very popular .	1
so how do you feel about the metric system	I don 't care what you think about the metric system .	2
Executives ensure this by giving the CIO a key role in IT investment decision-making , providing budget control , or ensuring leadership backing for information technology and management programs and initiatives .	The CIO has nothing to do with IT .	2
The place was never the same again .	Irreversible alterations resulted in the place being unrecognizable .	1
yeah was the only thing about the costuming my husband remarked that it didn 't that that um the Indians all appeared to be wearing new things	My husband didn 't like that the Indians were wearing new things .	1
In these cases , the central security management groups kept track of audit findings related to information security and the organization 's progress in implementing corrective actions .	The central security management groups kept track of audit findings .	0
and uh somebody walks in there with a gun i mean they 're going to want the money and you can tell by the people who are always caught that these people are there to get money for drugs i mean they don 't want the money so uh so they can do something else with it	People who are caught want the money for buying bibles .	2
The wealthy sisters brought with them spectacular works of art and statues of baby Jesus .	Despite their wealth , the sisters brought nothing with them .	2
Most hotels have swimming pools .	Swimming pools are common in hotels .	0
that 'd be good um i know we i already have them thanks um we 're we are kind of getting into recycling now i 'm in college and i live in a dorm and we recycle paper	I 'm in college and we 're getting into recycling .	0
We 're adding new diagnostic procedures each day .	We are using new diagnostic procedures each day that are safer .	1
Where can he hide this terrible slip of paper ?	Where can he display the paper .	2
The first adaptation was a shift of the specification of study question from the principal investigator during the period of study performance to the persons who commissioned the study in advance of data collection .	The first adaption was one of many to come .	1
At sunset it makes the perfect finish to a day 's walk but many like to start out from here and reverse the order of the walk we have proposed , reserving the cathedral for a triumphant climax .	It 's impossible to do the walk backwards .	2
In the north , opposite Gezira Island , the Egyptian National Circus , a Soviet-trained troupe , performs nightly except in summer .	The Egypt National Circus is the largest circus in Egypt .	1
Berthelot 's wife supervised the design , and the delicacy of its forms , especially the slender conical turrets at each corner and the double-arched loggias of the main staircase , are the result .	Berthelot 's wife counseled him for suggestions for the designs .	1
Arriaga near the Se ( cathedral ) and inside the Mercado dos Lavradores .	Arriaga near the Sea is an old watch-tower .	2
For example , whether or not there are active opposition parties may be a more valid measure of whether a country is a democracy than how many people vote in an election .	There needs to be opposition in a democracy .	1
Thank you very much . " With a nervous giggle , Annie took herself creakingly out of the room .	Annie stomped out of the room while crying .	2
In addition , presentations on TIG funding availability and the application process took place at the National Equal Justice Conference , the Southeastern Project Directors Association meeting , the Indiana Access to Justice Conference and Virginia 's technology planning meeting .	Indiana Access to Justice Conference and Virginia 's technology planning meeting also held a presentation on TIG funding availability .	1
Despite all the completely compelling arguments offered in the preceding paragraphs , it would be silly and dishonest to insist that	The arguments do not necessarily represent truth , however .	1
He was dead before he fell to the ground .	He died and fell on the ground .	0
Instead , her Justice Department has had to enforce an expanded federal death penalty , throw more people in federal prison for longer sentences , punish juvenile criminals more harshly , support mandatory minimums and the crack / powder disparity , and double the size of the Border Patrol .	The Justice Department has no real power and is just a conspiracy to keep the public in line .	2
But one forgives such flaws because of the way Hare draws his audience into the play 's issues .	Hare is a villainous character , flawed beyond redemption and universally hated .	2
oh okay we got we had a lot of people from my husband 's old group that moved out there	A lot of people from my husband 's old group moved out there .	0
I do not think so .	I definitely think so .	2
Tours of the chateau are self-guided and there are impressive formal gardens and a large park .	Many tour guides options are available but hiring one is mandatory .	2
Panning Mason & amp ; Dixon , the New Republic ' s James Wood declares Thomas Pynchon 's penchant for allegory tiresome and his alleged cleverness to be overwrought and heavy-handed .	James Wood says the allegory is fun to read .	2
Just within Evila 's medieval walls .	The walls were medieval .	0
and then they 're saying we we estimate this landfill will be over will be full in two years unless we cut back	They think this landfill won 't fill up for another two decades .	2
In spite of myself , my opinion of his sagacity was immeasurably heightened .	I started thinking that he was a very stupid man .	2
Sure , I might be able to sell them to a used software store , but I wouldn 't be able to get more than $ 5 or so because those stores must mark them up so substantially to cover their own costs .	If I sell them to the software store , I 'll be able to get $ 10 a piece .	2
Back in Nebraska , he helped organize part of a whistlestop tour from Cheyenne , Wyo . , across Nebraska for the Robert Kennedy campaign .	Robert Kennedy 's tour of Wyoming and Nebraska was partly organized by him .	0
limitation of legal services to rights under the H-2A contract ever suggested that representation could last only as long as the H-2A worker remained in the United States .	Under H-2A , the worker must remain in the United States in order to benefit from legal services .	0
All the geniality had faded out of Whittington 's face .	You could look at Whittington 's face and see that there was no happiness present .	1
Recent years have brought hip-hopped pop-soul acts such as Bobby Brown , Keith Sweat , Mariah Carey , Boyz II Men , and TLC , as well as hits for such big-voiced neo-soul singers as Anita Baker , Michael Bolton , and Celine Dion .	Recent years have brought hip hopped pop-soul acts and hits for neo-soul singers .	0
The magazine hiked ad rates accordingly , pricing quirky advertisers out of the magazine in favor of big national ones .	The magazine has lowered prices to invite more interesting ads .	2
To the right of the madrasa is the Al-Rafai Mosque completed in 1902 and the last greatest religious structure to be built in the city .	To the right of the madrasa is the Al-Rafai Mosque	0
She was anxious to find some stamps , and , according to my theory , she tried her own keys in the desk .	She believed that there were stamps in the locked desk .	1
do they have a pool or what is	DO they have a pool ?	0
Columbus , National Center for Research in Vocational Education , 1980 .	It is in Columbus .	0
There is a total of 12,800 Buddha statues here , plus the remains of the monastery 's founder embalmed in gold leaf .	The Buddha statues are all symmetrically lined up .	1
The Army discharged a 20-year decorated veteran one week before he would have been eligible for retirement benefits , because investigators discovered evidence of his homosexuality after an arsonist torched his home .	The veteran 's home was set on fire by accident .	2
Frank Smith wont say it , but Jody will mention her disappointment at how few lawyers volunteer to help the foundation by taking some cases pro bono , without fee .	Judy is elated at the number of lawyers volunteering their time to help the organization .	2
The museum re-creates the Arawak lifestyle in a series of models illustrating how villages and daily activities might have looked .	In the museum , you can look at models of villages and the Arawak 's activities .	0
uh make everything metric and i just and i see no problem with it at all	I think it is a bad idea to have everything in metric units .	2
I paid very little attention to my mother 's actual words . " Mr. Philips ' incredulous sniff was a triumph of forensic skill .	Mr. Phillips had an overly large nose .	1
um you know i enjoy being here i don 't know if i 'd ever you know i might go back there eventually one day it 's a depressed area uh right now you know	That area is depressed right now , but I might get back there eventually .	0
He was the Mahatma 's favorite to lead India to independence .	He had no preference on who led India to independence .	2
There was much grumbling in the ranks about this question but , if imperfect , it does rest on a solid theoretical foundation .	The question 's theoretical foundation makes it flawless .	2
um-hum i 'm sure that uh the chicken that we barbecue from the Middle East has a lemon garlic sauce i wouldn 't imagine that a barbecued chicken would	The Middle Eastern chicken barbecue doesn 't have any lemon garlic sauces .	2
Farther on is the unassuming village of Le Pracheur , where another island girl who made good spent her childhood years Madame de Maintenon , second wife of Louis XIV .	Louis XIV was a bachelor for all his life .	2
All this would be simple enough but for the fact that the gods have appeared on earth in different incarnations , or avatars , with different names , forms , and natures .	Gods are complicated creatures to classify and understand , and they come in many forms .	1
that you can send a kid to school but if don 't work with them as a parent i think you 're putting your child at a big disadvantage	Parents who work with their kids put them at a great disadvantage .	2
HDS does not collect any information on mail sent from non-households to other non-households .	The HDS stopped gathering data on mail from non-household to non-household in 1976 .	1
In the end , however , rational expectations to Keynesian macroeconomics .	They expect something from Keynesian macroeconomics .	0
yeah i i know what you mean because uh because you got to have like little oil heaters where they plug in the uh plug in uh your car	You have to have a / c for your car .	2
The key challenge facing planners in the state is finding a way to increase funding in order to significantly expand the capacity for services .	The main factor facing planners in the state is trying to find a way to increase funding to significantly increase room for services .	0
yeah but do you think he would fine the lawyer	He is being fined by his own lawyer .	2
These were the Arawaks , who lived from fishing and planting , and produced beautiful pottery .	The Arawaks were carnivores who had no talent .	2
The next major point of interest is Calede Sant Vicenc , a splendid cove which is now a resort centre .	A splendid cove that is a resort centre is called Calede Sant Vicenc , and it is the next big point of interest .	0
well see it 's it it 's really just a suburb uh i really can 't even tell where Plano starts and Dallas Dallas ends	Plano is not near Dallas	2
yeah yeah that 's probably	That 's probably as far as I know , but might not be	1
In 1239 , there was the procession of Louis IX , barefoot , carrying his holy treasure , Jesus 's Crown of Thorns ( now in the Sainte-Chapelle ) ; in 1430 , it saw the humiliation of Henry VI of England ( he was crowned King of France here ; see page 15 ) .	Henry IV was the king of France in 1290 .	2
Sather Karf seemed amused as he looked at Ser Perth .	Sather Karf was amused by Ser Perth .	1
oh yeah that that to me yeah it 'd be very hard to believe too	I wanted to believe .	1
Here you can pick up buses for a tour of city attractions .	You can pick a tour bus here .	0
okay okay well New England is kind of kind of like uh pretty close sits right on the Atlantic Ocean and we get you know a lot of a lot of the weather is driven by the winds coming in off the ocean the northeast winds bring in	New England 's location right next to the Atlantic Ocean influences its weather .	0
The Commission 's analyses use both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule and alternatives on small entities .	The analysis effects only rules for large entities .	2
From mid-June to September , wet means monsoon-wet , not all day every day , but torrential rains occur often enough to make travel uncertain and the mosquitoes and other bugs a real nuisance .	In July the dry season starts and it doesn 't rain again until September .	2
Kite-golf - a new exclusive type of golf , considered an extreme sport where a player hits the ball while hand-gliding .	Kite-golf is a new sport that combines golf and hand-gliding .	0
Critics applaud rookie Belgian director Alan Berliner 's film , about a 7-year-old boy who yearns to be a girl , for giving an inside report ...	Alan Berliner directed a film about a boy who wants to be a girl .	0
Islam won its place in Malaya not by conquest as had been the case in North Africa and Europe but by trade , dynastic alliances , and peaceful preaching .	Islam took over Malaya .	0
Grisham is content with the simple and compelling observation that as a society we fail to treat the homeless with the dignity they deserve .	Grisham feels like we need to give the homeless more respect as they are people too .	1
He was deferential to Sir James , whom he recognized .	He was deferential to Sir James because he knows that James is the head vampire .	1
well the their pension plan is really good	Their retirement plan is quite nice .	0
Here 's Dr.	We 've been expecting him .	1
The theater has ceased to be the place where Americans explore issues of the kind raised by Death of a Salesman . But Miller 's failure is ultimately his own .	People still go to the theater to explore deep issues .	2
Interest on Treasury securities held by trust revolving funds .	The interest is great and accumulated over time .	1
that wouldn 't really catch my attention but if i knew that they had you know really good train layouts i would wanna go and see what they had	There 's nothing about trains that really grabs me , so I wouldn 't really choose to go there .	2
It is said that the great Renaissance artist originally planned the statue to adorn his own grave .	The statue ended up featuring on the grave of the artist 's brother .	1
Several examples of his early works reminded me that he was not completely worthless after all .	Several samples of his early works reminded me that he was once onto something .	0
Don Cazar , he has offered money a hundred dollars in gold to have off the Range that killer pinto stud .	A hundred dollars in gold was offered for a pinto stud .	0
Then th ' Rebs got up on their high horse an ' said as how iffen Don Cazar warn 't with ' em , then he was agin ' em , an ' they would jus ' move in on him .	Cazar was a solo man , and did everything by himself .	1
uh but uh asking questions during the trial my experience as a juror uh well it was a traffic situation uh there were three points of law that had to be made and the County Attorney did not make the points	It was a DUI situation .	2
So how can we Internet apologists explain away this finding ?	Internet apologists aren 't sure if there is a way to provide an explanation .	1
very nice you know i 've i 've heard horror stories from other TIers that have had tenants but he didn 't like yard work and what happened was the Saint Augustine grew up you know if you don 't watch it and keep it trimmed back it will totally take over your flower beds	The horror stories that I heard have kept me up for many days .	1
Finally , its share of total First-Class Mail dropped from 8.1 percent in 1990 to 6.4 percent in 1997 .	The drop in First-Class Mail could be attributed to the increased used of email .	1
Also in the eastern compound is the Daihozoden ( Great Treasure Hall ) , housing Horyuji 's magnificent collection of Buddhist art , among Japan 's finest .	Hotyuji 's art consisted of western paintings .	2
We recorded 788 actions taken in response to our recommendations to improve how the federal government operates , a number far exceeding that of the preceding 3 years as illustrated in the following graphic .	The number exceeded preceding years by a magnitude of 10 .	1
But despite the odds , I find it worthwhile to try to make the connection .	I don 't think making a connection is worth the trouble .	2
While there are few precedents anywhere in the world for eternal flames to honor individuals , there are even fewer precedents for turning them off once ignited .	There are few precedents anywhere in the world that would want to honor individuals .	0
The current LSC reconfiguration standards , which are under review by the Task Force , are compiled and discussed in Section IV of this Special Report to Congress .	The LSC reconfiguration standards that are included in this Special Report to Congress are currently under review .	0
For instance , a contract to install a scrubber on a 500 MWe unit at the Coleman Station in Kentucky is scheduled to be completed in early 2004 ( approximately 24 months after the contract was announced , which is several months shorter than the installation schedule set forth in Exhibit A-1 ) .	The contract for the 500 MWe unit will be completed in February 2004 .	1
It is the largest of the gardens , with 12 terraces and lined with fine cedars and cypresses .	All of the gardens here are lined with trees .	1
Now , my dear young lady , let us come to business . His large face broadened into a smile .	His face smiled malevolently at her	1
For academic recognition , you don 't have to go far .	They wanted to be praised for their dedication .	1
He recommended a balance between the rigor of research and the application process that needs to happen .	He did not care for balance as long as they met their deadlines .	2
Adrin knelt to one knee and smiled at Susan .	Susan ran away from Adrin .	2
The last great monument of the old town , in the Rue aux Juifs , is the grand Palais de Justice , a jewel of Renaissance and Flamboyant Goth ? ­ ic architecture built on the site of the medieval ghetto .	The grand Palais de Justice was built on the site of a medieval ghetto .	0
The EPA submitted the rule to OMB for review under Executive Order 12866 as a significant regulatory action .	The EPA submitted the rule for review .	0
do you feel like you 're really saving anything i mean	It feels like we are really saving everything .	2
right or if you 're going to go the science route you can go to a target school that specializes in science or art you know there 's no point in you know i 'm an engineering student and if i have to go take art classes you know i 'm not going to use them and through high school i could have gone so much further if i 'd gone to a school that was directed	I am majoring in English poetry .	2
The lead on the story was USPS volume to decline with a loss of $ 17 billion in revenue .	The USPS volume declined with a loss of $ 17 billion in revenue , said the report .	1
emit one ton of sulfur dioxide .	The 1 ton of sulfur dioxide was thrown into the ocean .	1
because it looked so formidable um then then just	It really did look wonderful .	0
The dramatically rising cliff of black basalt stone made the castle impregnable to all but the most wily commander .	No one had ever overtaken the castle before .	1
i was in the Air Force yeah yeah for myself i mean i think that military experience was fine it was just i just wish that there was something else that that that i could have done you know with	I was in the Air Force .	0
Former corporate wife Lorna Wendt won a $ 20-million divorce judgment against her ex-husband , GE Capital Services CEO Gary Wendt .	Lorna did not win any money after going to court against her ex-husband .	2
IIBT is a nonprofit educational and research institution for advancing the management of business technologies in the public and private sectors in order to improve performance .	IIBT makes profit off of everything they do , and also accepts donations from its members .	2
Devon House is one of the exceptions , built in 1881 as a plantation house for George Steibel , the first black millionaire of Jamaica .	George Steibel was the first black millionaire in Jamaica .	0
Ca 'daan heard whispers as they passed but could only make out one word .	Ca 'daan couldn 't make out all the words the whispers were saying .	0
New Legitimacy	Newfound authenticity .	0
she 'll definitely uh she 'll make the trip for fishing if we if that comes along but uh	She will never join us for a fishing trip .	2
Lured by the promise of treasure galleons and stores of ammunition , some pirates worked independently ; others , however , were employed by the various European crowns , particularly the British , to help carry on their power struggles in the colonial world .	All pirates worked independently .	2
But Palermo rose up against the French in the murderous Sicilian Vespers of 1282 , when the locals massacred everyone who spoke Italian with a French accent and forced Charles to move his capital to Naples .	Palermo and Charles were friends in Switzerland .	2
They all love attention .	They love attention .	0
oh it really was i didn 't see it the first one my husband said it was um about the same lines	I saw the first one and think it is quite different .	2
The main reason I only bought one or two was I knew that after playing them I would generally be stuck with them .	I only bought one or two because I knew I would be stuck with them .	0
After the hot-spring town of Tatopani , the walls of the gorge draw closer and closer to the road ( landslides often close the highway ) until the customs post at Kodari is reached .	The walls of the gorge open up after the hot-spring town	2
The government will pay hospitals not to train doctors . This nationalizes a $ 400-million New York state subsidy scheme that aims to reduce the surplus of doctors .	New York is also trying to reduce the number of police .	1
That may be so but I have , said Julius dryly .	Julius denied ever doing it under any circumstances .	2
yeah we try to stay up too	We don 't try to stay up .	2
You sound too much like White .	You talk like White .	0
Communism was a large smothering blanket thrown across societies and suppressing primordial identities .	Communism smothered societies and suppressed primordial identities .	0
It 's plagued by bland dialogue and dull sitcom acting , writes the New York Times ' Stephen Holden .	Stephen Holden thinks the program is bland and dull .	0
I turned around .	I refused to turn around .	2
yeah you have to hunt hard for them i guess	You have to hunt hard for them .	0
or no let 's see uh Dick Tracy i did we did see Dick Tracy so that 's	We saw Dick Tracy .	0
By standardizing practice , the reformers argued , wasteful care would be curtailed without sacrificing--perhaps even while improving--quality .	Reformers agree that no changes needed to be made .	2
If this logic holds , missile defense is a job for U.S.	Missile defense is needed here .	1
The size of a small village , the site now houses mosques , museums , cafe , and is a place where tourists and local people gather away from the noise and dust of the city .	The city is very irritating and extremely noisy and dirty .	1
eight of which survived and uh and she we ended up keeping one of those puppies	Eight puppies survived , but we only kept one .	0
The rancher says it 's his land , not the government-protected wolf 's .	Wolves are being released near large herds of cattle .	1
Its centerpiece is a gilded seated wooden statue of the Kannon Bodhisattva , 3.3 m ( 11 ft ) high , with 11 faces on the crown of its head and 40 arms ( extravagantly known as a thousand arms ) wielding bells , wheels , and lotus flowers .	The Kannon Bodhisattva has 40 arms and 11 faces .	0
So ? Did it go OK ? Rajmundo looked happy , because Daria sitting next to him had exactly the opposite intentions .	Rajmundo was happy but Daria had different ideas .	0
( The New York Times Magazine wrote a nearly identical piece two months ago . )	Every news article by New York Times is completely unique .	2
So , I cried , a light breaking in upon me , " it was John who quarrelled with his mother that afternoon ? "	I realized that John had fought with his mother prior to killing her .	1
Gambling is wildly popular with the Chinese of Hong Kong , and they make up nearly 80 percent of all visitors to the casinos .	Hong Kong 's casinos primarily serve the millions of tourists that visit the island every year .	2
you oh how neat	His new hat was very fashionable .	1
This means , for example , that for a large mailing going 3,000 miles , the same postage would be charged for e-ounce pieces requiring one tractor trailer as would be charged for 3-ounce pieces requiring four tractor trailers .	Postage is more expensive .	2
The flower stalls on place de la Madeleine open daily except Monday .	The only day the flower stalls are open is Monday .	2
right right i do think there is probably an influence there because i noticed that even though popular music the the wilder stuff was around when my uh older children were were you know adolescents early adolescents when they first start listening to music on their own they first get ask for a radio of their own and so on um	They were influenced my music at a young age .	0
Later , you 'll use this disk to copy the components back onto your hard drive .	The disk can be used to transfer most kinds of flies .	1
The stage was now set for the French West Indies ' greatest hero , Victor Schoelcher .	Victor was a successful hero .	1
The audit approach described in this guide is intended to result in a risk assessment of an acquisition project at any point in its development .	The audit approach is intended to assess the cost of an acquisition project .	2
He started to brush it aside , but Nema 's hand restrained him .	Nema wanted to do it herself .	1
and it 's hard to get on a regular schedule and then we 're pretty active in our church which takes up a lot more time too so	We 're too busy with church activities to find time .	0
you might be sitting on a gold mine	You might be sitting on a treasure .	0
The chant picked up again , and now the brazier flamed a dull red , showing the Sather Karf 's face changing from some kind of disappointment to a businesslike steadiness .	They were trying to keep a straight face .	1
5 . World Health Organization Brief Intervention Study Group .	The intervention study group of the World Wildlife Fund .	2
After decades of seeing these problems recur in agency after agency , Congress moved to address this endemic situation on a governmentwide basis .	These problems occurred in agencies over centuries .	2
can you do you defeated the purpose of even having the gun	It only makes sense to have a gun if you 're willing to use it .	1
Successive waves of Norman invaders followed Strongbow .	There were waves of Norman invaders .	0
A cold hand seemed to close round her heart … .	Her heart felt full and warm .	2
to be able to travel someplace else whether it be the United States or outside the country i think would 've been a very good um experience for me	I think it would be best if I don 't travel .	2
To counter the Kota Bharu landings , the British overseas fleet 's proudest battleships , the Prince of Wales and the Repulse , sailed north .	Britain didn 't respond to the threat of landing at Kota Bharu .	2
IV believed that the statue spoke to him , telling him he would become Pharaoh if he cleared the sand away .	He was led to believe that he would become Pharaoh after clearing the sand .	0
Better git away from a real man ' fore you gits yore backside warmed .	It 's better to get away from a real man because he might be harmed .	1
In accordance with paragraph 603 ( b ) ( 5 ) , the Commission notes that the proposed rule does not duplicate , overlap , or conflict with any relevant federal rule .	The Commission did not want to have two laws stating the same objective .	1
He does not believe in national parks ( private stewards will exercise proper stewardship ) .	He does not believe in some public spaces .	0
To use the Bush-appropriate metaphor , he 's like a hitter facing a tough pitcher .	He seems like a hitter facing a tough pitcher , if we want to use a Bush-appropriate metaphor , says the TV show presenter .	1
those that work for the the higher executives those secretaries they uh they really dress up all the time so there 's a good combination in the hallways all the time you know	The higher employees dress formally everyday .	0
Accordingly I accosted him .	As a result , I threw a punch aimed at his face .	1
Nasser was to rule for 17 years during which , with Soviet help , Egypt embarked on a huge modernization program .	Egypt , in the coming years , fell far behind other countries .	2
They hail Natasha Richardson 's unglamorous portrayal of Sally Bowles--an aging , seedy bisexual nightclub singer--as the performance of the season ( Ben Brantley , the New York Times ) . Dissenting , the Washington Post ' s Lloyd Rose says Richardson can 't phrase a song .	Richardson 's acting performance is remarkable and one that takes the cake for the season .	1
This , of course , is not a very satisfactory state of affairs for theoretical economists--or , for that matter , policy-makers or speech writers .	This arrangement involves a law that would outlaw lectures and news conferences .	1
The bitter taste of slavery is always in the background .	Slavery is the only thing in the background .	1
Then I ran into him at a party .	I saw him at an event we were both attending .	0
and so that 's why the Russians are so angry with him right now is because they 've they know it 's a scam and so you know i that 's what i feel i don 't know what do you feel do you agree with me or disagree	The Russians love him right now , don 't they ?	2
All right , what 's the goin ' handle ?	Ok , what 's the going handle ?	0
Traditionally tartans were worn in the form of a kilt or traditional Highland dress , and these are certainly still available .	Tartans originally featured on kilts and dresses , which still exist today .	0
Segregation on Chicago 's South Side is as vicious as it is in Compton , and if you 're talking about criminalizing the poor and turning public space over to Disney , then Rudolph Giuliani 's New York City would seem to be the current industry leader .	Segregation is not a problem in Chicago .	2
He took the midnight mail to London .	He went to London with the midnight mail .	0
In foreign magazines she had read that snub prominent noses ( but not as masculine anymore ) would be in fashion this season , and that the wife of the president of Rumumbia ordered herself from the La Berg catalog , a nose listed as La Berg Shilouette 14 .	The wife ordered an arm listed as La Berg Shilouette 12 .	2
The New York City Consumer Affairs Commissioner is quoted as saying Mr. Fishbein has a shot at winning the suit because restaurants are allowed to add a service charge for parties larger than six if the customer is told in advance--but the surcharge is limited to 15 percent .	All restaurants automatically add a 15 % gratuity for parties of six or more .	1
For bitchy wit at its best , set your VCRs to catch Bette Davis in the incomparable All About Eve ( Monday , Cinemax 2 , 4 p.m. ) .	Bette Davis is not on the show All About Eve .	2
yeah hum that 's good that 's that 's that 's that 's actually real good	That is bad .	2
Lately , however , there is less and less of this in literature .	Literature always stays the same .	2
They arranged a plan to throw suspicion on John Cavendish , by buying strychnine at the village chemist 's , and signing the register in his hand-writing .	The strychine was not purchased in John Cavendish 's name .	2
The eastern region , known as Oriente , has soaring mountains and Cuba 's second and most musical city , Santiago de Cuba .	There is a soaring mountain in the eastern region known as Oriente and there are many wild species that live there .	1
Yoritomo 's piety bought him a little more time to enjoy his success ; he was 52 when he was thrown by a horse and died of his injuries .	Yoritomo died as a result of horse-riding injuries .	0
While the new Third Repub ? ­ lic 's government under Adolphe Thiers negotiated the terms of surrender , the workers ' communes refused to give in .	Adolphe Thiers ' government sought to continue the situation , hoping the worker 's communes would remain steadfast .	2
'I think I 'm going to try and find the bathroom . ' 	I 'm going to look for the bathroom .	0
But she hasn 't .	But she will .	1
At the present rate of exchange it amounts to considerably over two hundred and fifty thousand pounds .	The amount is three pounds .	2
Culture buffs are well catered to , and there is always a varied program of events , ranging from world-class concerts to local amateur dramatic productions .	There is always a varied program of events to satisfy culture lovers .	0
John Cavendish did not destroy that will . " Poirot was a true prophet .	Poirot predicted that John was not the murderer .	1
McPhilips also ordered the prototype of the device , which was to be formally presented for approval to the chief of its Europe , Africa and Israel division , who was known for being aggressive .	McPhilips didn 't want to order a prototype because he was scared of the chief .	2
IRS 's senior executive performance plans for fiscal year 2001 are structured	In the 2001 fiscal year , the performance plans for IRS senior executives were structured .	0
but they tend to like the parking lot up at the Springcreek Plant the upper limit of it 's terraced and its usually unoccupied	They hate the Springcreek Plant parking lot , even though it has free spots .	2
The Autun tympanum 's rich carving of Jesus presiding at the Last Judg ? ­ ment is full of vitality .	Autun tympanum created a rich and vital painting of Jesus .	2
you know but like i said i don 't tolerate the heat and the	I 've never enjoyed extreme weather .	1
Boorman pays a price for his The General isn 't an emotional grabber .	Boorman may be paying a price , but it isn 't a particularly hefty one .	1
'And over here , we have the Monument of Ages .	Here we have the Monument of Ages .	0
he 's heavy into Japanese culture uh along with uh the Ninja the arts of Ninja and all all the various uh martial arts	He practices martial arts himself .	1
wow and how much can you sell the litter for you know the same type of price if they 're good or	How much money can you get for the litter ?	0
More powerful royal stewards were sent out to diminish the autonomy of the regional parlements , councils with judicial rather than legislative functions , dominated by the high clergy and the nobles .	The regional parliaments were dominated by the high clergy and the nobles .	0
But he shore thinks th ' world an ' all of Johnny , raising him up from a li 'l cub .	He holds Johnny in high a esteem after raising him .	0
To a much lesser extent this analysis makes use of data from 717 business routes .	To a much greater extent this analysis makes use of data from 717 business routes	2
I leave it in your hands .	I leave it up to you .	0
Employees can accrue savings by such means as using frequent flyer miles to obtain free airline tickets , sharing hotel rooms with coworkers , or staying with friends or relatives .	Staying with friends or relatives can save thousands in journey expenses .	1
This is my friend A 'deem .	A 'deem is my friend .	0
Opening hours are as ordinary shops and stores 8am to noon and 2 to 5pm ; supermarkets , department stores , and bookshops 8 : 30am to 12 : 30pm and 2 : 30 to 5 : 30pm ; boutiques 9am to 1pm and 3 to 6pm .	Bookshops open later because booksellers are a notoriously slumber-prone bunch .	1
The Astronomer spoke with difficulty .	The Astronomer struggled to speak .	0
EPA has identified two types of small entities which could potentially be impacted by the ( 1 ) small businesses involved in locomotive aftermarket parts production and locomotive remanufacturing and ( 2 ) small railroads .	EPA says that there are two types of small entities that could be impacted : businesses involved in locomotive aftermarket parts production and remanufacturing and small railroads .	0
The 1960 ferroconcrete reconstruction of the main castle-keep houses a fine museum of feudal armor and weapons and offers a good view of the city .	They reconstructed the castle .	0
The liveryman knew the signs .	The signs were obvious to the liveryman .	0
The analysis notes that the rulemaking applies to providers of cellular , narrowband and broadband PCS , CMRS , specialized mobile radio services , CMRS paging commercial 220 MHz services , and for-profit interconnected business radio services .	The analysis says that rulemaking only applies to landlines .	2
Drew retreated to the roofed entrance of the Four Jacks .	Drew went into the Four Jacks entrance .	0
it is the best system that 's out there right now but it does need some fine tuning at this point	We 'll have to elect a new set of politicians if we expect any change to happen .	1
and uh it 's just so you you know with budget restraints and things like that it 's makes it difficult	There is plenty of room in the budget , making it easier to do things .	2
He introduced them to her one by one .	She was introduced by them one by one .	0
The Passaic County Legal Aid Society is suing to block a proposal to reduce New Jersey 's 14 legal-services areas to six , claiming the consolidation is a concerted effort to defund the Passaic branch .	The Passaic County Legal Aid Society is supportive of the consolidation efforts .	2
Though most of its people claim descent from the ancient Egyptians , modern religious practices and social protocols are totally divorced from those of their ancestors .	None of the people are descended from the ancient Egyptians .	2
She was trying something desperately , but fear was thick on her face , and her hands were unsure .	She was calmed and confident that she was not in any danger .	2
Delaying reform until Social Security 's insolvency is imminent would necessitate drastic changes over a shorter period .	Drastic changes would be required if Social Security reform is delayed .	0
Must the intervention occur in the first 24 hours or can it be included in discharge planning and delivered after discharge ?	Does the intervention need to happen within the first day or can it happen after the discharge ?	0
and um it uh you know compared to the way the things have upgraded have uh really what 's the word i 'm looking for i 'm just totally drawing a blank but uh the way things have changed over the years with the PC and the different programs is just great it 's remarkable the things we can do now and compared to you know	There are thousands of programs that a person can run on a PC .	1
Other reviewers place Fagles ' work in the same league as Fitzgerald 's and Lattimore 's classic translations .	No one considers Fagle 's writing that great .	2
And state law enforcement agencies focus on patterns of fraudulent behavior , not problems with individual loans .	Individual loans are not normally a focus for law enforcement agencies .	0
Then she slipped quietly back to the boudoir door .	She sneaked out the back door .	0
Now , it is difficult to justify many of those changes .	It is easy to explain the changes .	2
Oh , if only the young American was in his room !	I wish the American was in the room .	0
Be for foreign tourists , Ise is not a destination for picturesque sightseeing , and there isn 't really very much to see or photograph ( especially since taking pictures of the Inner Shrine is forbidden ) .	Photo hounds from around the world flock here .	2
and i was a freshman in high school you know and i was the peon but uh it probably took i don 't know maybe the first semester to get to get to where i was really comfortable with school because um i hadn 't been in the public school system for so long and it is just it 's really different it uh the children there are a lot a lot wilder than what i was used to i was grew i grew up in a very protective home and then whenever i got to high school things were just so much different especially nowadays i mean even the high school that i went to just recently they put up these little metal detectors at each door when you walk in to make sure you don 't have a gun and things like that and uh	I never went to high school .	2
yeah that 's what i said you know summer during the summertime you 've got to get up at six o 'clock in the morning	It will get way too hot during the summer , so you have to get up and work around 6am or you 'll get heat exhaustion .	1
Fitzsimmons ( who isn 't giving any interviews now ) offers no new statistics to back up his current claim that 5,000 IDEs are performed every year .	Fitzsimmons was lying when he made his previous claim .	1
With its wealth of pretty cottages , Askham is a true farming community .	Askham is a farming community with lots of pretty cottages .	0
Expatriate Cubans settled in nearby Florida , establishing a colony that would steadily gain in political and economic power .	People that left Cuba congregated in the state of Florida .	0
Kinsey was of another age .	Kinsey was different .	0
I can 't stand here on this ladder all day long .	I don 't have the ability to stay on the ladder for the entire day .	0
well that 's interesting i had no idea that was just for the employees and i couldn 't understand i kept getting these calls i thought it was an advertisement and they just were also called TI you know there is Texas Industries and different things	The calls were from a group called KI .	2
Ringlet township , the first point of arrival , offers little that is special , apart from flower nurseries and access to some tea plantations .	The first point of arrival was chosen by the company .	1
Tommy strolled slowly down to the end of the street , then back again .	While Tommy waited , he strolled slowly from one end of the street to the other .	1
( The Whitney plugs the exhibition . )	Whitney plugs the exhibition .	0
i 'd be more than happy to let the judge determine the uh the sentencing	It would please me if the judge was the one doing the sentencing .	0
Wigand and Bergman are both insiders , and both , ultimately , whistle-blowers .	Wingand and Bergman are wistle blowers .	0
when it gets to be a hundred degrees every day for a month and a half	It will get to be a hundred degrees every day .	0
and i keep saying no no no	Because I don 't want to do that .	1
as a recurring character every week	There aren 't any recurring characters .	2
i could i couldn 't afford to work there	The expensive uniform means that I could not afford to work there .	1
Cutting mercury emissions by 69 percent , -the first-ever national cap on mercury emissions .	They plan to continue to impose new mercury emissions caps as we successfully attain them .	1
EPA recognized these stakeholder interests in a summary report of its revised goals that it sent to Congress and its other stakeholders in February 1995 .	The summary report was sent to everyone but Congress	2
A small Greek Orthodox church commemorates the event .	The event is honored by a little Greek Orthodox church .	0
He thinks screening for alcohol problems in EDs is on the horizon .	According to statistics , alcohol consumption is on the rise .	1
well uh you know even the police uh have a lot of paperwork to do uh i observed a uh i didn 't actually see the accident but uh the the aftermath of a three car accident yesterday here in Richardson and i was going into the public library and apparently the accident had just you know recently happened then but there was a policeman there policewoman there	Police officers need to go through a lot of paperwork .	0
It is retarded under certain conditions , none of which , however , appear to have been present in this case .	All of the conditions mentioned have appeared in this case .	2
Others insist that it was just a storehouse for jewels .	People say is is meant to house the jewels .	0
We held a Corporate Governance and Accountability Forum in February 2002 involving prominent leaders from the public , private and not-for-profit sectors to discuss the recent accountability failures in the private sector and what actions may be necessary to help prevent such failures in the future .	In February , 2002 , there was a Corporate Governance and Accountability Forum .	0
there you go okay	Here you are , now it is complete .	1
Equity options themselves aren 't the problem--they have legitimate uses--and without the ability to lock in positions that equity options offer , certain folks might not be in the equity market in the first place .	Equity options can be difficult to manage .	1
It was for his dedication to the law and the people that are affected by it that he was recently recognized .	He was recognized for his great dedication posthumously .	1
Yes , sir . Dorcas withdrew .	Dorcas withdrew to the adjacent room , where two visitors sat waiting .	1
well uh what about the lighting did it make a big difference	Did the darkness make things better ?	2
She certainly could not be a day less than seventy now .	She looked older than she was .	1
It simultaneously published an editorial speculating that fen-phen would save more lives by reducing obesity than the associated heart disease would kill .	Fen-phen would supposedly reduce deaths by reducing obesity .	0
Drug-policy experts and social scientists seem to agree that social and cultural factors are driving up teen drug use .	Social scientists agree that teen drug abuse has been decreasing .	2
yeah i know you 're right they would lobby that and and i see that and that 's why you know i 'm like okay what 's my role in this thing you know what 's my part because i don 't think the system is going to get fixed i think it 's crippled	They would lobby for better pay .	1
Circumstances have changed .	Things are the same .	2
It 's the center of the industry , and practically all the great wines are represented here .	No great wines are represented in the center of the industry area .	2
Go home and sleep in your own bed , my friend , said Jon to Ca 'daan .	He wanted to take a nap too .	1
uh the interesting thing was the tremendous selection of jury process uh that we experienced That took one full week uh to get forty three people qualified to sit on the jury And then it was a matter of the selection of uh twelve people after that actually it was fourteen because we had two alternates	It took two months to find a jury that was qualified .	2
but i guess most every team has some has someone like that i don 't know	I know every player on every team .	2
the proposed rule was published in the Federal Register on November 23 , 1993 ( 58 Fed .	The proposed rule was listed in the Federal Register .	0
A few streets away , the courthouse is another survivor of that era , with fine verandas and an impressive main staircase .	Another survivor of that era is the courthouse .	0
no it 's not chopsticks it 's the other one that has the um oh i don 't even i don 't i don 't know enough about music to do it but you the bottom person uses two hands and the top person just uses one hand and it 's this little melody i it may have been a girl thing	It might have been a female thing , I don 't know enough about music to do it .	0
uh-huh that sounds like an interesting concept	That seems to be an interesting idea .	0
Yes , the American people have a right to be skeptical .	They wanted the Americans to think for themselves .	1
well that 's true too as long as you 're not going to going to hit any white water or you know if you 're just doing a nice calm river it 's uh it 's it uh you don 't have to put very much effort into it	If you hit white water , you will have an easier time .	2
Past the Jalan Tun H. S. Lee and Jalan Cheng Lock junction is the See Yeoh Temple , founded by Yap Ay Koy , a city leader in KL 's early days .	The See Yeoh Temple is past the junction .	0
However , these canoe rides actually focus on the more visible bird life along the river banks egrets , ducks , storks , kingfishers , eagles , and scores of other fascinating birds .	However , these canoe rides actually focus on the more visible bird life along the river banks because the big game is hiding .	1
Recognizing that more action was needed to improve the CSR system , LSC provided additional written guidance to the field , including a substantial revision to its CSR Handbook ( reissued in November 1998 ) , and conducted training sessions on that guidance .	Training and revisions were made to improve the system .	0
Given the name 's track record , I think that 's a terrible shame .	I think it 's a shame he was given that name .	0
In addition to an interest in the program , potential users may have an ability to influence the conduct of the program .	Potential users have no affect on the program at all .	2
More complete data , including reference case assumptions , are available in Appendix 5.2 .	The assumptions made were standard for research in the field .	1
Never did any . " 11 " I have but I always got mixed up , and used to put credit entries on the debit side , and vice versa so they fired me out .	My employers have always adored me , and refuse to put me out of a job .	2
Small Byzantine churches sit on street corners , side by side with family homes .	There are no family homes located near the Byzantine churches .	2
but i had the wrong side out i didn 't know there was a right and wrong side the thread worked	Both sides of the threading were incorrect so I couldn 't chose the right side .	2
After the alleged relationship became public property , the situation was different .	The situation became different after the alleged relationship became public property .	0
The fakes are best distinguished from the genuine articles by how low a price you can get .	The likelihood of an article being fake is supposedly directly correlated to how low a price you can get on it , though - having caught on to this fact - many shopkeepers are now hiking up the prices so as to throw consumers off the trail of their fake goods .	1
While he shaved and trimmed Dave , he made insultingly solicitous comments about Dave 's skin needing a massage , suggested a tonic for thinning hair and practically insisted on a singe .	He said that Dave needs a massage .	0
You know , the singer .	The singer is an Emmy award winner .	1
After a product passes this decision point and added investments are made , the cost of making changes to the product design also increases significantly .	You never should make additional changes once the product is decided upon .	1
hello this is Jim in Dallas uh how you doing	This is Jim Jefferies in Dallas , how are you doing ?	1
One is lulled into thinking that these contorted bathers are mere exercises in the handling of pastel , and not the work of , in the poet Paul Valery 's words , a supremely cruel authority on female contours and poses .	One could think that this art was simple and not exploitative .	0
The biography of the legendary Belgian-French king of pulp fiction ( 1903-1989 ) , who wrote more than 400 novels and bedded even more women ( he estimated 10,000 ) , is deemed masterful , absorbing , and definitive ( Deirdre Bair , the New York Times Book Review ) . Simenon wins praise for its defense of Simenon 's oeuvre , often dismissed as hackery , and for its candid treatment of his misogyny and anti-Semitism .	The womanizing traits contributed to the appeal of the Belgian-French king of pulp fiction .	1
In the kitchen is a planter of yellow tulips with pale-green markings engulfed by a mass of purple grape hyacinths .	There are tulips in the kitchen .	0
Although the efficacy of this initiative has not been fully assessed , SSA has been implementing a pilot program to establish a single decision maker position .	the efficacy of the initiative has not been fully assessed	0
like a ankle bracelet that 's a monitor and they are not allowed i mean the some of them are even allowed to work they can go to their regular job they come home they have to be home by such and such a time	They cannot go any other place during the day but work .	1
so but i know many people who have changed majors several times in uh college uh in fact very few people finish in four years now	There are a lot of people who switch majors quite a few times while in college .	0
In return for fixed payments to the emperor , Company officials collected revenue .	Company didn 't officials collected revenue with fixed payments .	0
This happened in response to attempts on the part of 19th-century industrialists and businessmen to exploit the area 's natural resources .	Big businesses have attempted to exploit the area 's natural resources in the past .	0
it it the the the wind 's blowing very hard but i guess uh you know we 're just out of March and uh will bring the rain in April	It hasn 't been that windy for March , and there won 't be much rain in April .	2
right right right isn 't it such such a long running	It 's really long running .	0
They may not realize their complicity in a movement that seems likely ultimately to take such freedom away .	They were hyper aware of any changes to their current freedoms .	2
He seemed very emphatic once or twice he beat with his fist on the table .	He did not touch the table with his fists .	2
She was trying something desperately , but fear was thick on her face , and her hands were unsure .	She was desperate for a solution .	0
Beaches close to Tokyo and Osaka are crowded ( except after 1 September , when summer for the Japanese has officially ended ) .	The beaches near Tokyo are crowded .	0
So the euro plan allows them to blame foreign interests for required reductions .	They can point to foreign interests for required reductions , thanks to the euro plan .	0
Moviegoers love the intricacies of a crime , all the more when it 's for a good cause .	Moviegoers love crime movies set in a big city .	1
half of which is coming true	Half of the psychic reading is coming true .	1
constitute uh dismissal or grounds for whatever the company or agency might uh have set up for those who genuinely have a problem in other words there needs to be um more than	The dismissal with be both swift and brutal in nature .	1
Visitors to the center can view the marriage room , complete with anvil , along with a small museum that has preserved the tales of angry parents who descended on the shop to interrupt weddings in progress .	Visitors can view both the marriage room and a small museum .	0
Tropical Peace and Splendor	Tropical Splendor and Peace as well .	0
Sure thing I do .	Sure , I do lots of things .	1
In the Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis , the FCC finds that there will be no economic impact on small businesses .	In its analysis , the FCC has identified massive economic impacts that small business will experience .	2
just exactly	Precisely .	0
Pimephales promelas ( 96 h , 22EC ) 6 17 Pimephales promelas ( 24 h , 25EC ) 7 6 Ceriodaphnia dubia ( 48 h , 25EC ) 7 11 Mysidopsis bahia ( 96 h , 22EC ) 8 14	Pimephales promelas is a word .	0
Created by the Texas Supreme Court , the Equal Access foundation has distributed about $ 8 million statewide .	The Equal Access foundation was brought about by the Supreme Court of Texas .	0
He 's going there to collapse it .	The reason he 's going there is to collapse it .	0
They are fixed stars , which means they move with the sky .	The fixed stars are all bright green while the other stars are white .	1
ESTIMATED COST -The process of projecting a future result in terms of cost , based on information available at the time .	Estimated costs do not include any projection	2
Malls conquered the retail economy by providing a selection of goods broad enough and cheap enough to gain consumers ' trust and thereby control their options .	Malls provided a tiny selection of goods .	2
and uh um yeah and they understand our the our process	They have no idea what the process involves .	2
She became so interested in the area 's ongoing struggle and the local culture that she decided to study it systematically , exiting from her marriage to return there .	The divorced her husband because she was obsessed with poverty	1
Breyiana Breyiana look at me please just a second be quite please i can not hear i will talk to you in just a second go ahead so she went to school out here	Please be quiet for a second ; I cannot hear and will talk to you in a second .	0
Beyond KL , the British colonial past whose structures now more often stand in the shadow of KL 's new skyscrapers continues to echo amid the northern hill stations .	The skyline of KL is hardly dominated by tall skyscrapers .	2
Connaught Place straddles the northeast southwest axis which links the Jama Masjid mosque of Old Delhi to India 's parliament , Sansad Bhavan .	Old Delhi is no longer the capital of India .	1
This change in the composition of our work has left GAO less flexibility to pursue R	The GAO has less flexibility due to change in composition of work .	0
Herbert Stein 's article He Has To Go asks , Is this the man I want to represent ...	Herbert Stein did not write this article .	2
Along with boutiques not found elsewhere , you 'll encounter Hollywood culture at its most flaunting and tawdry .	Anything you can find , you can find elsewhere .	2
This man was not the same as the others they had fought .	This man was bigger , stronger and more valiant .	1
A good place to start exploring is the bustling Umeda area , containing Japan Railways Osaka Station , three subway stations , and two private railway stations .	Umeda has three rail stations and three subway stations .	0
The new emperor called himself Jahangir ( World Seizer ) but once in power he left affairs of state to his wife Nur Jahan , as he was more interested in writing poetry , drinking a great deal of wine , and taking summer excursions up to Kashmir .	The new emperor referred to himself as Jahangir and left the affairs of the state to his first and only wife as he was more interested in the finer things of life .	1
This tiny , wood-panelled room is covered all over with lacquered paintings of flowers and fruit in rococo style .	The room has no decorations on the wall at all .	2
It might have been useful for welding , but there was no electric torch .	It so oykd be useful for welding , but there wasn 't a torch .	0
Federal Program Failed .	The federal program failed due to a lack of caring .	1
Indian infantry inflicted heavy losses from their bunkers on the beaches but finally succumbed to the massive onslaught .	The bunkers were the saving grace from the Indian infantry ,	1
The program also includes new fossil fuel-fired electricity generating boilers and turbines and integrated gasification combined cycle plants regardless of size , except for gas-fired units serving one or more generators with total nameplate capacity of 25 MW or less .	The program contains over five pages relating to new fossil fuel-fired electricity generating boilers .	1
There had to be some distortion in there somewhere .	The audio was distorted .	1
i don 't know i guess that 's it say hi to Pittsburgh if you 're	I really miss Pittsburg .	1
the second car i ever bought i drive to work now that just turned ten years old and i 've got a hundred and twenty two thousand miles on that	My second car is ten years old , but it 's still in good shape .	1
The bad news is your federal funding for civil equal justice will also decrease .	The funding was too low already .	1
why does your voice sound familiar to me	I think I 've heard your voice before .	0
It includes a long , pleated skirt of homespun wool , either black or white ; an apron with complicated patterns ; a fine silk , long-tasselled shawl over the shoulders ; and a big lace mantilla over the head , with hair braided down the back , sometimes tied by a schoolgirl ribbon .	You can 't cut your hair because it has to be at least 18 inches long .	1
I didn 't hear what Mr. Inglethorp replied .	Mr. Inglethorp replied to someone .	0
well what have you seen	You haven 't seen anything .	2
GAO expects to receive a report from the agency on the results of the action .	No report was due to the GAO .	2
'You know me . ' 	You know me from school .	1
We do , however , oppose S. 556 because of concerns with the bill -- both with some provisions that are in the bill and with some that are missing .	We oppose s 556 because of concerns with the bill .	0
and um so that was something that was important to us and because like like i say i we kind of felt deprived that he had been in school and been away from us for so long that we were anxious to do everything we could to have you know	He was in school and away from us so often that we felt deprived .	0
Some fellow named Gandhi out there .	There is a person out there named Ghandi .	0
Province Wellesley merely acted as a mainland buffer for Penang , and Melaka similarly turned its back on affairs in the hinterland .	Wellesley 's main purpose was to connect the provinces to the hinterlands , Melaka functioned similarly .	2
Therefore , the reliability of such data has become more and more important .	The data 's reliability has grown even more crucial .	0
The avenues that exit from the Place de l 'Etoile house some of the ritziest streets in Paris ( Avenue Foch is a particularly good address ) .	The Place de l 'Etoile is a shabby , run down district with derelict , squalorous conditions .	2
uh a city planner and one of his and he models uh city districts and so forth uh does computer modeling	He does computer modeling as a city planner .	0
right you could take catalytic but mufflers would be a little more obvious if you took that off	Catalytic taken from a car is less noticeable than taking off a muffler .	0
well have we spent our at least five minutes okay	Have our five minutes been spent well ?	0
In our Save the Unified Surpluses base simulation , receipts follow CBO 's dollar projections through 2010 .	They were hoping to see an increase .	1
um-hum um-hum did do you find that uh the area has changed since you built your home or has or has the area mainly it are the rest of the homes in keeping with the decor or in the style of yours	Do you think the decor of the area has changed much since you built your house ?	0
The standards provide the overall framework for establishing and maintaining internal control and for identifying and addressing major performance and management challenges and areas at greatest risk of fraud , waste , abuse , and mismanagement .	The standards give a framework for internal controls for federal agencies .	1
Las Vegas reaps the rewards and suffers the losses of a metropolis of over one million residents whose primary industry is tourism .	Vegas has over a million residents and 90 % of them work in tourism .	1
To estimate the effects of changes in income over time we use a procedure originally outlined in Appendix H of the Section 812 Prospective Report to Congress ( EPA 1999 ) .	Appendix H describes effects in financial fluctuations .	0
The altars were gone .	The altars had vanished .	0
But there are so many other fine programs on ABC to mock .	Comedians have an easy time making funny of these ABC programs .	1
( In the film , as in life , Kaufman goes to the Philippines to visit a healer who pretends to remove diseased-looking entrails--actually , concealed animal parts--from Kaufman 's body .	Kaufman went to the Philippines to visit a healer because he had an illness .	1
Hugh Hefner , 72 , allegedly needs no nursing , just a little blue , diamond-shaped pill .	Hugh Hefner started taking the pills at the age of 65 .	1
LSC interpreted the statutory provision to allow indigent clients to challenge welfare agency determinations of benefit ineligibility under interpretations of existing law .	The statutory provision was interpreted by the LSC .	0
Other biochemical markers such as mean corpuscular volume , platelet count , liver enzymes , gamma-glutamyltransferase .	Mean corpuscular volume and liver enzymes are both biochemical markers .	0
The Honorable Donna E. Shalala The Secretary of Health and Human Services	Donna E. Shalala is the former secretary of health and human services .	2
Reader Survey , Round 2	The reader survey was conducted in four rounds .	1
uh-huh yeah i agree with you like pre junior high and and um see and make it you know a curriculum oriented type of proposal as opposed to anything mandated like the old selective service or anything so it sounds like we 're in agreement with that	I agree with you that they should teach sex ed in schools .	1
That 's the way we do it , you know . He tapped with his finger on the table , and Tuppence felt again the intense power that radiated from the man .	Tuppence saw that the man was weak and easily manipulated .	2
well we talked long enough	We have spent enough time talking .	0
yeah she 's fairly young we we 've bred her once and and that 's all we 're going to breed her so uh	We bred her at a young age .	0
They were almost at the barn ; its huge open door black .	The huge door of the barn was ahead of them now .	1
The functions of collection , delivery , transportation , processing and window services are common to the postal administrations of all industrialized countries .	Postal systems in industrialized countries collect , delivery , transport , and process mail in similar ways .	0
The good news , for those who must spend up to $ 22,000 in a few days , is that there is a fairly broad latitude in what you can spend the money on .	There is nothing good for people who spend up to $ 22,000	2
He then began his academic career at the University of Michigan , where he earned the title of full Professor in 1986 .	He worked at University of Michigan .	0
a long time yes and they they take up a lot of you know good space you know kind of like a bookcase	They take up no space at all .	2
oh i 'm glad my husband 's not like that either i 'd kill him my brother 's like that and um	My husband is like that , I 'm gonna kill him !	2
At least one evening during a stay , men from a nearby Tharu village will perform their traditional martial arts-like stick dance .	The men have been practicing this dance since they were young .	1
, uptown vs. downtown ) --let alone the idea that a possession could bring its buyer simple pleasure .	Buying uptown is more expensive than downtown .	1
A brief summary of the statement is presented .	The summary presentation is no longer than 5 minutes .	1
she has twelve children she looks gorgeous no she 's gorgeous a nd she just liked having kids and she 's thin and i mean all my friends with four or more children are thin i mean i 'm not kidding you	She looks very ugly , regardless of how many kids she had .	2
yeah maybe a little bit in that perspective but uh i know a lot of people that have gone in the military i mean in you know when they 're in the college sometimes it 's to support help support college you know the money	Some people join the military in college to support their college .	0
and springtime you have to use bags to pack them	You can get bags for packing leaves at the local hardware shop .	1
A Byzantine expedition from Constantinople ousted the Vandals from the Balearics in 534 .	Constantinople was a member of the Vandals .	2
They had to hunch to get in the first tunnels but deep within they rose into high square caves and finally into the open mines .	They were hiding in the mines .	1
I forgot about the other .	The other slipped my mind .	0
It would create a powerful incentive ( of the kind attacked in Losing Ground ) for people not to work	It would cause people to want to work .	2
I guess there must have been . " But Tommy 's common sense pointed out objections .	Common sense indicated that it might not have been .	0
Perhaps that thought crossed his mind because Hunt Rennie stood by the fireplace moving the toe of his boot back and forth across a smear of gray powder .	Hunt sat on a log outside .	2
Wellesley then turned on the Marathas , whose clans controlled the puppet Mughal emperor in Delhi and much of central India .	Wellesley allied with the Marathas clans who controlled the Mughal emperor in Delhi and central India .	2
She surely is aware that her husband was unfaithful to her before he became president--he admitted as much on national television .	Her husband practically admitted on national television that he was unfaithful to her before he became president .	0
It is estimated that the reduction in responses and burden hours will result in a savings of $ 1,273,975 or a new yearly cost of compliance of $ 1,469,155 .	There is a large savings with the reduction in responses and burden hours , but nothing is ever done about it .	1
did they switch	Why did they stay the same ?	2
have you ever lived in that part of the country	Did you bomb that part of the country yet ?	2
her first one will probably be about four	The first is 10 .	2
uh we have one she 's only nine months old	She is less than a year old .	0
Also , under full automation , fast pay could be eliminated in most situations .	Fast pay is usually eliminated under full automation .	0
A huge number of fairs and festivals take place throughout the year .	Some of the festivals are so popular tickets are sold out within days .	1
The Byzantines tried to protect the Golden Horn from enemy ships by stretching a huge chain across its mouth .	No enemy ships managed to get past the Golden Horn .	1
why did you do it that way	Why do you think that 's the way it 's done ?	0
However , fast pay procedures typically entail payment authorization without evidence of receipt and acceptance , provided that subsequent to payment authorization , receipt and acceptance is verified .	The verification of receipt and acceptance isn 't required at all under fast pay procedures .	2
yeah it 's it 's made very c lear upon hiring	When you take the job they spell it out for you .	0
Yes , abortion is anathema to John Paul II , who is bemused by suggestions that he has an obsession with the subject , but he condemns abortion because he sees it as not only anti-life but also anti-woman .	John Paul II is the Pope , the leader of Christianity .	1
Bronx Legal Services is one of seven nonprofit groups in the city that contract with Legal Services of New York ( LSNY ) to provide legal services to the poor .	Bronx Legal services does contract work with Legal Services of New York for helping poor people with legal services .	0
Th ' boys he nodded at Drew and Anse " were sittin ' at that table , mindin ' their own business .	He said that the boys were running around and causing trouble .	2
The program also held design reviews for each of the major subsystems , allowing the program to achieve and demonstrate a stable design in July 1999 , before beginning initial manufacturing of production representative prototypes .	The program doesn 't review their designs .	2
well that was one reason why i figured that i could stand Lubbock Texas that was about as much winter as i could get because i grew up west coast sunshine green leaves on trees	There are many reasons .	1
Martha , who does not want her last name used , believes she owes her very life to Legal Services and lawyer Laura Adjangba , who won her political asylum in the United States .	Martha attributes her winning to the Legal Services system .	1
Under its conductor , David Atherton , it offers Western classical works and new works by Chinese composers in a September-to-June season .	It has no conductor .	2
i 've had one idea that i think is is is completely undoable but it but i think it but but i suspect it would work and the way to do it is to get an absolutely atrocious candidate who you never expect to win to go out and make inflammatory and ridiculous and stupid statements so that a large population of of of voters will go out and vote against that person for someone else so given a choice between you know so so if you have so if if imagine a world where you have two real candidates and one idiot who goes out and makes you know anti you know sort of um	We could have a dubious plan for shifting votes towards some candidates by putting a really bad candidate for the run .	1
An old woman can sit .	An old man is not able to run .	2
He had little patience for people who want their flowers to be foolproof and in continuous bloom .	He didn 't mind if people had annoying requests .	2
Lee Kemp , a hearing-impaired World War II disabled vet , also was evicted , but he contacted Utah Legal Services and was told to stay put .	Lee Kamp is a disabled vet on SSI .	1
um-hum yeah i got a call yesterday too this is a different subject though	Yesterday I got a call too however , this is a different topic .	0
On a rocky promontory beside the town is the site of the Temple of Apollo , dating from the sixth century b.c.	The Temple of Apollo is located below the town .	2
Built in 1886 , the Perakiauseum , housing an interesting display of ancient weapons and Orang Asli implements , is the oldest in Malaysia .	The Perakiauseum was built in 1987 .	2
Or , if not tenure , their goal might have been the eternal fame associated with having your name on an important piece of human wisdom .	Very few succeed in having important piece of human wisdom associated with their name .	1
Or will they stay the course and ask government to do more with less ?	But will they stay on course , asking government to use less and get more done ?	0
Microsoft 's critics point out that Windows has 90 percent of the OS market .	Microsoft Windows has cornered 90 percent of the OS market .	0
Even today wind and water are still hard at work , gradually but continually changing the landscape .	Wind and water gradually changes the landscape , even today .	0
yeah well that looks that looks like so much work to me i	That smells like a little work .	2
I 'm in a hurry . "	I cannot stop for a talk .	1
Commentators have noted the growth of Alabama 's black electorate , which Wallace now had to court .	Wallace had to court Alabama 's growing black electorate .	0
Badu , the most thrilling new voice in pop ( Time ) , wins praise for bucking genres ( she blends soul , jazz , and hip-hop ) and writing edgy lyrics .	According to Time , Badu is a thrilling new voice in rock music .	2
that was in the seventies uh-huh	It was in 1976 .	1
It 's true that Democrats cynically oversimplified Quayle 's blunders .	It 's true that Democrats cynically oversimplified Quayle 's blunders .	0
A flash of heavy silver and another fell into two pieces .	It was very dull .	2
and uh i mean just this this little town here is basically a college town	More students live here than residents .	1
no no well i 've i 've used the Nautilus equipment and the bikes and stair climbers and stuff like that mostly i don 't use the free weights but	I 've never used Nautilus equipment , not even their bikes .	2
Wander around the neighborhood 's back streets to admire the beautifully kept residential houses , many with elegantly carved teak window screens and doorways and handsome gold-and-black lacquered name plates .	The window screens and doorways are elegantly carved from teak .	0
At the top of Ben Yehuda Street , turn left into King George V Street .	At the bottom of Ben Yehuda Street , take a sharp right .	2
I feel that after it was over , he realized he may have missed something .	I feel that he was aware that he may have missed something , said the teacher after the test .	1
He says she gave him the confidence to be an actor , and he ended up helping to support her at the end of her life .	He claims that she improved his confidence to be an actor .	0
Kobe exploded onto the world 's headlines with the suddenness of the earthquake that ravaged the city 17 January 1995 , claiming a final death toll of over 6,000 .	The earthquake in Kobe on January 17 , 1995 claimed over 6,000 deaths and made headlines all over the world .	0
Bauerstein ! " Instantly I regretted my words .	I regretted what I said because it drew attention to me .	1
i didn 't know we had one either yeah	I didn 't know we had a doctor on staff .	1
The man slammed his warhammer , missing Thorn by a hair but kicked , connecting with Thorn 's stomach .	The man missed Thorn completely with his attacks .	2
The Symposium has also been the vehicle that has helped enable West Virginia to unify and transform its delivery system .	The Symposium alone helped enable the transformation of West Virginia 's delivery system .	1
um-hum i know but what 's yours do you agree or do you disagree or i mean what do you think long term	What do you think long-term ?	0
LSC is also obligated to ensure that the federal investment promotes efficient and effective client service and complements the efforts of other providers of civil legal services .	The LSC has no obligations .	2
We want you to start resurrecting Presidents .	We wanted to bring back dead presidents .	0
In tears , jailbird confesses to her role in the murder of Vince Foster and ' anything else Ken Starr wants .	The prisoner confessed fully .	0
I want to kill everyone in that cave , said the Desert Ghost .	The Desert Ghost wanted to shoot all the people .	1
Adrin jerked a moment and wobbled .	Adrin was steady and even-keeled .	2
What does an Applied Fundamentals Division do ? I don 't really know- no one does .	I don 't know what an Applied Fundamentals Division does .	0
D 'Amato is the eminence grise ( or perhaps the eminence noire ) of the corrupt Nassau County Republican machine .	D 'Amato is a janitor for the post office in Miami .	2
Or I might just have hit upon it by chance , continued Tuppence , intoxicated with the success of truthfulness .	Tuppence hit upon burried treasure .	1
yeah well the only thing that might save him is that in the backs of their minds they may think that they don 't want to hurt him permanently	Nothing will be able to save him because they are ruthless and do not have something in the back of their minds .	2
Both were longtime Microsoft employees ( 14 years in Betsy 's case ) who happily embraced this different sort of software product and the different sort of people ( i.e.	They worked at Microsoft for quite some time .	0
Want one ?	I could give you one if you want a piece .	1
In the temple 's treasure house you can see a statue of the crusty old warlord in all his armor .	There are no statues in the treasure house .	2
Not got a sort of kindly feeling for one another ?	Is there no mutual admiration between the two of you ?	0
But tourism is the country 's modern lifeblood , and not just as a result of our insatiable thirst for history .	The city has no tourists .	2
They had the crone naked and hanging from the beam of the shack by her feet .	They burned her and the barn down when they she would not admit to her practice of witchcraft .	2
Interested in free legal advice through the program ?	The program only requires your personal information for free legal advice .	1
If you plan to buy anything for use in Europe or elsewhere ( where PAL is the main broadcast standard ) , make sure you purchase a multisystem unit ; only these are compatible with the various broadcast standards in use around the globe .	Multisystem units are compatible with many types of broadcast standards .	0
Many golf clubs also have their own courts .	They also have their own lawn bowling lawns .	1
A microclimate in Cold River makes this an ideal stopover the souvenir sellers along the main road are an indicator of the number of people that pop in .	Cold River has a microclimate that makes it a great stopover .	0
of course you know you always wonder about the information you 're getting anyway	You 're always curious about the intel you get anyway .	0
The Chinese were barred from these areas , and from any European neighborhood .	Chinese citizens could not enter European zones without consequence .	0
Take care .	Be safe .	0
One draw for visiting gadget freaks is being able to buy the very latest equipment several months ahead of its sales launch abroad .	The latest equipment can not be bought as it is not sold to regular consumers .	2
Indeed , many impotents do suffer from an exclusively medical problem .	There was nothing wrong them it is all in their heads .	2
Her delivery isn 't moist--it 's prickly and blunt , and she can jabber convincingly , so that the jabbering takes on a life of its own and leaves her ( sometimes horrified ) in the dust .	Her delivery style is awkward .	0
but uh we stripped and then had somebody else come in and do the actually put the paper up next time i think i 'll do it the other way around let them strip and i 'll hang the paper	This time they stripped the paper and we hung out and drank beer , but next time we should do the opposite .	2
Crowned by a chhattra ( umbrella ) made of stone , the stupa was erected on a terrace with a fence to enclose the path .	The stupa is also made out of stone .	1
a little barb wire fence huh well i 've only been out uh i 've only been in the west once so uh i was i was in Iowa and it was bitter cold when i was there and that 's the way that 's north um that 's sort of north midwest though so way way north of where you are so i i uh my experience wasn 't wasn 't quite down there i i i like i said i want to wind up somewhere down in that range where it 's nice and warm and you know when when when you get twenty five cold days a year rather than twenty five warm days a year	There were only 20 days last year where it snowed .	1
He thanked the gods and the horse , whispering promises of a comfortable life for the rest of her days , though he wondered if he could fulfill the promise .	He too wanted to enjoy a comfortable life .	1
and one of them was even a woman who was fairly old and i guess she she had her own separate room and i think whether it 's more a custom up there or maybe because i was younger and it 's just not a custom anymore	The old woman definitely had a custom room .	1
Maroon people are very private , still running their own affairs and paying no land taxes to the government .	Maroon people are in the wrong for not paying land taxes to the government .	1
He set several pictures in the palatial Amsterdam Town Hall , completed in 1665 and regarded as the eighth wonder of the world .	The Amsterdam Town Hall was nothing special and not photograph worthy .	2
The Beatrix Potter Gallery is housed in a tiny building on Main Street that was once the office of William Heelis , Potter 's solicitor husband .	William Heelis had an office in a tiny building on Main Street .	0
But I have a policy about never talking about anyone who is in office or running for office , or is in litigation .	I have a policy of being mute about who is in office , I find it respectful .	1
It puzzles me .	I understand it completely .	2
Blum not only fails to share these explanations , but also sometimes repeats ones that are downright wrong--such as that men die young because the species needs them less .	Blum says incorrect things sometimes .	0
In addition , this guide includes examples from our case study work that best illustrate how each practice enabled the selected organization to achieve the desired outcomes .	The guide includes examples from the case study work that shows how each practice helped the organization .	0
Multimethod Policy Issues and Applications .	The policy issues are being addressed .	1
It 's insane .	It 's very crazy .	1
yeah oh i agree i mean if we were to if if something were to happen i 'm sure they would all of a sudden band together just for the sake of for the sake of uh of of unity against us or something if if if need be but	They could unite against us , if something happens .	0
Based on a review of the trajectory charts in The Physics of Baseball and Keep Your Eye on the The Science and Folklore of Baseball , conversations with University of Puget Sound physicist Andrew Rex , and correspondence with aerospace engineer and baseball researcher Roger Hawks , I determined that the McGwire home run would have traveled about 474 feet .	I have been able to calculate the distance travel of the McGwire home run , which is definitely impressive for everyone that knows it .	1
I nodded , clearing my throat .	I cleared by throat and nodded my head .	0
The City Council plan would also reduce to 2 percent the Bloomberg plan 's 7 percent cut for District Attorney 's Offices citywide .	Bloomberg wants to cut the DA office 's budget by 7 % .	0
Jon could hear them riding on the path towards him .	Jon was deaf .	2
There didn 't seem to be a peep-hole of any kind nevertheless I felt kind of sure there must be .	They had hidden all the peep-holes , but I thought there had to be one .	1
Beautiful at any time of year , Aira Force is a 20-m ( 60-ft ) waterfall spanned at its peak by a narrow stone foot-bridge .	Moisture makes the foot-bridge at the peak of the Aira Force waterfall treacherous .	1
Professor Cleveland worked for two years ( 1994-1996 ) for Florida Legal Services as a Skadden Fellow , conducting civil impact litigation on behalf of Caribbean H-2A migrant farmworkers in the southeastern U.S.	Professor Cleveland loved his time working for Florida Legal Services .	1
i 've seen your spaghetti bridges though when i wouldn 't want to go over them	I think spaghetti bridges are dangerous .	1
And ranking by size of gift provides a useful objective measure .	An objective measure is is rank by size .	0
The Congress continues to turn to GAO for assistance on significant issues facing the nation-in fact , we face record demands for our services .	GAO is facing a very large number of demands for its services .	0
Reports attribute his decision not to become a dean at Pepperdine University to angry objections from his staff and GOP leaders .	According to reports , he has received angry objections even from his own staff .	0
There 's more free stuff available online to fill up the time when the boss isn 't around than the proxy-censor will ever let us read .	There is no internet access at the workplace .	2
The preambles to both final rules respond to the issues raised by the comments and discuss any action taken by the SEC in response .	The SEC response action was discussed in the preamble .	0
and it 's small	It is small but we like it .	1
I can think of no better introduction to the Romantic era .	I can 't think of a better way to introduce the Romantic Era .	0
What have we got that others envy ?	We don 't have anything that makes anyone envious .	1
Although this rate variation may seem minimal , if all the banks paid IOLTA interest at only 0.25 percent , the annual earnings on $ 1 .	The variation is not as minimal as believed .	1
so we had quite a cross section of black white and women and men	There were more minorities and women than white men .	1
There are stables all around the country where horses can be hired , and many quintas ( hotels on country estates ) provide horses for guests .	Horses are holy in this region , and may not be ridden .	2
Regarding Onward , Christian Clothiers : I often wonder if the peddlers of religious schlock have actually read any Scripture beyond the gory here 's hell in your face passages .	I always like questioning religious zealots about parts of the Scripture they ignore .	1
well that 's great it just more yeah i know what you mean	I don 't understand what you are saying but I know it 's not good .	2
How come you ain 't knowin ' ' bout ' wet hosses ' ?	How come you know everything about wet hosses ?	2
This being done , he can then print together and bundle all of the addresses for one ZIP Code .	He will then be able to print and bundle the addresses .	0
It was a different man who stood before them .	It was someone else that stood in front of them .	0
Not for the pleasure of your company .	I would never want to be in your company .	2
Just as important , involving stakeholders in strategic planning efforts can help create a basic understanding among the stakeholders of the competing demands that confront most agencies , the limited resources available to them , and how those demands and resources require careful and continuous balancing .	Stakeholders prefer to be involved and informed during the planning process .	1
uh one of my favorite things was we were forever catching crab and steaming them	I loved catching crab and steaming them .	0
The rather extravagant color of his clothing matched well with the town .	The town was filled with extravagant colors .	0
and then i 'd sit at a desk for eight hours and then sit in the car for another hour and a half now that i 've moved to Texas and i work ten minutes away um i have a lot more free time to take walks with the family or go bicycling bicycling or play basketball or baseball with my son and uh uh it just uh it from that standpoint uh leaving that area was a was was turn turn around was good for my health i guess you could say	I did not like working at the desk for eight hours a day .	1
GAO 's work involves different collection approaches to meet the evidence requirements of the generally accepted government auditing standards .	Auditing standards are not accepted in the government .	2
Since FEMA issued its mission statement in April 1993 , it has been reexamining its approach to limiting deaths and property losses from disasters .	They are bent on total destruction .	2
He had spoken up for them already , but would Muller accept his testimony over that of his own men ?	Muller has his own men .	0
, that his sexual relationship with Hillary is not all it 's supposed to be , let 's assume that some of the allegations that Hillary--sometimes not necessarily being into regular sex with men--might be true .	His sexual relationship with Hillary isn 't all its supposed to be .	1
News , an article claims that German Chancellor Helmut Kohl may well lose this month 's election .	German Chancellor Helmut Kohl has not been very popular with voters .	1
Tomorrow we begin .	Today we begin .	2
he didn 't you know he 's not really into all that he would wear it if he had to for his job and all but you know if he had the preference i mean his his preference is um blue jeans and a T-shirt so	He hates blue jeans and t shirts .	2
The Arab town was erected atop this sandy layer and many treasures are still lost below the surface of the modern streets .	The town was built atop of another old one .	1
Unconventionally gifted kids , who didn 't get top grades in high school or who don 't have perfect SAT scores , stand a better chance than they do elsewhere of getting in--and of being presented with the highest level of intellectual challenge .	Kids that are exceptional for unusual reasons have a better chance of getting a challenge .	0
I questioned Poirot mutely .	Poirot was mutely questioned by me .	0
Ito , about 16 km ( 10 miles ) south of Atami on the east coast , is a spa with some 800 thermal springs and good surf swi mming along its beautiful , rugged coast .	Thousands of people come to bathe in Ito 's thermal springs every year .	1
There 's a shop specializing in all these items on Av .	All of these items have a shop devoted to them on Av .	0
well Dunleavy 's a good coach though he was	Dunleavy was a terrible coach .	2
You never know for sure what you 're getting , which , unfortunately , is an argument for ponying up .	You don 't know what you 're going to get at the race track , so might as well pony up .	1
and uh of course flying uh using your Social Security number of course permits people to do that	Even with your Social Security number people can 't do anything with that .	2
The white expanse of Platja de Mitjorn , clearly visible on the southern side , is paralleled by the rocky strip of beach on the Es Cale side .	The beach near Es Cale is the most crowded on the island .	1
Wolff exploits the human tendency to confuse frankness and cruelty with truth-telling .	Wolff utterly disregards the fine line between cruelly telling the truth and mere honesty .	2
( My personal guess is that the hidden improvements are less important than they were in the 1950s and 1960 For example , direct-dial long-distance calling and television made more real difference to our lives than the Internet and DVD . )	I think that the hidden improvements are less important than they were in the 1950s and 1960 , so we must change that .	1
As Aphrodite Jones recounts in her book about the incident , All She Wanted ( for which Diane Keaton has bought the movie rights ) , Tom told a police officer that Lana was in the car but didn 't go into the farmhouse .	Tom was speaking to a female police officer .	1
i i couldn 't either i couldn 't either	I couldn 't do the task either , same as the other person .	1
everybody likes his speed but he can 't catch the ball	He can run fast , but he can 't catch .	0
Microsoft isn 't preventing anyone from using Netscape or charging Netscape for the right of access ; it 's providing Internet Explorer free , but then that would be normal practice in this kind of industry even if IE wasn 't allegedly an integral part of Windows 95 .	Microsoft has taken great care to offer a level playing field for every web browser that would run on their operating system .	2
well you are not from that area originally i can tell	It 's obvious that is where you come from .	2
It is also extremely important that we maintain and strengthen our capacity to effectively serve the Congress and meet the growing demand level in the future .	The demand on Congress will stay level or even decrease in the future .	2
It 's more publicly renowned , however , as the setting where Julia Roberts ' and Richard Gere 's characters found love in the film Pretty Woman .	Pretty Woman was filmed on the Pacific Coast Highway .	2
I nonetheless think it an abuse of discretion to ignore it .	I believe it should not be ignored .	0
Lincoln 's gaze was searching the crowd , and I knew who he was looking for .	Lincoln was looking at the people .	0
Jamaica and Its People	Jamaica and Bahamas and their people .	1
Currently , approximately 900 MWe of single absorber capacity has been successfully installed in the U.S.	Roughly 159 MWe of the single absorber capacity has been installed successfully .	2
but um you know if i don 't know that i would go back as often if it wasn 't for the idea that i have fun there	If it wasn 't for the idea that I 'm having fun there , I 'm not sure if I 'd go back as much .	0
i guess i have the most trouble with chipping how about you	I have not practiced chipping .	1
Marilyn McNamara ( New Hampshire ) and Adrienne Worthy ( West Virginia ) facilitated this discussion .	Marilyn and Adrienne made the discussion easier for everybody .	0
See Jagadeesh Gokhale , Are We Saving Enough ?	We are not saving enough .	1
Room 6 concentrates on tomb finds dating from the New-Palace and Post-Palace periods and displays beautiful pottery pieces , military pieces such as helmets and sword handles , and gold jewelry .	There are no artifacts to be found in Room 6 , only New Age pieces .	2
all set do you want to start	I need some time before we begin .	2
was it are they young do you know how old they are	Do you know their age .	0
Attack on their backs and sides .	Their backs and sides are the best to be attacked .	0
Imagine we now have been asked to examine in more detail what explains differences among states in missing returns , since cumulatively the effect is to make states look poorer than they actually would be if they collected revenues authorized by their own legislatures .	We have been asked examine variation in returns to maximize revenue .	1
well that 's true it it has to be kind of a discreet transaction	It 'd be better if the authorities didn 't catch wind of the transaction .	1
Les Corniches	The Corniches .	0
not do anything about it	Can 't do anything	1
He noted that little is known about effective screening for certain sub-populations , so screening research still has its place .	Screening research does not have a place .	2
i mean you know i can understand like on a Monday	It is understandable on a Monday .	0
And it 's not that they don 't know any .	They actually do not know any .	2
Greyish and ugly .	Ugly and greyish .	0
What 's all this for ?	All this suffering ... for what ?	1
Quick , get out .	Jump out as fast as you can .	0
Look at that .	There is something there .	1
The cover story about New Jersey charter schools worries about the rise of free-market education .	The cover story promotes free-market education in New Jersey .	2
i mean that even when i read it now it still makes me cry the ending of it and i couldn 't believe i i could not believe that it took me so long to read such a good book i 'd read some Dickens before but i hadn 't read that one and i i was like i thought to myself	I think that Dickens is the best writer ever .	1
The data for 2001 aren 't tallied , but she says the numbers appear flat .	The data changed 0.005 % in 2001 .	1
His particular obsession is that Hillary Clinton is , I kid you not , a Red .	According to his obsession Hillary Clinton is a covert communist .	1
The spot closes with the name of the product chyroned across the Bunny-searching van that just keeps going .	The product is put across the car that keeps going .	2
That was weird to see .	That was quite odd to view .	0
In semi-free elections , Solidarity was the overwhelming victor , and the Communist regime collapsed .	Solidarity was defeated in the semi-free elections .	2
As detailed in that model , one critical success factor is to link unit and individual performance to organizational goals .	One critical success factor is to link unit and individual performance to organizational goals .	0
The sea urchin , Arbacia punctulata , test requires control egg fertilization equal to or exceeding 70 percent .	The sea urchins are notorious for having rapid breeding cycles .	1
Certainly not .	Yes , of course .	2
Sir James to-day hadn 't got any hope at all , I could see that .	Sir James was hopeless after his wife left him .	1
Seeing it on the tray , sir .	Sir , it was there on the tray .	0
The Cafe de Flore round the corner has hung on to its intellectual tradition more than the others , perhaps because of its rather ideologically confused history .	The Cafe de Flore was known for modern intellectualism .	2
I 'm more conflicted about my high-school writing teacher , who announced that his lessons were so valuable that he deserved 10 percent of the profits from our first books .	The value of a lesson is , of course , only relative to how well the student performs based solely on that lesson 's information .	1
There is a trade off between sensitivity and specificity defined by the receiver operator curve .	There is give and take with regards to the operator curve .	0
Fix the engine , Dave Hanson , he called .	He called to Hanson to fix the engine .	0
When we 're with friends he generally covers it well , but with family his anger is obvious .	His anger problems permeate all aspects of his life , and affect everyone he speaks to .	2
For example , operating information is required for development of financial reports .	In order to develop the financial reports , the operating information is needed .	0
but um the only thing i would have thought of is my husband just said this he said public bathrooms he	I would have never been thinking about my husband .	2
Designed to invoke the castle architecture of the Tokugawa period , the theater was destroyed in an air raid in World War II and rebuilt in 1951 .	The theater , which was designed to invoke the castle architecture of the Tokugawa period , was destroyed in an air raid in World War II and rebuilt in 1951 .	0
News , an article claims that German Chancellor Helmut Kohl may well lose this month 's election .	Helmut Kohl is the German chancellor that 's running for re-election .	0
Well , she said quietly , " whether it is your business or not , I will tell you that we are not happy . " I said nothing , for I saw that she had not finished .	She told me a confidence very quietly .	0
One commenter expressed concern that the Commission would extend the requirement for an open access same-time information system ( OASIS ) to nonpublic , not-for-profit cooperative utilities and stated that the Commission would then be required to analyze the requirement 's effect on those utilities .	The Commission does not need to analyze the effect on utilities .	2
I could only see sideways into the room .	I could only peer into the room obliquely .	0
did you stay up late and catch this Red Dwarf oh that was a scream	did you wake up early to see this Red Dwarf	2
you know you oh yeah because i mean everybody grows up looking at these cop movies and trying to you know to imitate them or whatever and uh i thought he did such an excellent job of not	Cops are really cool to a lot of people who watch those movies .	1
A pointless act .	The act had no point .	0
i know you guys down there have had have had a problem for a while which we 're experiencing now with the savings and loans and	We are experiencing a problem with savings and loans .	0
You should always pay attention to your instincts . "	Your instincts are usually correct .	1
The plaques on the walls give the names of the communities that were destroyed .	The plaques states the names of fallen communities .	0
much more frequently than i had intended uh for sixteen years but	I 've always anticipated it would last long .	2
I raised a brow .	I raised my fingernail .	2
it seems like a lot of times the law is is totally on the criminal side and and isn 't protecting the rest of the people	In most cases , it seems like the law isn 't protecting the public .	0
with the child care that was in it the immediate area	There 's no daycare near us .	2
Slate page in 0.0266 seconds .	0.0266 seconds for a slate page .	0
Conrad lit a hissing gas burner and went out .	The burner was hissing , though almost out of gas .	1
Simply because strychnine has an unusually bitter taste .	Strychnine is a traditional drink prepared in Greece .	1
type books which i have use as reference and have been real handy but purely just for enjoyment i i had a major in English and linguistics and so i have have a lot of books in my home that i can read from the classics and i do enjoy those quite a bit and um so i tend to for reading just day to day uh you know i have a particular book i 'm looking for or i just enjoy uh you know the newspaper magazine	I don 't bother looking at those books .	2
The Galata Tower ( Galata Kulesi ) was the keystone in the colony 's defences .	The Galata Tower was built as a library for the population to learn and read .	2
Comment : Steve The only rich person in American who thinks Alan Greenspan is doing a bad job .	Most think Greenspan is doing a good job .	0
well yeah and to some extent uh utilities i imagine	Utilities are probably included , too .	0
This seems completely wrongheaded .	This seems wrong minded .	0
The church is in fact a Baroque elaboration of the Greeks ' Temple of Athena ( fifth century b.c. ) , with its columns incorporated into the masonry of the outside walls .	The church completely copied the idea of using columns incorporated into the outside walls .	1
Life , moralized Tuppence , " is full of surprises . "	Tuppence , on the other hand , was not surprised .	1
'Huh , ' Greuze muttered , looking my way .	Greuze was wearing a black suit and tie .	1
Upscale bungalows with slate floors , private gardens , and spacious lanais create a relaxing hideaway on the beach .	The bungalows have slate floors and hammocks on the porch .	1
For information on how to access GAO reports on the INTERNET , send email message with info in the body info @ www.gao.gov or visit GAO 's WorldWide Web Home Page / / www.gao.gov ReportingFraud , Waste , and AbuseinFederal Programs To contact GAO FraudNET Web / / www.gao.gov / fraudnet / fraudnet.htm	GAO reports can not be accessed from the internet .	2
They would ride in , kill the men , rape the women , burn the buildings , and eat the children .	The men were excited to do their evil deed .	1
In response to an increasingly competitive job market , federal agencies will need the tools and flexibility to attract , hire , retain , and reward topflight talent .	Federal agencies are keen when it comes to keeping the best people on the job .	1
yeah yeah you would think they would	Most of the time they do .	1
Remember , holiday-time isn 't always all playtime .	All holidays are playtime .	2
It could also mean the loss of some of the 72 lawyers in Kentucky for the program commonly called Legal Aid , as well as legal assistants and other staff .	72 lawyers are at risk of being removed from the program called legal aid .	0
Soon she fell silent , leaving the screaming to the woman chained to the pillar .	Both women laid quietly chained to the pillar .	2
The best theory I have so far is By giving a film a low price , you let the world know it 's lousy ; then they really don 't want to see it .	They did not think that the public knows how to value a film .	1
but all those you know just monthly payments and stuff that just go out the door and there 's big chunks of your money to pay like the utilities and the gas and the groceries and stuff that you don 't have tangible i mean the perishable kind of things that 's gone used and gone	Although utilities and food are a monthly payment , luckily it 's not a large amount .	2
Last year , in an attempt to address significant management and accountability problems with federal student financial aid programs , Congress enacted the first PBO , the Office of Student Financial Assistance , within the Department of Education .	Last year was 2016 , assuming this address happened in 2017 .	1
Conferees further noted that possibilities for promotion among women and members of disenfranchised groups must be in place to ensure that diversity goes beyond race .	Possibilities for promotion have been less available to white women over the last five years .	1
7.36 Written audit plans may include the following .	The audit plans need to be presented in podcast form .	2
Text box 2.1 compares GDP to another measure of economic output-gross national product ( GNP ) .	To compare GDP to GNP , look at text box 2.1 .	0
Think for a moment , said San 'doro .	San 'doro remained silent the whole time .	2
For these people , the New Economy offers more promise than hazard .	The New Economy holds more hazard than promise .	1
And suppose the total market for advertising doubled . In this highly optimistic scenario , Internet ad spending would be $ 400 per household .	The total market for advertising will definitely quadruple .	2
I wish Surowiecki had made that distinction .	Surowiecki should have described it with more detail .	0
He would be back in control now .	He would control the village again .	0
He walked through a thousand conversations that would or would not convince them .	He thought about what to say to them .	0
Then it got started .	Then it began .	0
they 're going to run you down	Something is going to run you down !	0
The WP lead has the same thrust , only a little more detailed .	The WP lead 's thrust was a little more detailed in its thrust .	0
what i did when i was doing that was mostly pillows you know for sofas and so forth and	There was just a hard floor with nothing to sit on .	2
The new details in This Wild Darkness make explicit the sexual abuses of his adoptive father .	The new details of This Wild Darkness explicitly state the sexual abuses of his father and their affect on him .	1
Few outside of the Voth tribes knew what the scars meant , but Jon was one of those few .	He had no idea they had scars let alone what they meant .	2
A similar uprising occurred in Hungary the same year , and the Soviets invaded to quickly crush it .	The Soviets were quick to crush the uprising in Hungary .	0
I understood she was to remain with Miss Vandemeyer for a while .	As far as I knew she was staying with Miss Vandemeyer .	0
During the night , he 'd partially awakened in agony to find Nema chanting and gesturing desperately beside him , and he 'd been sure he was on the verge of his second death .	Nema was dressed in a white gown and black boots .	1
replaced each year on average , the annual demand for replacement SCR catalyst is approximately 5,000 to 8,000 m3 / yr .	The annual demand for replacement SCR catalyst is between 5000 and 8000 m3 / yr , up from 3000 .	1
He handed Adrin his sword and dagger .	He handed him his laundry .	2
at times she enjoys it at times not and	She sometimes enjoys it .	0
but i think the US is one of the few countries that still do	US is the last country to have it , last I heard .	2
Even one of our own Directors in New York , when asked to give us some information as to what had become of the English capital sent out--what do you think he said ?	They do not have any directors in New York .	2
5 million in federal funds under the Violence Against Women Act ( VAWA ) for use in rendering assistance in domestic violence cases .	There are no funds available under the Violence Against Women Act .	2
SOUTHEAST	The path leads towards Australia .	1
The dry-cleaning bills were ridiculous .	I couldn 't believe how cheap the dry cleaning was .	2
Now , is that deregulation , or is it re-regulation ?	This question is rarely answered correctly .	1
it 's um it 's it 's amazingly less expensive than it is	It 's less expensive .	0
However , they had not seen the last of their Muslim foe .	Their Muslim enemy vowed for revenge .	1
i think i think uh i think that is and and we we got involved really in in two ways uh my oldest daughter i guess when she went uh was in the first grade brought home a note saying uh we 're getting up a soccer team and we 're getting a chance to play soccer	We didn 't get involved until my daughter had graduated .	2
yeah right yeah maybe so maybe so	Definitely not .	2
Like his own , it was trembling with fatigue and reaction .	Unlike his it was affected by the events .	2
You will hear it everywhere .	You will hear it a lot because everybody is talking about it .	1
But can the Weinsteins , who like being the only cocks of the walk , tolerate a partner as famous and visible as they are ?	Could the Weinsteins , the famous banking family , handle someone with as much fame as them ?	1
The young lady and the nurse who was in charge of her left by the night train . " Julius sank back again into his chair .	The people that were watching her are still here .	2
It 's nearer .	It 's closeby .	0
pretty good how many children did you say you had	I 'm terrible and I don 't care how many children you have .	2
those are real popular in fact i got some of those for my wedding so	A lot of people like them .	1
Usually tapas include seafood , meatballs , salad vegetables , fried fish , and olives .	Seafood is a common ingredient in most Spanish food .	1
The city now buzzes with energy and confidence as MPs and policy makers gather to make plans for the future of the Scottish people .	The Ministers of Parliament have a lot of hopeful plans for the citizens of Scotland .	0
It is one of the most exclusive , too , though somewhat democratized these days by the groups of boules players on its graveled side paths .	It is open to everyone apart from the boules players who terrorize its side paths .	2
However , we have significant concerns with S. 556 as drafted .	We are worried about S. 556 .	0
This eventually weakened the structure and it collapsed .	This had no impact and it withstood collapse .	2
We might aid it with high-frequency radiation , but I distrust the effects on the prepsyche .	I have the capacity to help but I 'm worried about the consequences .	0
it 's like a little house except the whole face is open and the one time that we went we got one it was overlooking the water but it was a big embankment i wanted to get one right on the water that was then when we had uh an electrical storm too and it was really it was neat sitting there watching it i mean it was raining when we called in home everybody said oh we were worried about you in that storm	It 's similar to a small house , aside from the entire face being open .	0
The metro ( subway ) is the fastest way to move around the city , but the buses , both in the capital and the other big towns , are best for taking in the sights .	The metro and bus each has its own merits .	0
Faster service at a lower price means satisfied customers !	Customers will be satisfied with a faster service and a lower price .	0
Finally , all entity determinations of the applicability of stewardship standards should be thoroughly documented .	No documentation is necessary for any entity determination .	2
Mandamadhos village in the far north still carries on a traditional pottery industry on a small scale .	The pottery industry is an important part of Mandamados 's economy .	1
In this respect , it 's striking that in the press release announcing the latest turmoil , Dunlap said , I want to stress that getting the right cost structure is only the first step in the process of building a powerful global business .	He wants to stress that getting the right cost structure is not the first step , in fact it isn 't a step .	2
fire protection .	Fire protection is key .	1
In the heart of the old Jewish quarter , it is very is peaceful and close to the El Greco museum and synagogues .	The hotel is aimed at a Jewish audience .	1
The Galleria at Sunset is the most recent of the suburban shopping malls .	The Galleria is a suburban shopping mall .	0
it 's got four thousand ninety six color graphics it 's got real-time animation capability there 's a world of games for it if you 're into that but it can do word processing you can import pictures into your documents and uh it just does everything a PC can do but it does it better	This computer can do a lot of different things , and has good visual capabilities .	0
well i i i think we 're going to see that i think uh that the quality that the Japan carmakers had is slipping a little bit while American carmakers are trying to get their butt together so	Japanese car manufacturers are slipping after the recession .	1
Time calls Bill Bradley 's nascent presidential campaign strategy charming and insane .	Time magazine considers Bill 's campaign to be unremarkable .	2
yes well my my mother has one it 's uh it 's uh teacup and uh it 's made such a difference for her but you know just i i i you know the way my mom 's presence countenance it it 's just just for having a puppy but you know having this dog she 's had it for i guess three years now	My mom has one of those dogs and it is so well-behaved !	1
Consequently , a booster intervention might be helpful .	An intervention is always a benefit .	1
Observers debated whether the Golden Globes were the Oscars ' 1 ) more genuine and enjoyable counterpart	Observers said the Golden Gloves were less enjoyable than the Oscars .	2
Holyhead ?	Halo head ?	0
Mrs. Inglethorp had made no provisions of any kind for her , but I imagined that John and Mary would probably insist on her making her home with them ” at any rate until the end of the war .	Mrs. Inglethorp made all kinds of provisions for her .	2
The responsibilities reflect the core values of IRS that are shared by all executives and managers for achieving performance excellence .	Executives and managers don 't share core values with the IRS .	2
Under the President 's proposal , 22 existing agencies and programs and 170,000 people would be integrated into the new department in order to strengthen the country 's defense against terrorism .	24 agencies would be folded into the new department under the President 's plan .	2
Her volubility , which I remembered of old , had lost nothing in the intervening years , and she poured out a steady flood of conversation , mainly on the subject of the forthcoming bazaar which she was organizing and which was to take place shortly .	She had nothing to say about the bazaar .	2
See you , one should not ask for outside proof ” no , reason should be enough .	I encourage all inquiries , proof should always be asked for and provided .	2
Others are part of larger organizations that focus on specific populations or legal problems .	Others are in larger organizations that focus on legal problems	0
Anse listen !	Listen Anse !	0
yeah well that 's great	That trailer you 're pulling is great .	1
According to the Commission , the purpose of the above actions is to make the mass market for two-way switched voice mobile services more competitive while that market is in a transitional state as well as to encourage new entrants into the market by allowing them to resell their competitors ' services while they build out their networks .	The commission is working to make the two-way switched voice mobile service more competitive .	0
Sicily 's most attractive resort town , already very popular in antiquity as a vacation spot for the Greek bourgeoisie from Syracuse , commands a splendid ridgetop view of the Mediterranean from its hillside villas and hotels .	One of the main attractions that make it the best resort town is the views from the hillside villas and hotels .	0
Believe me , Miss Howard , said Poirot very earnestly , " if Mr. Inglethorp is the man , he shall not escape me .	Poirot didn 't care and said nothing .	2
I--I heal quickly . It was no more than the truth .	It doesn 't take me a week to heal .	1
So the money thing 's tough .	It 's reaching a breaking point if we don 't fix this soon .	1
at currently i think they are a little restrictive uh particularly for uh certain ethnic groups or from certain countries um i think we should permit uh more immigration from eastern Europe for example uh particularly the uh the Jewish uh uh people from Russia i think we could permit more of them in than we have uh permitted in the last uh several years and i think we have uh uh too much restriction on the uh on the Orientals also but of course that 's just my opinion	We should be more restrictive with our immigration laws .	2
The crusaders swept through the l ; and of Byzantium slaughtering Christians as well as Muslims , civilians as well as soldiers .	In Byzantium crusaders slaughtered Christians and French .	2
A ten-minute walk east on Belford Road brings you to two important art galleries .	The art galleries near Belford Road are small and unknown .	2
Perhaps they had .	Perhaps they hadn 't .	2
Like all modern dinosaurs , raptors are inexplicably attracted to the scent of BBQ sauce .	Raptors love the smell of condiments .	0
Author of over 250 books and a prolific artist and art collector , he is perhaps best remembered as a social theorist ; in this century many prominent figures , including Mahatma Gandhi , have been inspired by his writings .	He was not a writer or an artist .	2
The gun was made famous by Noel Coward 's satirical song , Mad Dogs and Englishmen .	Noel Coward was a famous country singer and musician .	1
A Fun Fact You Wouldn 't Know Unless You Watched the Sunday Two babies are twins .	You saw the twins being born on Sunday .	2
They are now part of history .	They are new and unknown .	2
Slate 's choice for this groundbreaking piece ?	Most people trust Slate to make the right decision on this .	1
Sales comparisons were replaced with alcohol , and market reports - with snacks .	Reports remained the most important thing .	2
Meanwhile an Ottoman force had been dispatched from Istanbul to counter the French .	An Ottoman force was sent from Istanbul and included 30,000 soldiers .	1
And we 're trying to inculcate a wider acceptance of plans at law schools .	We want a narrower range of accepting law schools .	2
That generates many concerns .	There aren 't many concerns at all .	2
right well see that 's one	That is the only one .	1
Because baseball is an entertainment industry , media conglomerates have purchased teams , potentially complicating future TV-rights negotiations .	Basketball is an entertainment industry , so media conglomerates have been purchasing teams .	2
Mr. Bookstaver was himself caught up in the middle of that big story , walking along West Street on the way to his office .	Mr. Bookstaver was walking to his office .	0
getting mothers back in the home	Getting mothers out of the workforce and home with their children .	1
It is possible that the business context for federal CIOs is sufficiently different from that of CIOs in leading organizations that lessons learned may not be applicable .	It is possible that the business context for federal CIOs is in decline from monkeys stealing their jobs .	1
Mr. Brown ?	Mr. Brown , you 're looking pale ?	1
than typing and everything so oh yeah it 's it 's uh around the corner	It 's better than typing and it 's around the corner .	1
Walk through the gateway and you 'll find yourself in an immense open space the largest temple courtyard in the country .	The largest courtyard in the country is through the gateway .	1
He roused suddenly , his hand flashing under his head before he returned to full consciousness , fingers tightening on the Colt he had placed there .	He stayed sound asleep .	2
I want to challenge them to see what they can provide .	If I challenge them on this , they might look unkindly upon my claim .	1
Since there was neither a proposed rule nor the receipt of public comments , HCFA has properly invoked the exception found at 5 U.S.C.	There are many times when both a proposed rule and public comment will make things go faster .	1
I checked my watch again .	I checked the time on my cellphone .	2
These first inhabitants were Neolithic cave dwellers who came from Asia Minor .	The first inhabitants were college students on spring break .	2
The CIO Council was established in 1996 .	In 1996 the CIO Council was established .	0
Further , we met with a panel of CIOs from five small federal agencies to determine whether the practices identified are also applicable across diverse organizational sizes ( based on dimensions such as budget , personnel , etc . ) .	We measured organizations ' sizes using their budgets and number of employees .	1
However , if more than one system is installed at a site , some significant efficiencies result .	Powerful inefficiencies occur when more than one system is installed .	0
Table provided by Teresa Norberg-King , Duluth , Minnesota .	Teresa Norberg-King , from Duluth Minnesota provided the table .	1
Convenience Sample Instances selected where the only basis is feasibility or ease of data collection .	When instances are chosen on the basis of how easy it is to retrieve the data being collected , this is usually considered a convenience sample .	0
Progress was made on a number of issues important to the legal services community , but despite signs of chronic weakness in two programs , the 4-program LSC structure was left intact .	Progress was made on issues the legal community cared about .	0
But Foster 's expertise is historical , and he warns us that he will write as a historian .	Foster is a historian .	0
Then the Postal Service could make wide-ranging adjustments of the rates in the subclass , including contract rates for some of the subclass users , as long as the average rate for the subclass does not go below the inverse cap .	Postal Service subclasses include bulk and international mail service .	1
GAO and agency IGs are all part of the accountability community ; therefore , the relationships between GAO and agency IGs are considered additional to and separate from these protocols .	The accountability community holds a conference in Florida every year .	1
They feel this gives them license to create conservative counterinstitutions , from magazines to think tanks .	They feel as though this gives them allowance to create conservative counter-institutions .	0
15 Consequently , the number of new accesses	The number of new accesses has decreased .	1
Officials in Boulder , Colo . , have hired two ex-stars from the O.J. trial .	The stars were part of the chief testimony of the prosecution .	1
there really wasn 't a a dominant team this year	Lots of teams took center stage last year .	1
yeah you know cut worms will do the same thing to your tomato vines too boy they 'll strip	Cut worms will do the same thing to your vines .	0
Well , maybe the sigh , but not the fact of history , as Walcott knows quite well .	Walcott is a recognized expert on all sorts of history .	1
The graceful open ? ­ work spire was added in the 15th century by Johannes H ? ? ltz of Cologne .	The spire was completed over the course of two years .	1
yeah that 's it i had fun watching the Super Bowl last year because the the Giants ' coach looks like my sister 's boyfriend	I enjoyed watching the Super Bowl last year .	0
i didn 't i hate having to be in charge of someone else 's life	I had to be in charge of someone 's life .	0
Just beyond the turning for Dockray is Gowbarrow Park , which rolls across the hillside above Ullswater .	Dockray rolls across the hillside above Gowbarrow Park .	2
that 's about as tough as nope that 's just keep us off a rock and we 'll just let the let the stream take us down river and all that	Having those paddles keeps us off the rocks so the current can take us down river .	1
His lucky use of it had gained him admission .	He was lucky to have seen how to use it on TV one time .	1
no he uh works uh for a different company yeah in the Dallas area but when he went away to college and he was on an allowance from the time he was in the seventh grade and uh a small allowance and all the way through college and he held three jobs while he was in college and we didn 't even know it he didn 't even tell us uh that he had three jobs but when he graduated he had a five thousand dollar bank account	He works in Spokane .	2
any clean and dry plastic bag so i keep and the thing is i hardly have room now for all the things that we 're saving it to recycle so right outside the back door i 've got the two burlap bags hung up for the cans and bottles	It 's important to keep the cans and bottles clean and dry .	1
Sadly , many homes were destroyed by the brush fires and mudslides of 1993 1994 , but there are several beach access points where you can still admire the rolling surf and idyllic beach life that have done so much to make Malibu famous .	The damage of the fires was far worse than the damage of the mudslides .	1
Under such arrangements , executives from different companies who know each other will sit on each other 's boards .	The executives don 't know anyone else .	2
yeah i mean don 't get me wrong for something something that was major i i wouldn 't have any problems with them it 's the daily uh go in with the with the flu or something like that and and the the treatment is terrible i mean first you wait for hours and hours and hours and then the guy says you have a temperature well i knew that we 're going to give you Sudafed you know i 've been taking Sudafed for two weeks it doesn 't do any good that 's all i can do that 's all i can do	The flu treatment is not a positive thing .	0
Foster might have attended to the poems and shown how willfully they use place-names ( and in the later verse , Yeats ' famous friends ' names ) to erect the mansion of Irish literature .	Foster worked very hard on poems .	1
Move from the rich , scented air surrounding the many Chinese temples to such modern buildings as the 65-story Komtar or Tun Abdul Razak Complex a government , shopping , and entertainment center .	There are no temples in that area , all of them were destroyed in the 12th century .	2
An original goal of the study was to encourage post-discharge alcohol treatment , but only 5 % to 10 % of study patients went to at least one treatment or Alcoholics Anonymous session .	People tend not to listen to doctor 's advice , especially at the ER .	1
yeah my husband my husband teaches in Plano	no my husband does not teach piano	2
dollars , decline would be steeper due to real postage price increases Decline from $ 74 .	There would be an increase because real postage prices have fallen .	2
Some hombres are always on th ' peck once they get likkered up , but them troopers weren 't that deep .	Them troopers weren 't that deep--some hombres are always on th ' peck once they get likkered up .	0
The secret is to pace yourself .	Pacing yourself will waste time and limit you to the things you can see .	2
During this period , East Coast Syndicate member Benjamin Bugsy Siegel earned a foothold as a local casino operator .	Benjamin Siegel earned a foothold as a casino operator and director during this time .	1
The Franciscan Church of the Condemnation and the Chapel of the Flagellation ( a medieval building that contains a Biblical museum ) mark the sites of these events .	The Chapel is the sole site of the events .	2
Accountants and regulators who have historically driven changes to the financial reporting model do not have the same set of needs as users of financial statements .	Changes have been driven by accountants and regulators in the past .	0
The answer is probably yes .	The answer is certainly no .	2
Without a systematic measurement of the extent of the problem , agency management cannot determine ( 1 ) if the problem is significant enough to require corrective action , ( 2 ) how much to costeffectively invest in internal control systems to correct the problem , or	An analysis of the program is required for the agency to figure out if corrective action is warranted in the circumstances .	0
oh i got ahead of you there i got three and one on the way	I have three children and I 'm pregnant with my fourth .	0
no i 've haven 't gone camping in years but it 's something that i 've done in the past how about you	I went camping just the other day , and it was the first time I 'd ever done it before .	2
what in the world drugs are you know but	Drugs are bad , you know .	1
Between 1789 and 1815 the chapel served variously as a flour warehouse , a clubhouse for high-ranking dandies , and finally as an archive for Bonaparte 's Consulate .	The chapel was only used for worship .	2
and then went from a duplex to a little old two bedroom frame house	The new house was bigger than the last .	1
Would you ? "	The person is being asked if he could .	2
Despite its rather dull appearance and the crowds of people , this three-story wicker-superstore is an excellent place for shopping and refreshments and just about the only highlight in town .	The superstore has very little customers .	2
The British were more successful on a second attempt in 1816 , forcing Nepal to give up Sikkim , Darjeeling , and some territory to the far west .	The British were never successful in their goal to gain territory from Nepal .	2
5 pounds of oxides of nitrogen .	5 ounces of oxides of nitrogen .	2
I suppose so too !	That could be true .	1
uh my dad flew down there for about a year he was down there about once a month one week per month	no my papa never flies he doesn 't like airplanes	2
and uh his his big thing is that he can take pieces of little bits and pieces of string and baling wire and turn them into fantastic different things he took a car battery and some wire and two washers one time and made a welder	He is well known for making these amazing things .	1
Two examples of palatial townhouses funded by pastel ( blue dye ) are the Hotel d 'Assezat ( Place d 'Assezat ) , now home to an art gallery that includes 30 works by Bonnard , and the Hotel de Bernuy ( 1 Rue Gambetta ) .	The art gallery has only ten works by Bonnard .	2
In , William Saletan explains how the tax cut became a tax scheme .	William Saletan talks about how the snow turns into water .	2
The division has come almost to the point of regarding the South as Italy 's own Third World , as it offers a supply of cheap migrant labor .	Everyone in Italy is rich .	2
did they have some pretty good campsites up there	They have good campsites in North Dakota .	1
There is no doubt that Stalin was a brute .	Stalin was surely a brute .	0
I think in nonprofits in general there 's a lack of [ marketing ] .	Nonprofits have recently started to correct this issue .	1
Outdoor activities run the horseback riding , ocean kayaking , excellent mountain biking , clay shooting , hiking .	Venturing outside is not recommended here , please stay indoors .	2
yeah yeah my fingers always get get it real bad i hate that i mean i bundle them up and everything and and i still get it	My fingers don 't get it because I bundle them up	2
Slate ' s political correspondent , David Plotz .	David Plotz , Slate political correspondent .	0
well a lot of pressure on them though i think uh i don 't think they had the same type of enthusiasm enthusiasm or attitude probably too conservative or too	No worries for them as the response will bring the house down !	2
yeah but well well you know i mean i i 've i liked a lot of the new music i think um um when i saw some promise you know with with a lot of the new wave when it when it came out um back in the	I liked the new wave music because it wasn 't too loud .	1
And even with clean practices and technologies like steaming of meat ( which hasn 't been tested nearly as much ) , some food would still be contaminated .	Meat needs to be steamed at a temperature of 160 degrees .	1
Most famous of the high temples of this art is , of course , Milan 's La Scala ( see page 151 ) , showcasing the works of Verdi , Bellini , Rossini , Puccini , and others .	La Scala is one of the world 's foremost opera houses and frequently hosts performances featuring the works of Italy 's most famous composers like Puccini , Verdi and Rossini both in evening and matinee shows .	1
there 's um i 'm trying to think there 's a French restaurant real close but we 've never gone there because i 'm not	we go to the French restaurant at least once a month	2
i will admit the same thing i would come home and flip on MacNeil Lehrer and they would run these extended two three hour versions of the program and i i was just i was	MacNeil Lehrer only runs for 20 minute segments .	2
Anse came from the bathhouse and sat down in the opposite chair .	Anse sat down in a chair .	0
Comment on Participant Observation and A Comparison .	Make a negative comment on participant observation .	1
Many of the comments sought clarification of what we expected of the agencies and what they could expect from GAO .	GAO does not care about the agencies at all .	2
and and different circumstances call for different things	Different circumstances call for different things .	0
However , today 's fiscal good fortune will not survive over the long run .	We can expect the good times to continue far into the future fiscally .	2
According to Attorney General Janet Reno , the NSC staffers probably misconstrued the agents ' instructions to treat the matter delicately .	The NSC staffers weren 't trained in active listening at this point .	1
From the dead man 's pocket-book he had retrieved the illomened draft treaty , and then and there , in the presence of the other three , it had been reduced to ashes … .	After burning the draft treaty , they left in a hurry , leaving behind the dead man 's body .	1
A walk of a few blocks can take you into different worlds and centuries .	There 's no way that a short walk can take you to a different world .	2
yeah i used to take money out for gas and groceries and things like that and i don 't even do that anymore i mean i just don 't have that much cash on me	I am extremely wealthy .	2
I 'm no breaker , suh .	I 'm the best breaker , sir .	2
Such sights include the colorful tams ( knitted hats worn by Jamaican men to cover their mane of dreadlocks ) and the red ackee fruit that ripens at the beginning of the year .	Dreadlocks are always worn out in the open .	2
Julius wired to town for his own car , and they scoured the neighbourhood daily with unflagging zeal .	Julius went by foot and was soon exhausted of scouring the neighborhood .	2
The dimensions for a PJFF on a 500 MWe plant would be roughly 62 feet wide x 92 feet long x 90 feet high .	At a 500 MWe plant , a PJFF might be about 90 feet high .	0
This was done by a combination of four key elements .	The four key elements combined to complete this .	0
On smaller , more remote islands , ferries form the only transportation link with the outside world .	Ferries charge a small commission to transport passengers between islands .	1
This is the Pointe des Ceteaux , a wildly beautiful cliff formation with rocks shaped like castles , lashed and eroded by the Atlantic 's waves .	The rocks have been untouched from the Atlantic .	2
Dressed in a cotton cowl , Ca 'daan watered his horse and waited for the heat of the day to pass .	Ca 'daan was forced to give his horse water .	1
You need not think that any fear of publicity , or scandal between husband and wife will deter me . ' Then I thought I heard them coming out , so I went off quickly . "	I thought I heard them so I left quickly .	0
Turn the car first , George .	Don 't worry George , just keep going .	2
The most striking building in the Parade is the white stone edifice that houses the Rodney Memorial , constructed in gratitude after Admiral Rodney 's fleet saved Jamaica by defeating the French at the Battle of Les Saintes in 1782 .	The white stone edifice is made of marble , which is why people love it so much .	1
Psychics ( generally not psychic ) oblige .	Psychics are generally not actual psychics .	0
Although NIPA measurement has evolved , the nation 's human capital and knowledge-also forms of intangible capital-are not part of the NIPA definitions of investment and saving .	NIPA measurement has evolved but human capital is not part of investment and saving if it is in the workplace .	1
have you seen it	Did you see it ?	0
Revealed Clinton family troubles immediately after his pastoral visit .	The Clinton family has troubles but they tried to hide it .	1
The Cambridge SoundWorks 88 , half an inch taller but otherwise the same size as the Bose , takes a different approach .	The Cambridge SoundWorks 88 is just a bit taller than the Bose .	0
There was a knot of men surrounding the golden horse , and as his rider mounted , Oro put on a good show , rearing to paw the air with his forefeet as if he wished nothing better than to meet his gray rival in an impromptu boxing match .	The pony was made of solid gold , it looked valuable .	1
They had fought with mass armies of infantry rather than relying on the old cavalry elite .	They fought with armies numbering in the millions of infantry .	1
Right now , ADSL is ridiculously expensive--more than $ 1,000 for the modem alone .	ADSL prices should come down in the next 5 years .	1
Other towns known for embroidery are Manacor , Pollenca , and Art ? .	Manacor also does embroidery .	0
and her her her uh mother went over there just for that	And her mother attended the meeting just for that .	1
'Wait ! It 's me ! Ben Franklin ! I , uh surrender ? '	Ben Franklin was happy to say that .	1
and i like that you know so i don 't know i guess i just like a variety variety of things and every day i just tape Regis and Kathie Lee	Regis and Kathie Lee is my favorite show on tv .	1
Unfortunately for the GOP , the sophistication and delicacy of the ads is already being overwhelmed by the Democrats ' simplification of them .	The ads are overwhelmed by the Republican 's simplification of them .	2
Tours of the village of Accompong and the Native Arawak cave drawings nearby can be arranged through the Jamaica Tourist Board .	The cave drawings around here are an interesting sight to see .	1
your news is on at eleven	Your news is on at ten .	2
In recent years Santa Monica has put a great deal of money into making the Santa Monica Pier a fun-filled family destination with a carousel and other rides , arcade games , and inexpensive carnival food .	The Santa Monica Pier has a lot of fun things to do .	0
Two , the Patient on the Specialized Life Support System answered .	The patient is very unwell	1
Supreme Court will hear arguments about the constitutionality of the IOLTA program in the state of Washington .	The constitutionality of Washington 's IOLTA program won 't be argued before the Supreme Court .	2
parts 11 and 614 must be exhausted .	Only part 614 has to be exhaustsed .	2
This is sheer narcissism , the notion that making it means whitening .	Whitening is narcissistic .	1
uh oh Dean uh Kratz or Kranz or	That person 's name is Dave Krumbz .	2
Is there anyone I can write to for a reference ?	I need a reference for a job .	1
yeah you have an inside track or something	You don 't have an inside track , you 're just feeling behind everyone else .	2
In that respect , the SEC should reexamine the amount and targeting of its civil sanctions , its use of criminal statutes , and working effectively with the Department of Justice to put violators behind bars when appropriate .	The SEC should think about its civil sanctions .	0
This was the site of the Bateau-Lavoir studio , an unprepossessing glass-roofed loft reconstructed since a 1970 fire .	The studio was rebuilt slowly after a fire destroyed 90 % of it .	1
Nor did they like his astounding knack for amassing a vast personal fortune while managing , very efficiently , the affairs of state .	Many disliked the fact that the man was allowed to pile up his riches .	0
Anthem considered the potential effect of its payouts on public-aid benefits before making its distribution , said spokeswoman Lauren Green-Caldwell .	Green-Caldwell added that she personally believed the distribution was generous and fair .	1
An official government request for bids / proposals	The public requested some bids / proposals .	1
i i can 't identify them either i just like them i couldn 't i know which ones come next but i don 't even know their names most of them i don 't know their names of the song but i i can identify them but i like that and i like um course i i like classical music and uh	Identifying the songs were difficult , but I like that .	1
huh oh those a real dog and cat huh	A real dog and cat .	0
'Go on . Shoo . ' 	It 's too dangerous , leave .	1
At the end of FY 1998 , there were 27,952 post offices .	There were less than 90 post offices present by the end of the 1998 fiscal year .	2
Such would be the case if the postal service requires two sortations to get the mail to the 5-digit level while the computer goes there directly .	Computers have no use in the running of the postal service .	2
Don 't be complacent even in delicate northern noses have been seen to peel under the November or March sun .	Don 't worry , no one ever wears sunscreen and no one gets a sunburn .	2
The second half of Where Wizards Stay Up Late describes the aftermath of the ARPANET project .	The aftermath of the ARPANET project is described in the second half of Where Wizards Stay Up Late .	0
4 In our view , the information that GAO seeks is not protected by Executive Privilege .	The information that GAO seeks is protected under the Executive Privilege .	2
did you ever try that	Did you ever try swimming ?	1
Or even longer !	It was even longer than the last time .	1
yeah i kind of feel that way too	I think so , too .	1
The training , which is planned to take place in 1-week increments throughout the year , is expected to entail a broad range of security-related topics , including general information security , encryption , access control , and how to build a better working relationship with the corporation 's technical information systems group .	The training takes place every week and lasts about 20 hours .	1
my walkman broke so i 'm upset now i just have to turn the stereo up real loud	I 'm upset that my walkman broke and now I have to turn the stereo up really loud .	0
Velazquez , Murillo , and Rubens are also represented among the hundreds of works on display .	Velazquez , Murillo , and Rubens never created any artwork .	2
Fatigue dulled his thoughts .	His thoughts are rarely dulled .	1
After hitting the art world 's Big Three , visitors can repair to Retiro Park , where kings once found respite from the demands of hectic city life .	The Big Three are all paintings .	1
Spain called it treason .	Portugal called it an opportunity .	2
It will likely emerge in the 21st century as a regional leader in more than just economic terms .	It will never be a regional leader .	2
Menorca is the second largest of the Balearic archipelago , but it 's tiny just the only 50 km ( 31 miles ) long and 17 km ( 10 miles ) across at its widest point .	At no point is Menorca more than 20 kilometers wide .	0
Adrin stooped and picked up his rapier .	Adrin picked up his sword .	0
The plot is by the numbers , and you can 't help but notice that Chan has more stunt doubles these days , but the movie has been photographed ( by veteran Adam Greenberg ) and staged ( by director Brett Ratner ) with unusual polish , and Chan has been paired with the black comedian Chris Tucker , who 's like Eddie Murphy on helium .	Christ Tucker is one of Chan 's stunt doubles .	2
But on this subject , the medical profession is asleep at the switch .	The medical career is not progressing in certain aspects	1
I saw the size of it ; the unfathomable scale that would make giants seem small and skyscrapers tiny .	It was small enough to fit in my hand .	2
Developing and adjusting organizationwide policies and guidance , thus reducing redundant policy-related activities across the organization 's units .	They believed that adding more redundant polices would add value .	2
Tradition says two saints made an appearance at the funeral .	According to tradition , five saints graced the funeral .	2
This factual record provided an important context for consideration of the legal question of the meaning of the presence requirement .	The record gave no context regarding the legal question .	2
( In the movie , Harrer knows she 's pregnant .	The movie is about a pregnancy gone wrong .	1
Recent research found that even households with similar lifetime earnings approach retirement with vastly different levels of wealth .	There appears to be no correlation between earnings and wealth .	1
We then contacted three agencies , discussed our study objectives and planned approach , and asked each if it had any programs in which actions to reduce improper payments were effective .	Three agencies were contacted about programs regarding improper payments .	0
He wanted to see the space-ship at closer quarters .	He wanted to get a closer look at the space-ship .	0
This way . ' 	Come this way .	0
The increase in citizenship applications has led to longer processing periods and , according to critics , to some immigrants being wrongly naturalized .	According to critics , some immigrants should not be naturalized .	0
Samples , a 2001 graduate of Lewis & amp ; Clark Law School , spent the summer traveling to dozens of labor camps throughout the Willamette Valley to talk with workers about their legal rights .	Samples spent the summer talking to people via the internet .	2
The interchange differs from the examples in the previous cases primarily in that ( a ) the payment is between two trust funds and ( b ) the payment may be made in either direction .	The payment must be large , or it won 't be considered .	1
Twelve o 'clock to-morrow .	Noon tomorrow .	0
yeah they 're getting even better i think	They will be perfect at it in no time .	1
Said 's evident love of the literature and music of the West continually collides with his righteous anger at what the West has done to the rest .	Said have very conflicted and mixed opinions of the West .	1
That night , I went to Derry 's apartment .	I went to see Derry at home .	0
Jamaicans say that Negril isn 't a place it 's a state of mind where almost anything goes .	The Jamaicans tend to be laid back about a lot of things .	1
i think a law should be passed to where any of these people i think it 's great that you know freedom of speech in this country and everything but if they 're going to offer these services or these recorded message everything they ought to be stuck working with the phone book like everybody else instead of using a computer to go through and just go down every sequence of numbers for this certain area code and call them	The law should be passed .	0
which it was drawn .	The page is blank .	2
In the display that follows , items included under the caption weapons systems are valued at the most recent acquisition cost of a comparable item .	Items included under the caption weapons systems are valued at the most recent acquisition cost .	0
The cover article recounts Vaclav Havel 's many troubles , but concludes that he is still the world 's poet of democracy .	The cover article admits that Vaclav is a good poet .	0
you know arrest record won 't let able won 't let them play anywhere else they seem to go to they seem to go to the Raiders but that just may be you know perceived	They tend to have more open minded recruiting .	1
he 'll come in mama i think the ghost is in the house mama i hear it	The ghost that he thinks is there was from a television show late at night .	1
we , like you , secretly covet recliners , purrs the card beside a 1952-style Metro Finer Recliner , priced at $ 990 .	There is an advertising card beside the Metro Finer Recliner .	0
yeah don 't ever start that 's just the thing	Don 't even start , that 's the thing	0
It was overcome by licensing access to the mail box .	Even the licensing process for mailboxes was unable to overcome it .	2
i do uh i know where my father works he he works for a government contractor also and uh uh i believe any time you have a D O uh Department of Defense contract you have to have the drug testing and uh you know like uh uh athletes are starting to uh to test them for drugs so i i beli eve that it should be you know uh widespread and uh	My dad works for a government contractor .	0
Though there is no documented proof , most Cretans believe that Knosses was the site of the famed battle between Theseus and the Minotaur in the Labryinth below King Minos ' palace .	In Crete , Knosses is widely believed to be the place Theseus fought the Minotaur in the Labyrinth .	0
A commemorative plaque ( near the Baroque fountain ) embedded in the piazza marks the spot where Savonarola was executed .	Savonarola was executed for treason in the 1500s .	1
tacked on to your taxable income yeah and of course it goes higher and higher the more money you make	as you might expect , it increases as your income increases	0
The house is famed for its gardens particularly its rhododendrons , which were highly prized at the end of the 19th century and its beautiful setting ; from here you can marvel at panoramic views of the lake and Skiddaw Peak and Blenthcathra beyond .	The gardens are located in an English county .	1
I must have liberty to go about the business in my own way . The German laughed .	You can not keep me from going about my business .	1
The battle was over .	The end of the battle had arrived .	0
A mighty home run , yes , but still 64 feet short of the length claimed .	The claim about the length of the home run was made by a local paper .	1
Hell , even you could fight better than that , Ca 'daan .	Ca 'daan talked about how bad the fighter was .	0
The ambitious Museum of Macau ( open Tuesday Sunday 10am 6pm ; admission HK $ 15 ) opened in 1998 in the lower levels of the Monte Fortress .	Monte Fortress no longer stands .	2
The Weekly had first suggested that the note was a fabrication in September 1994 , a year before the press conference .	The note was written on cheap toilet paper .	1
Premills basically believe the Antichrist will be a charming rogue and great communicator who will dupe Israel into following his lead , and then will turn on the Jewish people to destroy them .	Premills is not a fan of Isreal .	1
They 've just found a new pet . "	They just found a new pet in the store .	1
He gave Edward what he felt like , in other words , not that much .	He felt like a million bucks , so that 's what he gave Edward .	2
Don Cazar , the mesteneoes they arrive .	The mesteneoes have arrive , Don Cazar .	0
have you ever read any Dean Koontz	Have you ever read any Dean Koontz ? I love all his books .	1
Mameluke power was taken by Ottoman Turks in 1517 , but little changed on a day-to-day basis as the Turks preferred to use local people to control their more remote dominions .	Although the Turks took Mameluke in the 16th century , they did not want to directly control it .	0
At the same time , they play with the fat red , silver , and black carp swimming around nearby .	The most common carp in the area is the blue carp .	1
They made Parameswara an offer he could not port facilities and an annual financial tribute in exchange for Chinese protection against the marauding Thais .	The Chinese offered to protect Parameswara from the Thais in exchange for a tribute .	0
Twittering in the shrubbery of its 21 sq km ( 8 sq miles ) are countless thousands of yellow-breasts , red-throats , and hummingbirds .	There is no wildlife present in the area of this shrubbery .	2
Give the guy a shot .	You should give the man a chance ,	0
Many of the inhabitants live by choice , not necessarily through economic hardship on the water , aboard houseboats or in houses on stilts in the main creek .	None of the inhabitants had a say in living on the water .	2
The Clintons ' is a marriage of convenience .	The Clintons are married for convenience , but they seem to care about each other too .	1
6 billion for carbon	There are six billion of something for carbon .	0
A village in miniature that is a delight to the eye , Hawkshead is comprised of whitewashed buildings huddled together around a tiny central square .	Hawkshead is a tiny , pretty village situated around a small square .	0
Splendidly ornate stone friezes realistically depict battle scenes of World War I , with each branch of the forces represented .	The friezes show a nature scene .	2
but they are in such disarray over there they 're not in any position to exalt exert themselves over anybody right now like they were	It is their fault that there is disorder .	1
yeah it is a time consumer	It takes up time because you have to go really slowly .	1
Was Jordan slipping ?	I wonder if Jordan was slipping or it was just my imagination since I 'm sleepy .	1
The federal workforce is the baby boomers , with their valuable skills and experience , are drawing near to retirement ; new employees joining the federal workforce today have different employment options and different career expectations than the generation that preceded them .	The baby boomers are getting too old to work now .	1
what 's the what 's America 's role there and it it uh with with other things going on it it it seems to have lessened but you 've still got uh Cuba that exception exerts some influence	I lack any interest in finding out America 's role because Cuba is totally irreleveant .	2
Starr was putting his own guys to sleep .	Starr 's men remained alert .	2
Jazz fans will find live jazz presented by international artists at the Jazz Club and Bar , 2 / F , 34-36 D 'Agular , Central ; and at the Blue Note in the Kowloon Shangri-La Hotel in Tsim Sha Tsui .	No one listens to jazz there , only pop music .	2
It is , too .	It 's also .	0
My assistant , Charity Christenson , pointed out that the shared facility will also be efficient for those needing legal services .	I am Charity 's superior .	0
Little Julius doesn 't , affirmed Mr. Hersheimmer .	Mr. Hersheimmer knew that Little Julius did , and he blew him in as quickly as he could .	2
And Edwin S. Matthews Jr. of Coudert Brothers in New York represented Don Paradis , who was released from prison after 14 years on death row in Idaho .	Edwin S Matthews Jr represented Don Paradis who was found innocent through DNA testing .	1
Little white flashes lit up the black edges of his vision .	Small flashes of white lit up the edge of his vision .	0
The best book in many years on Washington media , says the Weekly Standard ' s Andrew Ferguson .	The best book in years on Washington media according to everyone except Andrew Ferguson .	2
Services for people using these offices would be provided in a less expensive way , using contract stations in some cases .	A less expensive option will be offered for people leading services in these offices .	0
Back on the bus , Cindy McCain passes the quilt around for reporters to autograph with a magic marker , high-school yearbook style .	the reporters are autographing the quilt with purple crayon .	2
This week , he declared all-out war between Starr and the Clinton camp .	He said Starr was ramping up his fight against Clinton .	1
Nothing could have been more infuriating to them than the sight of Yasser Arafat , the embodiment of Palestinian nationalism , shaking hands with Yitzhak Rabin , Israel 's late prime minister .	Yitzhak Rabin was the prime minister of Israel .	0
Gauve was outside with Ca 'daan .	Ca 'daan was outside .	0
Displays include period pieces , memorabilia , replicas , maps , paintings , and sketches , though no personal effects or anything directly linked to the man himself .	The paintings and sketches almost always catch the most attention in the displays .	1
When Starr negotiated with her , he asked about it .	He refused to ask Starr about the negotiations .	2
The bar raised over a million dollars to fund the office .	The bar was able to raise over a million dollars to help fund the office .	0
I had some warm moments in that court ; I did not figure to myself that the man would be so pig-headed as to refuse to say anything at all .	I spoke a lot in court .	2
They 're scouting out new food fads , scarfing them down , and then rooting about for the next one .	They hate trying new foods , especially trendy ones .	2
why do you think TI has not used the Omega because uh-huh	TI has not used the Omega because it 's too expensive .	1
Whether eating , touring , or shopping , taking your time will always be rewarding .	No matter what you do , it 's useful to take your time .	0
Some Board members suggested that since some agencies currently maintain only outlay data , requiring that only outlay data be reported might be more practical .	Some board members say only reporting outlay data as provided by the CIO makes sense .	1
Hear what ?	Hear what ?	0
Drew commented on that , and Nye answered : " Old Man knows what 's he 's doin ' .	Old Man has a lot of experience and knows his stuff .	1
okay well i think we 're we 're we 've done okay though well thank you for calling	It was terrible , we failed completely .	2
Get here very early ( 5am is ideal ) to see the tuna auctions and enjoy the orchestrated pandemonium of the market at its finest .	Someone is asking another person to be there by 5pm .	2
The mean weights of test fish were from 0.05-0.08 .	The heaviest test fish was 0.10 .	1
He hit town ridin ' light .	He went to the town without much .	0
The program includes existing fossil fuel-fired electricity generating boilers and turbines and integrated gasification combined cycle plants with generators having a nameplate capacity of greater than 25 MW .	The program only includes generators that have a nameplate capacity less than 25MW .	2
and we got rid of those we now have Discover we have a Visa that does not have a yearly fee and then we have a card that our bank put out on a promotion this year that uh of the first year there is no yearly fee and of course we don 't plan on keeping it the second year	My credit hard has a high annual fee .	2
Notice the oil and wine jars in the shops , the bakers ' ovens and flour-grinding mills shaped like giant cotton-reels ( excavators found a donkey lying by one he 'd been turning when Vesuvius erupted ) .	The bakers made the most money of any profession in the city at that time .	1
Lawyers know how to make landlords heat apartments so the medical treatment can stick .	The lawyers wanted the landlords to turn the heat on for their tenants .	0
This is vital work .	This work is critical .	0
I believe you Lucja .	He believes Lucja .	0
Acknowledging that they had lost the KYC battle but won the regulatory war , the sponsoring agencies made this joint statement when they withdrew the KYC regulations at the House 's March Over the past 15 years banking organizations and law enforcement authorities have forged a vital partnership to fight financial crime .	The KYC regulations were withdrew , as the organization realized they had already won .	1
We had a good yarn about old times , and it ended in his inviting me down to Styles to spend my leave there .	We did not talk about the good old days .	2
That bears out my little idea entirely .	This confirms what I was thinking of .	0
Poirot had placed our two chairs in front of the open window which commanded a view of the village street .	Poirot put our chairs in front of the window so we could look out .	0
She had , however , little to tell .	She was not inclined to tell more than she knew absolutely for sure .	1
A little museum inside illustrates the history of the siege , with a model of the first Residency as well as rusty cannons and cannonballs , and prints , photos , and letters .	The history of the siege is detailed by a small museum inside .	0
Investors can decide not only that Microsoft owes its success to the abuse of monopoly power , and not only that the courts will strip the company of this ability , but that Microsoft doesn 't know any other way to survive .	Investors say Microsoft is successful because it lacks monopoly power .	2
an i and i feel bad for the policeman because he 's out there every day facing these people	Police have a hard job facing the same types of people every day .	1
These parents pressure school systems to be more rigorous and give more homework .	These parents want to make school easier for children .	2
yeah i was i was wondering if you guys eat a lot of fish um yeah	I was wondering if you guys eat vegan a lot .	2
but uh being a uh a rec vehicle owner well in fact i live in a motor home i 'm a full what they call a full timer and uh it burns gas like crazy i only get seven miles to the gallon i really resent this fact that they keep adding on gasoline taxes and they call it uh uh what 's the word they use anyway a luxury a luxury tax	Gasoline taxes have remained the same price .	2
The Fashion Outlet Mall at Primm , Nevada ( on the California state line ) is the latest entry into the outlet mall roser , and the best .	Primm , Nevada recently gained a new Fashion Outlet Mall .	0
The financing of the imputed cost is also imputed to the receiving entity .	The attributed cost of the finances is also attributed to the acceptance of entity .	0
There was the faintest pause , the mere hesitation of a moment , before she answered : " Yes , that is so . "	There was a long quiet pause before she could answer .	2
That 's what I learned in Anthropology 101 from a professor who had to be at least 110 , kept on the job by tenure and a network of Teflon tubing that functioned much like an actual large intestine .	I took a class called Anthropology 101 , taught by an elderly professor .	0
From all the things Tuppence didn 't say !	From all the things Tuppence gossiped about .	2
Finally , nothing in the 1996 legislation altered the effect of the presence requirement on H-2A 's or any other alien category .	The 1996 legislation completely reversed the presence requirement for H-2A 's .	2
to go see how it worked and mine looks real good	Mine looks terrible and broken .	2
What about Marlboros , handguns , and malt liquor ?	What about cigarettes , guns , and liquor ?	0
The villagers protested but under the voice of the elders and the rumors of the scout 's head , they helped move barrels of water and carts of food into the deep mines .	The people were taking food and water into the mines .	0
Did Loral harm national security ?	Loral is a threat to national security .	1
This leaves a whole island to explore on foot , or by 4-wheel-drive vehicle .	The island is inaccessible by any vehicles and can only be navigated by foot .	2
Our campaigns often end up doing the very opposite of what they intend , Bradley laments .	The campaigns often end up doing what they intend .	2
'Jasie .	Her name .	0
Second , we have concerns about what is not in S. 556 .	We aren 't concerned about what 's left out	2
For information on how to access GAO reports on the INTERNET , send an e-mail message with info in the body	You can find the GAO reports online .	0
When proper procedural safeguards are used , these elements alone do not diminish the value of case study methods .	When one uses proper procedural safeguards , the consequence is that they diminish the value of case study methods .	2
She was half-way across St. James 's Park , when a man 's voice behind her made her start .	She was running away when the man 's voice called out to her .	1
Originally incorporated in 1923 as the Legal Aid Society of Albany , it now serves income- eligible clients in eight counties throughout the Capital Region .	The Legal Aid Society helps poor people in the Capital Region .	0
A few of these grand 19th- and 20th-century residences survive tucked away among the skyscrapers , the jungle often invading the gardens .	Few of these residences still survive , but they are very cherished by the owners .	1
The words of the chant were meaningless .	It was meaningless due to it being in another language and most not being able to understand	1
and asked instead to consider What 's best	Was prompted to think about what is good overall .	0
But perhaps you are right .	You could be right .	0
As previously reported to Congress , though , a number of grantees did voluntarily submit corrections to their 1997 CSR data during 1998 .	Grantees can submit corrections to CSR data .	0
Far more progressive than the Archaics , the Anasazi utilized such formal agricultural techniques as irrigation to assist their harvest .	More progressive that the Archaics , the Anasazi used formal agricultural techniques to assist them in their harvests .	0
Further , amendments to the PRA in 1995 required that agencies indicate in strategic information resources management plans how they are applying information resources to improve the productivity , efficiency , and effectiveness of government programs , including improvements in the delivery of services to the public .	The PRA amendments were written in 1995 and amended twice since then .	1
Their only son , prince Don Juan , died here at the age of 19 , and his tomb lies in the monastery .	Prince Don Juan lived into his forties .	2
He 's against an apology , and for affirmative action .	He just wants a simple apology .	2
He said a package of 20 letters of support failed to reach some of the judges .	He said the 3 letters failed to reach some of the judges .	2
Piazza Matteotti is the hub of the new town 's lively cafe scene , along the Sentierone arcades .	There are over 30 cafes there .	1
You see , my friend , you have a nature so honest , and a countenance so transparent , that ” enfin , to conceal your feelings is impossible !	It is hard for you to hide what you really think .	0
The challenge for evaluators is how to use those aspects of an anecdote that are effective for our work-the immediacy , the convincingness , the attention-getting quality-and , at the same time , fulfill other informational requirements for our jobs , such as generalizability and reliability .	Evaluators are challenged with the tasks of using personal stories .	0
I repudiate that remark utterly .	I utterly reject that remark .	0
As before , many of those charming pups will , in two years , grow up into charmless dogs .	The puppies double in size in a couple of years .	1
I could have told him from the beginning that this obsession of his over the coffee was bound to end in a blind alley , but I restrained my tongue .	I held my tongue because I valued my friendship with him	1
well that that 's uh is an advantage of being in the education field i spent thirty four years in education	That is one benefit of working in the field of education .	0
As discussed in section 3 , increasing national saving boosts investment and economic growth .	Boosting the economy will make our country better	1
He thought there were many opportunities through other organizations that should be tapped .	He thought there was a lack of opportunities available .	2
But consulting is a self-effacing business , and self-effacement is one thing that Ralph Reed has shown no aptitude for .	Ralph Reed is a master at anything regarding consulting .	2
Michael will be filing from Silicon Valley two to three times a week .	Michael steers clear of Silicon Valley .	2
The one frequently mentioned disappointment of French trains is the relatively uninspired dining-car service .	French trains don 't have a very impressive dining-car service .	0
But Congress ' 1996 reform replacing presumptive refunding of grantees with competitive bidding for LSC service contracts19	Something major caused congress to reform replacing presumptive refunding .	1
The informal associations select members at random to return home for periods of service - working as a volunteer mayor , for example , or town clerk .	Volunteer mayor is an example of the period of service the select informal association members may come back to .	0
yeah after a while though it started getting a little repetitive it ran out of news	The news stories ran dry , so it got a bit boring and fired all of its staff after a few years .	1
An escalator takes you down to a reception area with the ticket office , underground bookshops , and cafe .	There is no reception area , only bookshops at that level .	2
If key recovery is adopted , terrorists are likely to eschew it in favor of unbreakable technology .	Terrorists don 't care at all about whether technology is unbreakable or not .	2
Hip-hop is the jazz of the 1990 Its mix of rage , authenticity , capitalism , and humor have caused nothing less than a realignment of America 's cultural aesthetics .	Hip-hop is the RnB of the 1990 's .	2
It does not come , however , from Siam , as Thailand was once known , but is of Malay origin , drawing on themes from the Hindu epic Ramayana .	It is from Siam .	2
The media exaggerate the risks and benefits of research findings , and it 's only in rare cases ( notably cigarette smoking ) that science discovers clear evidence that changing behavior can improve health .	Risks and benefits of research findings are exaggerated by the media .	0
This may account for a cool reserve , almost aloofness , that some read even into the architecture of the tall houses in the straight and narrow streets behind the port .	The houses are very inviting .	2
The amendments expand existing disclosure requirements to include quantitative and qualitative information about market risk inherent in market risk sensitive instruments and provide safe harbor protection to this information .	The amendments help to protect the sensitive information .	0
Within its tiny 2 square miles ( 5 sq km ) you will find over 100 restaurants , many of L.A. ' s best known nightclubs , unique interior design shops and art galleries , swank hotels , and the high-powered offices of the entertainment and music industries .	L.A. is a small town relative to other U.S. cities on the West Coast	2
7.16 Internal auditing is an important part of internal control .	Internal control includes everything except internal auditing .	2
It was completed in 1248 by the sainted King Louis IX to house precious relics , such as Christ 's crown of thorns .	It was completed to house sainted King Louis IX and his family .	2
uh but he you know	You know .	0
In addition , Congress specifically mandated that the Commission collect $ 126,400,000 in regulatory fees for FY96 to recover the costs of enforcement ,	Congress is being unreasonable with the fees .	1
and uh we let him fly around the house and the dog being a Golden Retriever he he pays close attention whenever that bird is flying around	We never have dogs nor birds in the house .	2
i just heard something about moving recently about moving um there there there 's some central command post in Tampa i think they now want to move to somewhere in the Middle East actually there was um a small country or small city i think well you know not actually in Saudi Arabia or or anything but a little bit off to the um east of it i think and i they want to keep something over there so that they don 't have to um i guess it 's i guess it 's so that so they don 't have to move troops out so quickly or something i 'm not quite sure exactly why they want to do it but they want to keep some sort of central command post there	I think that they want to move a command post out to the Middle East for faster response times .	0
A gilded Garuda , in his usual namaste pose , kneels on a pillar before the temple .	Garuda is the guardian of this temple .	1
so what are you getting your degree in	Your education seems interesting .	1
So look for warmer weather ahead .	Watch for the weather to get warmer .	0
Happened once before , without this mess-up of the signs .	It happened once , and we hoped it wouldn 't happen again .	1
Southeast of Saint-Jean-de-Luz is Ascain , with a village square surrounded by enchanting 17th-century houses and a typical wooden-galleried church .	The church , as was typical , has a wooden gallery .	0
He thought that he could visit , and for quite a long while , but somewhere totally different .	He thought he could stay home .	2
As discussed above , the Commission noted that the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 15 U.S.C.	The Commission discussed the Securities Exchange Act with the CEOs .	1
Most tourists , however , will be exposed to only a small range of Turkish dishes , unless they are invited into a Turkish home , or eat at one of the country 's better restaurants .	Visiting a Turkish home is the best way to experience Turkish food .	1
All the styles of Cuba 's delectable traditional music ee ? ahabaneras , son , boleros , guarachas , guajiras , and more can be heard in every town 's casa de la trova , usually a fine old building on or near the main square .	Cuba has delectable traditional music and it is very popular to tourists as well .	1
Jon 's off-hand came in , tip aimed for Adrin 's exposed throat .	Jon aimed the tip of his weapon at Adrin 's throat .	0
Finally , the analysis estimates aversion of 203 to 835 cancer deaths and 125 to 845 deaths related to cardiovascular disease annually , with a best estimate of 932 lives saved annually .	The analysis says none of the people died from cancer .	2
oh well that 's good because i know they 've been really expensive lately because they weren 't in season of course they had to be be uh grown in greenhouses and stuff and in	They are in season but they are really expensive .	2
I would prefer to be my mother 's daughter than my mother 's mother , but my resentment is building every day .	She prefers not to take care of her mother .	0
Meanwhile , the phone calls persist from solicitors hoping to refinance the Ledfords ' home again .	The solicitors stopped calling the Ledford 's .	2
we had yeah and we had we had had a litter and she had uh had thirteen puppies	We had so many puppies that we needed to give them away .	1
Other topics this What makes a sex symbol sexy , commentary on Neil Jordan 's The Butcher Boy , Werner Herzog 's Little Dieter Needs to Fly , and the ( apparently ) implicit homoeroticism in Grease .	The topic " What makes a sex symbol sexy " cannot be found in this collection .	2
There , wasn 't that easy ?	I can tell that was effortless .	1
It gave her a dreadful sense of kinship to the woman fronting her .	The woman fronting her may be her mother .	1
The Three Shires Stone at the roadside marks the meeting place of the historic shires of Lancashire , Cumberland , and Westmoreland .	They are fond of assigning symbolic stones to historic shires .	1
Ozone modeling is only done for the East because there is very little confidence in the application of this model to the West .	The West 's distrust likely has to do with its general skepticism concerning the topic at hand .	1
The title refers to the Taoist Ge Hong , who wrote that animals are superior to human beings .	The Taoist thought that human beings were not superior to animals .	0
yeah that 's a good yeah i my husband 's a TIer in the house unit here	That 's good , my husband 's a TIer in the house unit .	0
55 Under federal regulations , a general medical consent form is not sufficient .	A general medical consent form isn 't enough	0
What she has done is try to seem casual and arrange her hand so it covers her nose .	Trying to look casual , as usual , she covered her nose up .	1
We selected the state governments based on ( 1 ) the 1995 The State of the States report issued by Financial World magazine and ( 2 ) discussions with members of our advisory group and the CFO Council .	Members of the advisory group offered relevant advice .	1
because by the vanilla doesn 't seem to thicken as well as the sometimes the cocoa is like my husband really likes it thick he says i can stick the spoon right in this	I prefer my cocoa with vanilla in it .	1
Thus any inbound mail piece would pay the First-Class rate , or the Priority Mail rate for items weighing more than 13 ounces .	Items that weighed over 13 ounces would be charged at First-Class rates .	2
His voice rose into a command that rang out over the cries of the others .	His voice boomed into a order that screamed on top of the other cries .	0
Better shops are air-conditioned .	Wealthier customers prefer the cool air .	1
this one it wasn 't heavy hi-sci you know hi-fi because it was a lot of it was actual stuff that takes place and they had of course the breathing apparatus which was liquid and and then all a sudden you know when you actually met this thing and and that that was you know towards like the last third of the movie only really got strange but it was uh	The movie was super heavy sci-fi the whole time .	2
NORTHEAST	Direction in between north and east .	0
User awareness is essential to successfully implementing information security policies and ensuring that related controls are working properly .	User awareness is essential to successfully implementing information security policies and ensuring that related controls are working properly .	0
Jon looked at Ca 'daan standing in front of him .	Jon could see Ca 'daan in front of him .	0
uh oh i 've uh-huh i guess you 've seen some pretty weather up there too	I bet your weather up there is pretty nasty all the time .	2
She was the conduit of the seven swords .	She was involved with the seven swords	0
Its per capita income is one of the highest in Southeast Asia , bettered only by that of neighboring Singapore .	Singapore has the highest per capita income in Southeast Asia .	0
Its high rate of return combined with its increasing share of total investment meant that information technology has been a major contributor to the rapid economic growth since 1995 .	The economy has flourished in the past 40 years largely thanks to domestic computer production .	2
For each household in Diary Survey from 1986 to 1994 , BLS computes a sampling weight giving the representativeness of that household in the population of US households during the year it is sampled	The Diary Survey uses advanced analysis techniques .	1
uh because i know that uh in using drugs i was not a good employee	I was a bad employee because I used drugs .	0
These revisions established importation criteria for certain animal and plant products based on the level of disease risk in specified geographical locations .	The revisions only deal with the export of animals .	2
That wasn 't downstairs ? "	That wasn 't downstairs , was it ?	1
Well , I said wearily , " I suppose some one must have stepped on it . " 36 " Exactly , " said Poirot , in an odd voice .	Poirot didn 't think it was an accident that someone stepped on it .	1
One can surmise that a competitive postal service would do a better job of presenting technologically feasible , low-cost product options to mailers and either rejecting non-conforming pieces or levying surcharges .	Someone can assume that the postal service would do a poor job of finding ways to mail things effectively. f	2
Multidimensional Electronic Rulemaking	Rules are made with a single dimension .	2
Keys to tech nearby research institutions , an educated talent pool , free-flowing venture capital , and that Valley-style , go-for-broke , entrepreneurial spirit .	Far away research institutions , an uneducated population , and a lack of venture capital were key .	2
The suppliers provided EPA their current capacity and the capacity that will be on line in the year 2002 .	The suppliers did not give any capacity to the EPA .	2
oh the drug problem um-hum	There is a drug problem .	0
Materials and Components Newsletter	Materials and Components Newsletter	0
She evidently went in deadly terror of her mistress .	The mistress causes frightening terror because of the secrets she has learned .	1
His voice cold and guttural .	His voice was scary .	0
This square is dominated by Bhaktapur 's most famous monument , the Nyatapola Temple , which was consecrated in 1702 and is both the valley 's tallest temple and one of only three five-tiered pagodas in the valley .	The tallest temple in the valley is the Nyatapola Temple .	0
Table 4-2 summarizes estimated injection rates for a 500 MWe boiler under various scenarios .	Table 4-2 is blank .	2
The plan , called Operation Horseshoe , was devised by a high-ranking general and carried out by teams of paramilitaries , special police , and nationalistic locals .	Nationalistic locals participated in Operation Horseshoe .	0
This will aid in understanding mailer responses and in evaluating the benefits of offering the discounts .	The mailer responses can be better understood .	0
During the war years he had more or less withdrawn within the borders of the Range , offering refuge to settlers and miners fleeing Indian attacks .	During the war he offered refuge to settlers and miners escaping Indian attacks .	0
They performed a very vital function for me .	The purpose they served was very important for me .	0
The preamble to the final rule evaluated and responded to comments .	The preamble for the final rule was 2 pages .	1
In the 18th and 19th centuries the Europeans arrived one legacy of which is the English and French spoken by a good number of native Egyptians and the khedives of Egypt stole their ideas on administration and organization to help them run the country .	European involvement in Egypt improved the country for the better .	1
LSC continues to implement its five ( 5 ) year Strategic Direction Plan ( the Plan ) .	LSC is currently implementing the five-year long Strategic Direction Plan .	0
One thing the Indians enjoyed about the British was their enthusiasm for sports hockey and cricket in particular .	The Indians were inspired from the other enthusiasm .	1
Then all are accounted for .	There were several missing .	2
But if you stick to calle Mayor heading west , you 'll first come to Mercado de San Miguel , a food and produce market established in 1915 .	Mercado de San Miguel is West of calle Mayor .	1
NSAs , or negotiated service agreements , have been a hot topic in the legislative equation .	NSAs are a hot topic in legislation , as they benefit businesses but not consumers .	1
Some questions are more complex , however , such as the Are security procedures in U.S. airports sufficient to protect the safety of passengers and equipment ?	Passenger safety is the biggest priority for everyone in U.S. airports today .	1
Former Food and Drug Administration Commissioner David Kessler describes how an ex-R.J.	David Kessler is a Former Food and Drug Administration Commissioner .	0
Employees ' capabilities also play an important role in achieving performance improvements , and training is a key factor enabling employee involvement .	Employees capabilities have nothing to do with their achievement of performance improvements .	2
The Merchant followed along the line of his thoughts .	The Merchant didn 't want to explain anything .	2
White was altogether too calm .	White was not flustered .	0
Which just goes to show you how much power that has , let me tell you .	There is not a lot of power involved in that .	2
Emergency room visits for asthma Asthma attacks Mortality Increased airway responsiveness to stimuli Inflammation in the lung Chronic respiratory damage / Premature aging	Asthma does not incorporate any swelling or inflammation	2
White children 's classic from becoming intolerable .	White children 's classic from becoming irritated .	1
The Dolma-bahce Palace ( Dolmabahce Saraye ; Dolmabahce Cadessi , tel . 212 / 258-5544 ) , finished in 1853 , was intended as a bold statement of the sultan 's faith in the future of his empire , but instead it turned out to be a monument to folly and extravagance .	The palace is viewed by many as a large waste of money , even when it was built .	1
yeah yeah i do think that that uh i do think the jury system works but i 'd i also feel as you said that the original concept of the jury as it was originally setup uh back uh in a hundred years ago was fine but that it needs to be more refined for today 's standard of living and the the uh level of education of them of so many people now	I am confident that the jury system works but it needs some changes .	0
Edinburgh Crystal has an excellent retail store on site and a factory shop where second-quality goods are sold .	There is a wonderful place to find crystal that is all under $ 100 .	1
Another vast , unforgettable Velazquez canvas here is Surrender of Breda , commemorating a Spanish victory over Dutch forces in 1625 .	The Dutch won the war against the Spanish in 1633 .	2
In front of the entrance to the school , he planned a gigantic reconstruction of a battle field from level 3c of the cult game ' Warriors of Battlefield 17 ' ( map 4azurroknight.Pk3 ) .	He spends most of his time playing ' Warriors of Battlefield 17 ' with his friends	1
well it was nice today	Today was nice .	0
( This precept sponsored by Coca-Cola .	This precept has been sponsored by Coke for the past three years .	1
It is said to have been built at the site where Joseph , Mary , and the infant Jesus took shelter after they fled to Egypt from the Holy Land .	It is said to have been built where an infant Jesus took shelter .	0
it 's that 's the way they just brought up well uh where 're you from by the way	I don 't have any questions to ask you .	2
Continue north and then left on A-Darb al-Asfar Street , and you 'll find Bayt es-Suheimi on your right .	After taking a north and then a left on A-Darb al-Asfar Street , Bayt es-Suheimi can be found to your right .	0
Apparently , real Velociraptors were small and fairly timid .	They exaggerated how rabid they were in several movies .	1
A great many archaeological treasures have been unearthed here on the grounds of an ancient temple dedicated to the Carthaginian goddess Tanit , and most of the artefacts can be viewed at the archaeological museum in Dalt Vila .	Artifacts have never been discovered here on the grounds of the temple dedicated to the Carthaginian goddess Tani .	2
Among the structures of note are the ancient Porte B ? ? charie and Tour du Prince , Romanesque Eglise Saint-Pierre with its 11th-century crypt , and the Ren ? ­ ais ? ­ sance H ? ? tel d 'Eyssartier ( Place de la Lib ? ? ration ) .	Only abandoned and decaying structures remain where once there was a thriving city .	2
Starr is not persuaded by the White House 's various novel theories of privilege ( exemption from testifying ) for Secret Service agents , family pets , and so on .	STarr was fine with them refusing to testify .	2
Key to Vince McMahon , WWF president , has made himself part of the storyline .	The key to the WWF 's success is that Vince McMahon made himself part of the show .	0
Do you also deny this ? 81 The Coroner handed him the register in which his signature was inscribed .	The Coroner showed the man a computer printout of names and dates .	2
so uh i mean you you can 't believe what you what you hear	You can 't believe what you hear .	0
it was that bad huh oh was it	Was it really that bad ?	0
The conductors didn 't seem to mind .	The conductors were very upset .	2
do you are you on a regular regular exercise program right now	Do you sit on the couch all day ?	2
So , though I still oppose much that the Satheri have done , I 've gone back to them .	The Satheri now rule the planet after conquering and destroying .	1
It was four in the morning .	It was early in the morning .	0
Marketing is a process and lot of people don 't realize that , Langfelder said .	Marketing can be difficult even if you know your target .	1
what what day what day was that on do you have you can you recall	Can you remember what year that was on ?	2
At once , there was a feeling of growing , and the sylph began to shrink away from them .	The sylph remained a constant , even as they grew .	2
Unique to Turkey is the national sport of oiled wrestling .	Mud wrestling is the national sport of Turkey .	2
( For more on Internet use among different socio-economic groups , see the Commerce Department 's Americans in the Information Falling Through the Net . )	They never thought to collect data on Internet usage .	2
For a while they told pregnant women to keep weight gains minimal ( and some women did so by smoking more cigarettes ! )	Smoking cigarettes is still used sometimes to prevent weight gain among pregnant women .	1
agreed to the terms of employment um as far as the new hires i i hired on just early enough that i i missed it um where the new hires were concerned but uh	The new employees agreed to the contract .	0
The Benefits Agency administers programs such as Income Support and Jobseeker 's Allowance Benefits .	The Benefits Agency staff members felt stretched thin between all the programs they were administering .	1
Reporting of major efforts at the entity level shall be more specific than at the governmentwide level .	Reporting major effects should be the same at entity and government level .	2
Ca 'daan smiled at him .	Ca 'daan felt friendly toward him .	1
and then you know she being a girl i guess she probably uh spent a lot of time with her mother more so than with me	She spent equal time between me and her mother and it didn 't really matter that she was a girl .	2
Possibility the We the people are like terrified rabbits frozen in the glare of the onrushing headlights of the great big truck that is G.W.	We are brave deer that can leap away from any onrushing truck coming our way .	2
simply said that uh instead of the uh hundred and fifty thousand or so who wanted to immigrate to this country we cut that by uh two thirds so	Over one hundred thousand wanted to immigrate to this country .	0
The saving of households , businesses , and state and local governments makes up nonfederal saving .	Nonfederal saving is strictly defined by the tax code to be the savings of households , private entities and local governments .	1
So the CMP theory suggests that income inequality should grow over time .	So the CMP theory suggests that we are all aliens .	2
3 ) It doesn 't try hard enough to figure out what made him tick , and tick so loudly ( Tom Shales , the Washington Post ) . ( Find out more about the movie here ; read Sarah Kerr 's review in Slate . )	There could be a greater effort made to determine what makes him tick .	0
It is really too bad that such inhibiting headgear , a complex Islamic tradition , has lately acquired the status of a strict religious law , which it never was .	The headgear can not possibly be described as inhibiting .	2
Last week Time magazine reported some preliminary results from a poll it has been conducting on its Internet site about whom it should pick for its Person of the Century .	Time knew the results of their poll .	1
Some separations of the CEO and chairman functions are successful and others are not .	All separated functions of the CEO and chairman are successful .	2
and they were trying to do like like robotic stuff and everything	They were trying to do robotic stuff .	0
This would produce higher postal densities .	It would produce worse standard of living for the people within the higher population densities .	1
Well , said Cynthia graciously , " we are very busy , but if we have time it shall be done . " The little nurse withdrew , and Cynthia promptly took a jar from the shelf , refilled the bottle , and placed it on the table outside the door .	Cynthia said they were busy but might do it if they had time .	0
Even Selana 's father told him to leave .	She told him to hit the road .	2
We close when we get to close , she said .	There is no definitive closing time .	0
The receiving entity does not sacrifice anything of value , and the transferring entity does not acquire anything of value .	All transfers between agencies involve things with measurable value .	2
I believe that careful study is needed to develop more realistic and workable methodologies and solutions to federal pay issues .	We don 't need realistic methodologies for federal pay issues .	2
uh-huh well i know in i personally took a year and a half and went as a missionary and taught Christianity in Japan	I was a missionary for my Baptist church .	1
In 1993 , Fortune magazine named them among the 70 toughest bosses in America .	Everyone knows they 're one of the easiest bosses to work for .	2
With Christianity and the sophisticated Celtic culture successfully fused , Ireland entered its Golden Age ( a.d.	The Celts welcomed Christianity with open arms .	1
Lambert Ham and uh Stallworth and Swan	Lambert Ham but not Swan .	2
Dole has taken this position because it is right for America , Dole spokeswoman Christina Martin said earlier this year .	The position taken by Dole is wrong for America .	2
Owning and sharing the building and not paying rent times five will save the non-profit agencies about $ 375,000 each year .	The non-profit agencies will save over three hundred thousand each year .	0
Customs Service .	There are customs services .	0
It 's almost possible to ignore the exclusion of male artists and think of Lilith as a savvy packaging of the hottest ...	Lilith is almost able to be ignored and instead viewed as a packaging of the hottest .	0
We 're meant to feel that we 're coming to the end of the line , an impression confirmed in Domenico Gnoli 's painting of an empty table covered with a lace tablecloth , Without a Still Life ( 1966 ) , placed toward the end of the show and chosen for the cover of the catalog .	Gnoli painted an empty pool .	2
difficulty understanding the owner 's project performance expectations .	a clear understanding of what the owner had in mind	2
From Machico 's triangular square , several streets lead to the seafront a dark , pebbly beach with a small fort dated 1706 .	The square of Machico 's has the first circular form in the world .	2
From here , the long , narrow arcade called Nakamise-dori is lined with shops selling toasted rice crackers , spices in gourd-shaped wooden bottles , dolls , toys , fans , children 's kimono , and ornaments and souvenirs of all sorts .	There are no shops on the arcade	2
The bandit with the sword swung but Vrenna parried .	The bandit swung his sword and missed Vrenna .	0
Bartolomé Rivas ' more substantial bulk weighed down the rawhide seat of another chair more to one side .	Bartolome Rivas is a big man .	0
assassinate him	buy him coffee before killing him	1
Guadeloupe , with more fully equipped ocean-going boats than Martinique , offers deep-sea fishing for kingfish , tuna barracuda , bonito , and dolphin .	There will be plenty of sharks around for fishing aboard the Guadeloupe ocean-boats .	2
Gratuity ? hinted Tuppence .	Tuppence hoped that he would be gracious .	1
A free ebook from http : / / manybooks.net /	The book is a paperback .	2
Supported by resolutions from the Pasadena , San Gabriel , Eastern and Foothill bar associations , the two programs drew up plans to merge and submitted them to the Legal Services Corp.	The two programs did not plan on merging .	2
More specifically , the full cost of an output produced by a responsibility segment is the sum of ( 1 ) the costs of resources consumed by the responsibility segment that directly or indirectly contribute to the output , and ( 2 ) the costs of identifiable supporting services provided by other responsibility segments within the reporting entity and by other reporting entities .	The full output costs are the sum of resources and supporting services .	0
This led to some on just what belongs on a list of favorite films .	It belongs on a list of favorite films .	0
Albert 's The fans in New York have welcomed me back , and if you can make it there , you can make it anywhere .	The fans were welcoming .	0
But they were both gay enough this afternoon , and chatted together like a couple of children .	The fancied each other and chatted about it .	1
uh San Francisco might try to make a run back but i doubt it	They started off terribly , but have started to gain ground .	1
Don 't get scared and say no at once .	Do not get scared and immediately decline .	0
She hides the strychnine and glasses in John 's room .	She left the strychnine and glasses out in the open .	2
what um what do you think needs to be the criteria set for those	A criteria does definitely not need setting	2
Visitors can hire a boat on the park lake , swim in the pool , or check out the zoo ( built in 1972 ) , where 150 kinds of animals pace back and forth behind moats , not bars .	There are many activities for visitors , but locals know the best spots .	1
To the south , in the Sea of Marmara , lie the woods and beaches of the Princes ' Islands .	In the north is the Sea of Marmara where there are mountains to climb .	2
yeah even if you didn 't invest in necessarily the the best thing you would have so much more to invest you you 'd still be ahead	Invest in gasoline , everybody uses it and it always costs too much .	1
yeah yeah academically they didn 't meet the requirements so they couldn 't play this year so four of them they had four people	They may play next year if they meet the requirements .	1
okay okay well New England is kind of kind of like uh pretty close sits right on the Atlantic Ocean and we get you know a lot of a lot of the weather is driven by the winds coming in off the ocean the northeast winds bring in	The Atlantic Ocean doesn 't influence New England 's weather .	2
Pundit Central , for one , is worried that peppy , likable Monica might try to take its job .	Pundit Central is concerned that Monica may try to steal his job .	0
The policewoman followed .	The policewoman went behind them .	0
Ceteris paribus , unit ( per piece ) fixed costs are higher in a low volume per capita system than in a high volume per capita system .	Per unit piece fixed costs are higher in low volume capita systems	0
He wore his hair in a small topknot .	His hair was loose and flowing .	2
Readers are of course invited to submit their candidates to the Rock Pomposity Sweepstakes at culturebox @ slate.com.	Readers can submit the names of their candidates only upon invitation by authorized personnel .	1
anything to be real interesting yeah well it 's good to talk to somebody i don 't read as much as i used to um my husband 's a TIer and i 'm in journalism so i do a lot of writing um during the normal course of my job and it 's kind of um sad when you find out the you know i thought i would get more toward reading and i 'm getting less	I used to read a book a day , but I barely read these days .	1
Slim thought desperately .	Slim talked about it .	2
I have helmets to look at . ' 	I need to look at motorcycle helmets .	1
Before long , we can expect to hear retirement-averse conservatives making the rest of the fine arguments against term limits .	It won 't be a surprise to hear that some conservatives are opposed to term limits .	0
okay i don 't know much about the Grand Jury how do you feel about the in Texas i noticed since i 've been here in twelve years that they they break up the the trial and then the sentencing part of the trial	I don 't know much about how Grand Juries work in Texas .	0
you know most tribes were treated dreadfully	They were murdered and suppressed .	1
Susan says they know who these creatures are , said Jon .	The creatures are actually demons .	1
Simply , the allowance market puts a price or value on each ton of SO2 not emitted .	SO2 is spewed freely into the atmosphere .	2
Many of the men who benefited were absentee landlords who needed people to manage the land for them .	Many of the men needed help managing the land .	0
Then on to Radda , where you should peep in at the Piccolo Museo del Chianti , and to Gaiole in Chianti , one of the best centers for tasting and a place to linger .	The Piccolo Museo del Chianti opens at 9 am .	1
He was forever commissioning huge semiacademic studies of problems by an array of experts like Henry Kissinger , a practice which throughout his life elicited resentment from colleagues less flush with cash .	He patronized the sciences by commissioning semi-academic studies from a variety of experts .	0
I suppose you know that she has married again ? " I am afraid I showed my surprise rather plainly .	Did you hear that he is getting divorced again ?	2
He doesn 't really want to run , but perhaps he can use the threat of a candidacy to make himself a behind-the-scenes player , the guy who delivers the left to Al Gore or Bill Bradley .	He does not want to run for office but does still want influence .	0
A singularly handsome woman .	The most handsome woman ever .	1
The political culture of nationalism reserved its approval for those who led ruinous campaigns in pursuit of impossible quests , Ajami writes .	Ajami wrote about the killings in iraq .	2
the other woman didn 't cook too much either right	The woman made every meal from scratch .	2
The inner sanctuary hall is a truly monumental space in Ottoman Turkish style , capped with a series of beautifully painted domes .	The inner sanctuary hall is a truly suffocating space in Ottoman Turkish style .	2
Unfortunately , this leaves Ginsburg trying to explain that if granted immunity Lewinsky will testify one way , and if indicted she 'll stand by her deposition .	The man was not able to prevent the woman from giving her testimony .	2
But McVeigh 's lawyer indicated that his team had faked the putative confession in order to persuade a witness to talk to them , and an Oklahoma reporter has now confirmed that the defense team 's private eye told him of the fake confession a year ago .	They did not fake the confession .	2
St. Herbert 's Island was named after the saint who lived here as a hermit ; after his death in 687 it became a place of pilgrimage .	St.Herberts Island was named after a saint who lived here .	0
In courts such as Orange County 's , the offices have offered workshops for litigants .	There are no workshops in the courts .	2
Holding the blade steady , the armored man drew another heavy blade from his belt behind his back .	The man held onto his big knife .	0
I know your part in it .	I know you are involved in it .	0
First , we concluded that the LSC is not a federal agency for purposes of judicial review under the Administrative Procedures Act .	We found that the LSC is a federal agency under all rules .	2
We turn now to other elements that distinguish a case study from a not-case study and a good case study from a not-good case study .	The case study can be poorly done .	1
yeah they didn 't and i 'm not for sure what the deal is on him i think he 's been hurt but he hadn 't played he hadn 't played in probably two months and i 've i 've gone to about three or four of their games and i don 't even think he was on the sidelines so i i think he hurt his knee or something but he he definitely didn 't turn out to be anything like he was supposed to so uh	He hasn 't played at all since he got injured .	2
The President 's proposal entitled The Department of Homeland Security , President George W. Bush , June 2002 .	President George W. Bush issued many Homeland Security proposals during his term of office .	1
and uh we try to take a vacation with them every year camping of some sort something that wasn 't expensive and uh our youngest is uh expecting her first baby so they 're they 're all out and on their own they 're and we have one to get married yet and they 'll all be married uh and they 're they 're all doing pretty good they uh two lives in Pittsburgh you probably don 't know where that is	We think camping is a good option because it isn 't expensive .	1
Things that might once have been screamingly campy are now played straight : People dramatize their emotions but rarely overdramatize them .	People always overdramatize their emotions .	2
now i 'm sorry what is what is this again	I know what is going on and don 't have to ask .	2
and especially two hours of soap operas i 'd that 'd be that might be a real good way just to break that habit is to have to watch them for that long i 'd kind of be like uh	Two hours of soap operas are a good way to break the habit .	0
EPA has considered numerous regulatory alternatives to the final provisions of the rule , which are discussed in the Summary and Analysis of Comments , but has determined that the requirements expressed in the final rule constitute the most cost-effective and least burdensome alternative that would meet the mandate of section 213 ( a ) ( 3 ) of the Clean Air Act .	EPA went with an alternative plan instead of what they originally wanted .	2
Remembering how guarded she had always been in her manner , he saw that he had probably been under observation all the time .	She was being watched by some very bad men so she had maintained her guard .	1
The project is funded by a two-year , $ 80,000 fellowship from the nonprofit Academy for Educational Development , along with grants of $ 37,500 each from the Spirit Mountain Community Fund and the Campaign for Equal Justice , and a grant of $ 12,500 from the PacifiCorp Foundation for Learning .	The $ 80,000 fellowship from the nonprofit lasts for a total of 7 years .	2
Beijing , however , believes that if Clinton were to spend political capital on pushing China 's membership in the WTO , he could prevail--as he did on NAFTA and WTO ratification .	Beijing believes Clinton will not prevail on pushing China 's membership in the WTO .	2
In December 2000 , LSC issued its third program letter on state planning .	The LSC issued a total a twenty program letters in December 2000 .	1
The city center lies within the walls of a vast fortress started by the Venetians and reinforced by the Turks .	The Venetians built the fortress in the 14th century .	1
Invaders Galore	Defenders abound .	1
This year , Beatty may turn down the opportunity to play Robert F. Kennedy in a campaign , then become a power broker .	Beatty will likely play the role of Robert F. Kennedy and turn down the prospect of becoming a power broker .	2
Loral says the review was meant to reassure the insurance companies that indemnify their launches on Chinese rockets .	Loral said no one should trust the Chinese rockets .	2
PRODUCT - Any discrete , traceable , or measurable good or service provided to a customer .	Products are goods and services provided to customers .	0
Elsewhere in the prince 's garden , in a modern building called the Sailor 's House ( Casa de Marinos ) , you can find out what became of the quaint Tagus squadron of the royal fleet .	The story of the Tagon Squadron is lost to history .	2
Every day at 3pm there 's a spectacular all-singing , all-dancing parade including floats inspired by the famous Disney movies .	Disney movies have a big influence on the culture there .	1
what can we do to solve that we can make the architects for all the buildings make private stalls for everyone i thought that was funny but	Private stalls would be very costly for architects to make in all of the buildings .	1
One such link was a Small Business Gateway , which organizes regulatory information of special interest to small businesses .	Small Business Gateway organizes regulatory information for businesses with less than 20 employees .	1
right uh-huh Colorado is beautiful	Colorado , with the mountains and nature , is gorgeous .	1
uh-huh no i i wasn 't either she my daughter um she 's real good at finding sales though you know she she she 'll buy a lot of she yeah she 'll buy a lot clothes at the end of seasons you know and uh just have them for the next year	My daughter can never find clothes on sale .	2
Tripp should have told Ms.	Ms should have told Tripp .	2
That is all .	That isn 't nearly everything .	2
The main attractions for the visitor are concentrated in the historic heart of old Istanbul .	Tourist can easily find famous attractions in the heart of old town istanbul .	1
Topham 's got him a Chinee cookin ' there who serves up th ' best danged grub in this here town .	Topham has a cook who is Asian .	0
The Cartier operation kept its jewels on the move .	Cartier keeps its jewels hidden in one stationary location all the time .	2
Why , every one in the building would hear the report . "	The report will be read over a loud intercom .	1
yeah now rock and roll seems tame compared to like the New Age and all that stuff	Rock and roll has evolved the years to become more tame .	1
You understand .	You still don 't get it .	2
Today the ruins have been well restored ; they are accompanied by an excellent museum of Buddhist sculpture , which you should save to enjoy until last .	Restoration of the ruins has taken place .	0
As above , while several alternatives were considered , the SEC found that it was unnecessary or inappropriate to adopt any of them because of the need for investor protection .	The SEC found it unnecessary or inappropriate to adopt them because of the need for investor protection , but the investors disagreed .	1
The Jerusalem Post pointed to a novelty-seeking and risk-taking gene discovered in Israel ( see International Papers for ) . Michael Kelly asks Washington Post readers why we lard up the sorrow with this great and gross festival of national media blah-blah about Camelot and royalty and The Kennedy Curse .	Washington Post readers were asked by Kelly why we pack on the sorrow .	0
If so , it explains the steps in a final assessment and the actions to take , depending on the results of your additional work .	If you put in enough additional works and bring on good results , you then have a clear picture of the actions to take .	0
Auditors should prepare audit reports communicating the results of each audit .	Auditors should communicate the results of the audit .	0
All three of these experts , and others besides , point to a misdirection of federal resources .	Experts did not believe that federal resources were misdirected .	2
Young man , trust me .	I ask the young man to trust me with his heart	0
Inside the library there are old photos of assorted Ranas , smartly dressed in tweed suits , neckties , and polished boots , posing atop the huge rhinos and tigers they 've slain .	There are photos of people with dead animals .	0
This eerie lake , shimmering in the heat , is so heavy with salt and other minerals that nothing lives in its waters ; swimmers find it almost impossible to sink or even to submerge themselves .	They 've tested the salinity of the water and it was unusually high , so high that there are no signs of life in it whatsoever .	1
They all heard it .	The day was totally silent .	2
No , come on out of it .	No , snap out of it , and get back to your senses .	1
From the earliest days Egyptians recorded their activities on papyrus paper , helping us to piece together the pivotal moments in the great days of the Ancient Egyptian Empire .	A long time ago , Egyptians decided to record events from the Egyptian Empire on papyrus paper .	0
Numerous other rulers followed him , creating a veritable city of the dead with each tomb more elaborate or brightly decorated than the last .	The rulers all were buried in different places .	2
For , see you , it is a big stake for which I play .	The costs , as well as benefits , have to be carefully considered .	1
but what was the good of getting the law changed if no one is there to help the individual ?	The law will be changed once adequate resources are assigned to help the individuals affected .	2
well yeah i hope so yeah we 're going to go to Lubbock they 'll probably have another sandstorm out there you know	We aren 't going to Lubbock because of the sand storms .	2
Yet in the summer months Hokkaido 's mountains and lake country are mild enough for good camping and hiking .	Hokkaido 's mountains are mild enough in the summer for hiking .	0
Most Japanese people save up for years to buy one and then often spend an equal amount of time in debt after making the investment .	Japanese people would do anything to have one .	1
and it 's hard to get on a regular schedule and then we 're pretty active in our church which takes up a lot more time too so	We often skip church to do things with other people .	2
my folks have just retired just in the last couple of months my dad has and uh they 're trying to figure out you know what they 're doing with stuff and my mom 's in there cutting up the credit cards you know can 't use these anymore and	My parents just retired in the last few months .	0
An EPA official told us that the agency is using email as a way to facilitate the delivery of documents to the small entity representatives and to receive their comments .	The EPA official was dressed like Men in Black .	1
Once it survived the bailout , the company was unable to avoid rebounding .	The company got a bailout .	0
i workout with that uh ESPN	I don 't workout with ESPN at all .	2
This put more than 60,000 in jail .	Over 60,000 were put in jail .	0
These are crisscrossed by numerous narrow alleys called wynds and separated by open spaces where markets were held , royal decrees were heard , and criminals were hanged in front of large and enthusiastic crowds .	Royal decrees led to criminals being hung in front of large , enthusiastic crowds .	1
Hanson staggered back , panting from his efforts .	Hanson stumbled back , breathing heavily from his labor .	0
so how do you rate gun control	How should gun control be rated ?	0
The Chinese painting salon holds 200 ingenious rice-paper paintings , gifts from a Chinese emperor in the mid-19th century .	Most of the paintings are of birds and monkeys .	1
Measuring 4.1 by 1.4 m ( 13 by 5 ft ) , the sheet is kept in an iron-lined silver casket placed in a marble urn and tucked away in the Museo della Sidone , and is rarely on display to the public ( with the recent exception of the Holy Year 2000 ) .	The sheet is kept in an exhibit for religious visitors to view .	2
One puts a weanling on a rope halter , accustoms him to the feel of the hackamore , of being with men .	A weanling should never have a rope halter put on him .	2
The major Scottish families had their own traditional tartan patterns that instantly identified their clan and kinship .	The major Scottish families can be identified instantly by their traditional tartan patterns , which reveal their clan , kinship and county of origin .	1
The family is the core of daily life .	Daily life depends heavily on family .	1
i will get on it one day and see if i can uh um what what do they win they they win money i think don 't they	I will have to find out if they win money .	1
Accordingly , he wished them goodbye , and they left the hotel .	Accordingly , he bid them farewell and the exited the hotel .	0
Martha , who does not want her last name used , believes she owes her very life to Legal Services and lawyer Laura Adjangba , who won her political asylum in the United States .	Martha won political asylum in the US .	0
If they come , we will defend ourselves .	We could die if we fight .	1
We better turn them loose , said Red .	Red declared , we best let them free .	0
The Mus ? ? e Arch ? ? ologique ( 13 bis Boulevard Amiral Courbet ) , housed in a 17th-century Jesuit college , has an important collection of Roman glass .	The museum is inside the college that was bulit in 1684 .	1
Trail of the Spanish Bit okay yeah	Come along for the last chance of the Trail of the Spanish Bit .	1
These artisans are not faking antiques	These artisans are not making false antiques	0
The home of two famous painters , Correggio and Parmigianino , and birthplace of the conductor Arturo Toscanini , has much more to offer than just great cheese and ham .	Cheese and ham are the only things on offer from the birthplace of Arturo Toscanini .	2
for gifts are you li stening to him	Are you hearing him ?	0
oh got a little sunburn yeah	Got a little sunburn on the arms .	1
The Tikkun Guide to Colleges	A college guide called the TIkkun Guide .	0
108 should determine if other auditors have worked to establish the validity and reliability of the data or the effectiveness of the controls over the system that produced the data .	108 needs to seek out and reference others who 've worked with the system and the data to verify reliability .	1
The small , whitewashed chapelwas the first Protestant church built in China .	Protestant churches do not exist in China .	2
His brown suit was well cut , but perilously near the end of its tether .	His suit was too tight .	1
Located 50 km ( 30 miles ) north of Paris , Chantilly is celebrated for its chateau , its elegant racecourse and stables , and , not least , for the cryme chantilly ( whipped cream ) typically served on hot waffles .	There is a chateau and a racecourse in Chantilly .	0
Caravan at 65 Hollywood Road and the shops in The Silk Road at Ocean Ceter in Tsim Sha Tsui are good places to start looking .	65 Hollywood Road is in Los Angeles .	1
As a strategist , Bradley knows he 'd be an idiot to debate Gore .	Bradley will make a strategic decision about his debate involvement .	1
For six years , Bill Clinton has stayed alive by clinging to those entitlements .	Bill Clinton has stayed alive for six years by clinging to those entitlements , said the New York Times .	1
Republicans say Starr has proved his integrity by admitting his mistake .	Star is a candidate for the Democratic party .	2
less As can be seen , the mean daily profit of each quartile ranges from positive $ 248 to negative $ 110 .	All daily profits were positive in the time surveyed .	2
yeah this is not a real good time of day because most people listed their home numbers and of course they 're gone	Most of the people were not home at this time of day .	0
It was at this juncture that Tommy lost his head .	Tommy 's head went missing after returning from the asylum .	1
you know and plus it also depends on the district you 're in as i mean on the i 've seen some districts where all the schools are lousy it doesn 't matter what you do	It 's all because local tax revenues are tied to district school funding .	1
i mean yeah where i you know kind of stuff i do i i use my education quite a bit but where i was before i wasn 't using it hardly at all so it all depends i mean it depends on where you wind up i guess but i really enjoyed teaching it you know i but wouldn 't mind getting back into it someday but who knows what 'll happen in the future the way people are being laid off right and left it 's all a matter of uh what happens next but uh back back to the taxes though i mean uh it 's a difficult issue no one wants their taxes raised but on the other hand you got to do something	Taxes are a difficult issue , no one wants their taxes rised , but they want to get more things from the state , so you know ...	1
ground in Harlem Built of brick and the width of about four brownstones , the fivestory building is designed to blend in with the architecture of the surrounding neighborhood .	The building is supposed to blend in in the neighborhood in Brooklyn .	1
The analysis uses both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities and to assist in the participation of small entities in the rulemaking , the FCC made available a complete copy of the proposed and final rulemaking materials via the Internet .	The analysis was funded and conducted by the Missouri Institute of Technology .	1
Even the most anti-imperialist may be touched in the Cathedral , by some of the poignant epitaphs for those who died in the military or civil service for their country .	There are epitaphs for those who died serving there country .	0
Do you think this is the end ?	This is just the beggining	2
It is especially popular in the western Algarve at Luz , Lagos , and Sagres .	In the western Algarve at Luz , Lagos , and Sagres , it 's very popular .	0
My feet shifted .	My feet moved a bit	0
The sight they saw when they rounded the large gnarled tree shook Jon to the bone .	Jon saw dead bodies and destruction around the tree .	1
No we 're not , said Thorn .	Thorn denied that they were .	0
Pro-choicers defend the right to abortion as an extension of the civil rights granted to blacks and women .	Aspects of the civil rights movement are mirrored in the pro-choice movement .	1
There are stables all around the country where horses can be hired , and many quintas ( hotels on country estates ) provide horses for guests .	Horses at quintas are often included in the cost of the hotel stay .	1
Town End is full of wonderful artifacts from 17th-century daily life , such as cooking utensils bowls , pans , crockery , and hooks to hang hare and pheasants rag rugs made by the women of the household , and laundry implements such as a dolly used for stirring the clothes in the washing tub .	There are no artefacts from the 1600s to be found in Town End .	2
well you know you 'd think that this crazy system if you 're going to talk about something about the weather they 'd have tried to plug you in with plug you in to somebody	This system is crazy .	0
i don 't know him	I never met him .	1
His greatest works are of mythological , religious and historic themes .	One of his greatest works are of religious themes .	0
Gods , said San 'doro .	San 'doro said the Gods were responsible for the fire .	1
Effective hunger control will probably require lifelong therapy with multiple drugs like these .	A multi prong approach is required to suppress appetite .	0
But I was in a hurry , because Dorcas was out , and I thought maybe the coco itself was all right , and the salt had only gone on the tray .	The coco was totally ruined , I thought .	2
Those sections provide a new definition of disability for children , mandate changes to the evaluation process for children 's disability claims and continuing disability reviews , and require that disability redeterminations be performed for 18-year-olds eligible as children in the month before they attain age 18 .	The new definitions were necessary for the purposes of funding sources .	1
Acknowledging reality isn 't unethical , but ignoring it can be .	Ignoring reality can be unethical .	0
I would like to ask you one question .	I would like to ask you ten questions .	2
The paper also concluded that the U.S. policy of equipping and training Muslim forces may not be such a bright idea .	Many racists believe that Muslims are inherently violent .	1
The main streets are the narrow , cobbled alleyway of Rua de Santa Maria and , parallel , Rua Dom Carlos I. This east end of Funchal is the antithesis of the opulent hotel zone to the It is poor and decaying , but filled with character .	The main streets are easily navigable .	1
Though Western Europe 's leaders watched with baited breath , they sent little support , and inexorably Venetian resistance was worn away .	Even though Western Europe 's leaders were not concerned , they sent a great deal of support .	2
Mercury is a naturally occurring element , but human activity mobilizes mercury in the environment , making it more bioavailable .	Mercury is mobilized by human activity in the environment .	0
Once you get your adolescent to endorse this idea ( and to forget that Juliet was just 14 ) , you 've won .	Juliet was just 14 .	0
Tough talk and the rhetoric of conflict help hide the basic truth that business leaders are , in real life , more contemplative than combative , more sedentary than savage .	Tough talk hides the truth that business leaders work harder than anyone .	2
Each year in an important ceremony , the emperor plants rice in a symbolic field , reinforcing his role as the hereditary link between the Japanese people and their Shinto gods .	Faithful people have a tradition in Japan by planting rice in certain places .	1
The Kal recounted many stories of his fights and those of other hero pit fighters .	The Kal had no recollection of any fights ever taking place .	2
Those that remained were lined up and , one by one , they were led to a stout barrel and forced to kneel .	The thirty people were forced to kneel .	1
But he must decide quickly on his next step .	He must quickly make a decision on his next step before the decision is made for him .	1
In particular , the units that process payments under the direction of the certifying and disbursing officers should have in place effective internal control activities6 to ensure payments are legal , proper , valid , and accurate and that duplicate payments are avoided .	Certifying and disbursing officers feel more secure in their positions when there are effective internal controls in place .	1
and on each letter what types of changes are they typos are they because i couldn 't read it or people just change a like one word because they think it sounds better or whatever	are the changes typographical errors , or are they just because i wasn 't able to decipher them	0
However , it began life with a totally different purpose .	It rejected its previous purpose in life as immoral and adopted a new one .	1
Coincidences are curious things , he said dryly .	He is very optimistic when it comes to coincidences .	2
you know there 's absolutely no ozone protection whatsoever in Australia in the last in the years of the shuttle the uh uh the skin cancer and and other you know uh cancers in Australia have gone up you know so mething like like six thousand percent	In the years of the shuttle program , sin cancer cases have plummeted in Australia .	2
The best book review section in an American paper at the moment--the Los Angeles Times Book Review --is much closer to this variety model .	The Los Angeles times has never published book reviews .	2
The philosophy makes risk management a part of its organizational culture and integrates risk management into its day-to-day practices and business activities .	There have been multiple changes with relation to implementation of risk management .	1
Slate , the growth of labor-intensive exports from Third World countries , a development possible only because those countries are able to offset their disadvantages by competing on the basis of cheap labor , has brought about a huge improvement in the human condition , even if the wages look miserably low by our standards .	The exports from these Third World countries are often of higher quality than those from First World countries .	1
A Soldier 's Daughter Never Cries ( October Films ) .	The soldier 's daughter doesn 't ever cry , she believes that her father will be safe .	1
Greek cities were embellished with Roman buildings .	Roman buildings embellished Greek cities .	0
TEST SPECIES	The test species are mammalian .	1
It was a strong business .	It was a weak business .	2
Canseco 's making five million a year	Canseco is earning an annual sum of five million	0
There is a crescent moon ( or a set of cattle horns , symbolic of a self-deluding cow who thinks she could beat a bear in a fair fight , but I don 't like her chances ) .	The crescent moon is shaped like a set of cattle horns and this similarity is used to describe scenes in novels .	1
well that 's that 's a big one in my book but uh um	That 's a big one in my book and I am not sure what I think about it .	0
Cook refers to his strategies as evidence that the American dream is still alive .	Cook says that the American dream is no longer possible .	2
INTRODUCTION	Introductions often have words that hook the reader or aim to inform the reader in detail .	1
Enclosed by the mountains of the Galilee and the Golan , this azure freshwater lake is surrounded by orchards , banana plantations , kibbutzim , and Old and New Testament sites .	There is no lake between the Golan and Galilee mountains .	2
Playing dirty .	They played fair .	2
They put you in harmony with the rest of the material world , as well as with the electronically written universe on the Internet .	The real world is more in touch .	2
figure 1 for an overview of the factors that help to inform that decision .	There are five factors that help them inform the decision .	1
and uh like i said i really have no interest in politics it 's just not my field but uh you know being a woman i don 't know even that i would vote for a woman in the high offic e	I don 't really care about politics .	0
The houses display old farm tools and cooking utensils , and some operate as workshops where you can watch the much-vaunted local craftsmen demonstrating their skills in lacquerwork , carving , weaving , and dyeing .	The houses only have old clothes on display .	2
the uh the grown ups eat for four dollars and something and the and the uh the eight and eleven year old eat for uh two dollars and something and the four year old eats for free and uh the grown ups get all you can eat and the kids have to have can only have like four items	It 's an expensive restaurant .	2
Outside the main site to the north , the Villa of Mysteries ( Villa dei Misteri ) is Pompeii 's other most cherished artistic treasure .	The VIlla of Mysteries is located outside of the main site to the west .	2
And this other was more important than I ? Said Adrin , rolling another set and apparently losing .	Adrin thought someone else was being treated better .	1
The rationale for interventions in the emergency setting is that the medical condition or injury prompting admission provides a window of opportunity when the individual may be more vulnerable and more open to seeing the connection between current consequences and his or her drinking or drug abuse and may be more motivated to change .	The rationale is that the ED has a chance to target vulnerable people .	0
The cover package celebrates the century in entertainment with anecdotes told by stars and their hangers- Ira Gershwin 's brother-in-law describes how he manufactured ketchup ( he said to-may-toes , but his suppliers said to-mah-toes ) ; Little Ricky remembers what it was like to grow up as Lucy and Desi 's TV son ; Barbra Streisand claims she was never a shrew on the set ; a Titanic producer tells how Kate Winslet improvised an enduring moment in cinema--spitting in the face of co-star Billy Zane , etc . ...	Some say that the cover package should 've gone a little further back in entertainment history .	1
See The Sound of One Hand Talking for Slate ' s take on Franklin and the panel . )	Franklin has led to many arguments over the principles .	1
However , systemic and practical barriers must be overcome and additional research conducted to take full advantage of this opportunity .	There are no barriers blocking this opportunity .	2
something that still has a lots of amenities and you know gadgets and things	There are lots of amenities with it .	0
yeah my the older i get the less i like the cold up here i 'll tell you i think that i think that uh you know it just takes it 's toll and uh and uh	As the years go by I tolerate the cold less and less .	0
Turn right at the end down Via Cappello for the 13th-century palazzo that the local tourist authorities will have you believe was Juliet 's House ( Casa di Giulietta Cappelletti ) , complete with balcony .	The palazzo can be reached y turning left on the Via Cappello .	2
It dates back over 1,000 years to when Indian merchants first brought their Hindu culture to the peninsula .	Indian merchants first brought their Hindu culture to the peninsula over 1000 years ago , though the culture didn 't take root until a few hundred years after that .	1
Space travel mimics the effects of aging ( bone weakening , sleep disruption , etc . ) , and NASA wants to know if a 77-year-old astronaut will suffer the same disabilities .	NASA has plans to put a number of elderly people in space .	1
News accounts agree that Arafat has finally shed his image as a terrorist and is now being honored by the White House not only as a virtual head of state but as the indispensable player in the peace process .	News channels agree that Aarafat is now taken seriously .	0
You think that we are lukewarm , that we lack fire and energy , but trust me , it is not so . " John stuck his head in at this juncture , and invited us both to come up to Mrs. Inglethorp 's room , as he and Mr. Wells had finished looking through the desk in the boudoir .	The desk that John and Mr. Wells had been rummaging through was in Mrs. Inglethorps room .	2
It 's awfully decent of you . "	He was being provided a monthly allowance of $ 4000 .	1
rap yeah well i i don 't really have anything against rap music i do the one thing i do object to about rap music is is it	Rap music is liked by all listeners .	2
Except for the traffic spitting out noise and air pollution , the ample Plaza de la Cibeles is splendid .	The best time to visit the Plaza de la Cibeles is late in the evening , when traffic is at a minimum .	1
This will extend the implementation of model technology innovations that improve justice for low-income clients .	This will limit the implementation of the model technology innovations .	2
The one-day crash of ' 87 , for example , reduced people 's net worth by billions without directly reducing by as much as a single doughnut the amount of goods and services or the economy 's ability to produce more of them .	The one-day crash of ' 87 did not make any difference to the economy .	2
For simplicity , we assumed nonfederal saving-saving by households , businesses , and state and local governments-would remain constant as a share of GDP in both fiscal policy simulations .	Household savings is not part of the GDP .	2
and uh so i 've been debating of whether or not just to cut out the dead portions or you know just to take it all out and i think i 've pretty well decided just to take it all out and start all over again	I have made a decision to just take everything out and start from scratch .	0
The horse chestnuts , beeches , and plane trees , the orangery , and ornamental pond were a major inspiration for the bucolic paintings of Watteau .	Watteau 's painting of the ornamental pond is famous .	1
yeah unfortunately because because i often i often sort of wonder how having never been to the Soviet Union um how different the people there really are you know how how much everyone always thought of them as you know sort of the	I traveled to the Soviet Union in the 80s and I know exactly what the people there are like .	2
The analysis discusses the comments received in response to the initial analysis and the actions taken by the Department in response .	The department received no comments on their actions .	2
yeah they sure did i remember those	Why yes I do remember them .	0
they just hit a long way well i 'm i 'm getting better about hitting them straight but where i get into trouble is around the green	I hit the long ball well , but struggle around the green .	0
A racing line of high blood , Don Lorenzo said thoughtfully .	Don Lorenzo enjoyed betting on races .	1
'I don 't see why-'	I don 't understand why it is .	0
and um i 'm sure there are a lot chemicals that that can be recycled that	No one can recycle chemicals .	2
Something exploded in the village , a sealed house or a barn , sending a pillar of green fire into the night air .	An explosion was set on purpose in the village .	1
The 257 steps that climb steeply above the main shopping street , the Avenida Ferman Sanz Orrio , lead to the old village .	The steps are so steep that few tourists actually climb the whole way .	1
, worker 's compensation , civil service retirement unfunded liability ) , indirect labor such as carrier supervision , vehicle costs , and space related costs ( rents , fuel , utilities , custodial maintenance ) .	Rent is not a space related cost .	2
It 's a hobby that doesn 't get too much time these days .	This hobby does not receive much time anymore .	0
During April and May , the orchids will be in bloom .	The orchids are beautiful in bloom and a great photo op .	1
Enough talk , old man .	That 's enough talking , old man .	0
In his final year he binged , painted nothing , and drove his car into a tree .	He didn 't paint anything in his final year .	0
I was not surprised .	I was not surprised that I was thrown a birthday party .	1
I 'd rather be alone .	I would rather be on my own than with someone I hate .	1
" To me that is a feast . " Drew fell into the formal speech which seemed natural here .	Drew had resorted to using slang and dialect to blend in .	2
Mr. Carter 's warning recurred to her mind .	She thought of Mr. Carter 's warning .	0
Walker 's two clients , Jamie Harrison and Robin Hull , declined to be interviewed .	Walker was angry that Robin Hull did not want to be interviewed .	1
Bell 's inability to see a world beyond the context of military and economic Big Stuff is what dates this book most of all .	This book is dated because of its focus on military and economic ' Big Stuff ' .	0
oh but we do have i like Simply Red we got Simply Red i thinking of all our CD 's that we have what i really like and uh i like Breeze i like the group i think just because they all sort of sound they sound like a lot like red uh Simply Red if i 'm going to listen to that kind of music nowadays that 's it 's easy in listening	Looking at all of our CD 's , I like Breeze because they sound similar to Simply Red and it 's easy to listen .	0
Clinton : I will continue .	Clinton decided to keep his office as president .	1
A standard for intervention that was universally accepted and regularly if not uniformly applied might even reduce the number of occasions when intervention would be needed .	Intervention is intervention regardless of it 's model and it does not matter which we use .	2
Ruling that the order was mutually binding , Judge Thornton also cited the men for contempt .	Thornton said the order bound both parties in their agreed-upon contract .	1
The El Greco house was originally built by Samuel Levi , a 14th-century Jewish financier and friend of King Peter I of Castile .	King Peter I lost his foot in a tragic boating accident .	1
and slash it with the red pen .	It will not be slashed with the red pen .	2
it 's a good general education education education for a a bachelor 's degree	For a bachelor 's degree , it 's a good general education , he will have lots of job offers	1
say like you 're saying with Alzheimer 's and going to be	Say like you are saying without Alzheimer 's .	2
i think not yeah i think it was you know being in a new place being kind of out of out of sorts and everything all combined but	I was in a new place and not accustomed to everything .	0
The report should not have errors in logic and reasoning .	The report can have up to 10 errors .	2
In Take This Simple Test , Steven E. Landsburg goes into quite some mathematical detail about the public 's so-called irrationality .	Steven E. Landsburg believes the general public is the epitome of rationality .	2
Engineering and Design Guidelines for Duct Injection Retrofits	There are design guidelines for duct injection retrofits for factories .	1
There followed the epoch of leg warmers and other mutations into the aerobics class look .	The cooking class look involves leg warmers and similar items .	2
Sixty-five-year-old William McHugh was placed on paid leave ( read the letter from FSU President Sandy D 'Alemberte to McHugh ) after dropping his shorts to show a female student his hernia scar--a move that also exposed his genitals .	He was placed on leave for 3 years .	1
The Republican Party leadership wants Starr to deliver nothing until after the elections ( Shields ; George Will , This Week ; Gwen Ifill , NBC 's Meet The Press ; Tony Blankley , CNN 's Late Edition ; and David Bloom , Meet the Press ) . In fact , Orrin Hatch 's comments on the shows this week should be construed as signals from the GOP to Starr asking him to withhold a report , charges Bloom .	The Republican Party leadership has held many meetings with Starr about his schedule until the elections .	1
The Hollywood sign over Beachwood Canyon is perhaps the most recognized landmark in Los Angeles and a favorite photo background .	The most recognized landmark in Los Angeles might be the Hollywood sign .	0
He added , We 've made a good start .	While they were doing well , he said they had a lot more to do .	1
The statue and a small museum are on a peak , up 268 steps , above Po Lin Monastery .	The statue can be found above Po Lin Monastery .	0
The sixth row , labeled Unknown shows some First-Class Mail that cannot be identified with any of the aforementioned four sectors .	The chart is incomplete and needs to be redone .	1
A piece predicts that microscopic sensors in everything from toilets to toothbrushes will provide automated checkups and enable physicians to consult with patients through the Web .	Web-based consultations are an option that 's exciting to doctors and patients alike .	1
Limbaugh countered that Clinton had , in fact , snarfed at Mickey D 's in Hawaii .	Limbaugh said Clinton ate Taco Bell .	2
right and maybe maybe let them have some mock i mean uh you know elections and stuff and vote for different people in their classes and start really young that 's a real good idea	Children should get a good grasp on democracy and politics .	1
For now you can turn back and away from the town .	You can turn away from the town , for now .	0
Horse races are held every Sunday , all the year round , at the tracks ( Hipodrom ) at Son Pardo near Palma , and near Mahon and Ciutadella .	Horse races are also run on Fridays .	1
Plato , less interested in humans ' inner states than in their behavior as members of the state , redefined the four humors in social as artisans , guardians , rationals , and idealists .	Plato was mostly interested in humans ' inner states .	2
He turned and put his hand on San 'doro 's shoulder .	He put his hand firmly on San 'doro to send a message .	1
and uh he has an MBA so uh we were sort of you know keyed in on expenses and things like that so um	His schooling doesn 't help at all in figuring out the budget .	2
Unless you are Muslim you cannot enter the mosque , although you are able to enter the courtyard .	The courtyard is worth visiting	1
yeah see that 's one of my biggest gripes about Texoma as many times as we would go up there it 's it 's so rough	We enjoy seeing the scenery on the drive up to Texoma .	1
um i just turned around and looked at my brief at my briefcase my uh bookcase up here and i see Armageddon up there and uh the Shadow of Blooming Grove and Two Thousand and Ten and Grant Takes Command and The War in the Year oh Space gee that was the one i was trying to wade through was Space James Michener didn 't get very far on that	I look at my briefcase and my bookcase , there were lots of books there .	0
The scary traffic is a real experience vehicles of all kinds jockey for position on crowded streets , missing each other by inches , and speeding on the freeways is rampant .	Driving can be scary with cars cutting each other off and barely missing .	0
From the footnote-to-history department comes a WP story about the Richard Nixon estate 's campaign to be compensated for papers taken by the government after Nixon resigned .	Nixon tried to be compensated for papers that the government took .	0
The sea beckons many visitors to Brittany , with a combination of a craggy coastline and great sandy beaches , seaside resorts on the Cete d 'Emeraude ( Emer ? ­ ald Coast ) , and small harbor towns on the Golfe du Morbi ? ­ han .	Lots of visitors go to Brittany to see the beaches and get some sun .	1
In that event , agencies should view the hierarchy as providing sources of GAAP for the Federal Government .	The hierarchy has been extremely unpopular with the public and the internal departments .	1
well we 've uh we 've we 've test driven the Oldsmobile Delta eighty eight and a Cutlass Supreme and a used Cadillac about three or four years old	We really liked the feel of the Cutlass Supreme .	1
Yes , the slaves , said Gauve .	Guave confirmed it was the slaves .	0
Chinese Opera .	Historical Chinese Opera	1
Therefore , sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1994 are inapplicable .	Sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1994 are inapplicable .	0
Since 1994 , Case has been involved with the formation and development of Lancaster Interagency Council for the Homeless .	Case has been involved in several projects that help the homeless .	1
Similarly , architect Viollet-le-Duc often went overboard restoring some of the great Gothic cathedrals and medieval chateaux in ways their original creators had never imagined .	Viollet-le-Duc tried but failed to restore some Gothic cathedrals , opting instead to live out his days as a cobbler .	2
The roar sent the entire village screaming .	The roar was loud and scary .	1
uh-huh uh-huh yeah i think i think it 's going to take that but i you know i i think it 's going to take a lot more than that too you know it 's going to take it 's going to take this education with our with our kids i really believe that but you know you it we we knew that we weren 't going to have to ever use it again we knew we were going to have two or three weeks of it in math class so why take the time to really learn it	It is worth the time to learn it .	2
and i can tell you right now	I could tell you right away .	0
Using econometric modeling techniques applied to our sample of households , we are able recover an estimate of the demand function	The economic modeling techniques applied are the best we 've seen .	1
They were the first victims in a guerrilla war launched from jungle enclaves by communist rebels using the arms caches left there by the disbanded Malayan People 's Anti-Japanese Army .	The Malayan People 's Anti-Japanese Army had disbanded , but still maintained arms caches .	0
a real big issue	A petty challenge .	2
At the end of Israel 's War of Independence in 1948 , the nation 's population numbered 700,000 Jews and 150,000 Arabs .	The population was 850,000 after the war of independence .	1
Six teams of a nanny and a nurse take turns watching the baby around the clock , although they are not allowed to kiss him .	Lots of people take care of the baby .	0
That 's why I have gone into all the details of this thing whether they seemed to me relevant or not . "	I gave all the details whether relevant or not .	0
Box 999 , Montego Bay ; Tel . 953-2650 , 953-2654 , 800-WYNDHAM ( toll-free from US ) ; fax 953-2617 .	The address is in Montego Bay .	0
These steps provide the basis for making a preliminary assessment of data ( 1 ) a review of related information and ( 2 ) initial testing ( see figure 4 ) .	These steps provide the basis for making a preliminary assessment of data .	0
Statistical sampling was initially implemented in the 1960s to reduce the cost of the payment process while still affording confidence that payments were processed accurately .	Statistical sampling was started in the 1920 's .	2
The entrance to the mosque is through a door at the east wall above the temple complex .	A door at the west constitutes the entrance to the mosque .	2
and you ought to as your daughters approach the college age uh start finding out about the scholarship money because there is a lot of money out there and uh	You have to start looking out for scholarship money for your daughters ' college education .	0
Best Successful Application to Weapon Acquisitions Requires Changes in DOD 's Environment .	Changes in DOD 's environment are required for successful application to weapon acquisition .	0
Let me propose another reference group that the culturati might glorify in the ( perhaps vain ) hope of curbing spending- happily functioning people .	I am going to come up with another group .	0
Therefore , the Commission prepared an initial and final regulatory flexibility analysis under sections 603 and 604 of title 5 , respectively .	The Commission conducted an analysis under section 101 .	2
In addition , while these agencies address partnering with customers and other stakeholders , greater emphasis should be placed in fostering the necessary collaboration both within and across organizational boundaries to achieve results .	There 's no reason to promote partnership amongst employees or stakeholders .	2
In the mountains , water streams down from unseen a one-hour walk might take you past half a dozen waterfalls .	There are many different waterfalls along the mountain paths .	0
Francaise ? he hazarded .	He knew her name as they 'd previously met .	1
oh okay i guess i grew up uh camping my folks were big campers from day one as far as i can remember we grew up in southern Oklahoma and they were uh we were always hit Texoma or	I grew up in southern Oklahoma and went camping a lot .	0
Al Gore Jr. has outdone his senator father in the calculus of political achievement , but the veep is stiff and awkward and dutiful in a way that his impulsive , backslappy dad never was .	Al Gore Jr. decided not to get into politics like his father .	2
The program continued with an interview with Dr la Berg from Switzerland , who opened the first clinic in the world , where this new revolutionary method named after him was being performed .	The program had an interview with Dr la Berg .	0
Thus , 11 billion pieces is an extreme lower bound on the number of preprints carried by the Postal Service .	The Postal Service carries preprints .	0
Make sure that you 're running Internet Explorer 4.0 , then click here to take a look .	The website will only work using Internet Explorer .	1
This is situated in the main harbor at Sharm El Sheikh , Tel . 069 662252 .	The restaurant is located in the main harbor .	1
He closed off the Piazza 's west end with an Ala Napoleonica ( Napoleonic Wing ) , through which you now enter the Museo Correr , devoted to paintings and documents of Venetian history .	He kept the west end of the Piazza open .	2
But reporters don 't need artful seducers like Davis to make news .	Reporters need seductive artists to make good , marketable news .	2
A canal passes right through the park , so you can reach La Villette byaboat from central Paris ( a three-hour trip ; see page 26 ) .	Travel from Paris to La Villette is only possible by car or bus .	2
you know but not that specifically but things along that of of activity	I mean that exactly .	2
They had saved Ca 'daan 's life .	Ca 'daan had survived .	0
He spotted his assistant , Mai Yee , at the fax machine .	The assistant was waiting for a fax to arrive .	1
Does anything in your examination lead you to determine how the poison was administered ?	Does anything you see on her dead body make you understand how she was poisoned ?	1
The level of the review and the elements reviewed-for example , architectural reviews , mechanical and electrical interface reviews , or constructability1 reviews-also varied .	Architectural reviews vary from mechanical and electrical interface reviews .	0
These reform efforts being undertaken in major democracies are taking a generally consistent direction , requiring government organizations to focus more on results and less on process .	The reform efforts in major democracies require governmental organizations to focus more on results .	0
Mines there continue to yield lead , which is exported from Cartagena as it has been for centuries .	Lead is mined in the region .	0
The knights of the Holy Sepulchre held court in its unique double-decker chapel surrounded by a circular nave .	The knights of the Holy Sepulchre never held court .	2
For most people , intellectual is not the dirty word it seems to be in so many other countries .	Intellectual is perceived to be a dirty word in many other countries .	0
, Goodwin ) argue that Roosevelt spawned the civil rights and feminist movements by putting everyone to work regardless of race or gender .	Civil rights would never have happened without Roosevelt .	1
Shortly beyond the reporting period in May 2001 , the Office of Program Performance held a special telephonic conference for 2002 grant applicants involved in mergers / consolidations .	The Office of Program Performance organized a special web presentation .	2
I don 't want her going inside the head of a man like that .	I don 't think she should be going in there .	0
The settlement burgeoned , and it soon became evident that this was no mere garden suburb , but a major new city .	The settlement was very poor prior to the boom .	1
Are they big ?	Are they large ?	0
An interesting building towards the rear is the Festival Hall of Tutmoses III .	The Festival Hall is an interesting building .	0
yes prepare your well that 's great can now can she leave um on a day by herself	She hasn 't been able to leave on her own before , but now she can .	1
country club type things that the it was such nice services to offer the residents in the city and i really liked that	I liked the services offered by the country club .	1
With fine hotels and fashionable boutiques , Courmayeur 's lost innocence is easily captured in Entryves , its quiet , little-sister neighbor 3 km ( 2 miles ) to the north .	The neighbor is considered more innocent for its cheaper and gentler aesthetic .	1
Most films in Ibiza 's cinemas have been dubbed into Spanish .	Most movies in the theaters of Ibiza have received Spanish dubs .	0
But Hall said what 's needed is more money .	More money isn 't needed1	1
Even worse for the Court , after invalidating the restriction on this conventional First Amendment ground , League of Women Voters goes on to say that [ o ] f course , the restriction on editorializing would plainly be valid if Congress were to adopt a revised version of [ the statute ] that permitted [ public radio ] stations to establish ' affiliate ' organizations which could then use the station 's facilities to editorialize with nonfederal funds .	The league of women voters believes that the restriction on editorializing would be valid if Congress revised the statute to permit public radio stations to start affiliate organizations that could work within the radio station to editorialize .	0
well they 're i guess they 're pretty popular up this way yeah it 's a pretty rugged trailer it 's a tandem wheel even though it 's only eighteen foot long so there 's it drags pretty good you know with a car but	These trailers are not popular up here .	2
Rennie ran a finger across the brand which scarred the gray 's hide .	There is no brand that scars the gray 's hide .	2
In the interim , the Board believes it crucial to relay to Congress LSC 's current standards governing state planning , service area configuration , and review processes .	The Board has no intentions of relaying to Congress LSC 's current standards on review processes .	2
Macau 's population is estimated at around 450,000 , an appallingly high figure for such a small area ; recent land reclamation has eased the situation to some extent .	These reclaimed lands will be the sites of new mixed-use skyscrapers holding retail , parking , offices , and residential units .	1
Capital Gang sters Al Hunt and Robert Novak signal an end to their rude ways this week with some of the most polite behavior ever witnessed on a political talk show ( outside of the prissy Washington Week , of course ) .	Al Hunt and Robert Novak have become much harsher to each other ,	2
Lawyers call it pro bono work , a Latin phrase meaning , For the public good .	Lawyers call it " pro bono " because it sounds better than " free . "	1
According to the Washington Post , Steve Forbes and George W. Bush are criticizing Al Gore for naively accepting Russian pledges of economic reform .	The pledges made by Russia are likely to be false .	1
A sidebar traces political attitudes toward women 's bodies , from Margaret Sanger to ...	There are only main traces of the attitude .	2
Its nave and aisles are divided by 39 octagonal pillars leading to a stupa , the domed focus of veneration , with an apse beyond , permitting the circumambulation .	Its nave and aisles are divided by only five octagonal pillars .	2
While we may deplore that sex has become the dominating factor in many young people 's lives , the goal should be to expand and emphasize the nonsexual means of personal expression ( liberation ) available to them , not to return to the repressive and contaminating moral hypocrisies of a previous age .	People are extremely too fixated on sex .	1
When I found that the more efforts I made to clear him , the more efforts he made to get himself arrested .	I realised that the more work I put into having him arrested , the more work he put into exonerating himself .	2
The personal destruction spin is a big winner .	The personal destruction spin eroded public confidence in the end .	1
i had to talk to someone about hobbies and the switchboard called me so i was caught a little off guard and i couldn 't think of anything at all so i started making stuff up i told this woman that my hobby was gardening and i can 't even i can 't even grow an ivy my grandfather gave me a plant once that told and he told me when he gave it to me that it was impossible to kill you could freeze it you could	I was talking to a teacher about my eating habits when the phone rang .	2
and um the there is men and also women women aren 't um nearly as frequent and also that have elderly couples once their kids have left that can volunteer to go on a mission and um they 're all over the world and its it is an incredible logistics i mean they have a training center where they teach them it 's called the Missionary Training Center in Utah and they have to be taught the language	There is a center in Utah where they teach language .	0
This awareness can also help auditors judge whether possible findings could be significant to various possible users .	Auditors see no benefit in looking at the findings .	2
i don 't remember what it is now four hundred dollars for the month let 's say and uh i mean some months i may spend three hundred on groceries and a hundred on everything else and	Is it because you budget that you don 't remember ?	1
It became fashionable in the 17th century and wealthy Parisians built luxurious private homes ( h ? ? tels ) here .	Parisians with a lot of money built their fancy private homes here .	0
So to judge America 's fleeting architecture by Europe 's canonical standards is preposterous .	American architecture should not be compared to Europe 's .	0
yeah it 's it 's tough on the joints if you jog on concrete or on asphalt supposed to be much better if you find uh grass or or uh dirt to jog on	You will develop serious joint issues if you jog on concrete .	1
Drew did not know what he had expected of their first meeting .	Drew did not know what to expect , but he was excited .	1
The friezes are more sophisticated , showing archers riding elephants and a king of Kalinga reclining with his queen .	The friezes are extremely popular and all over the internet .	1
but anyhow um what have you seen	I saw five people jumping on a car , what have you seen ?	1
'I think he may have adopted a simpler approach , ' Lincoln said dryly .	Lincoln made a snide comment .	0
Get up , I say . But Tuppence continued to cling and sob , interjecting her sobs with incoherent appeals for mercy .	Tuppence emotionlessly asked to be shot .	2
it 's just their strength will beat him you know sometimes	Sometimes their strength will surpass him .	0
The cost or value of stewardship land is often not determinable .	Stewardship land value is not typically calculated .	0
Look for the Galerie des Rois across the top of the three doorways .	The Galerie des Rois spans a single doorway .	2
We 've come across other groups that could not maintain equilibrium after the atomic war stage and you know the results .	Multiple groups have gone through an atomic war .	0
Large portions of Argentine-style meats .	The portions are very large and are enough to feed two men .	1
While most families say they recognize the need to save for retirement , many do not save in any systematic way .	Many families don 't save for retirement like they should .	0
It is not uncommon for extensive testimony to focus on discount differences of one or two tenths of a cent per piece .	Many feel that these long testimonies are a waste of time for listeners .	1
She was right , most individual telemarketers were below twenty .	Most telemarketers know to keep things under twenty dollars or no one will buy .	1
Nicole Kidman , describing her husband 's ...	Nicole Kidman 's husband is Australian .	1
UT law students will staff the center and conduct the initial interviews with clients to find out what their legal problems are and how they can be helped .	To find out what clients ' legal problems are and how they can be solved , UT law students are going to interview them .	0
Geniuses slipping into madness also tend to disrobe in public ( I learned this from a volume on chess prodigies , who have a proclivity for disrobing on public buses ) .	Geniuses disrobing in public was the only way to prove their sanity .	2
From the air it looked more than a little ramshackle .	It looked a little thrown together from the air .	0
But the Legal Services Corp. in Washington overruled that part of the plan .	The Legal Service Corp. are fully supporting the plan .	2
Trust was critical to overcome members ' reluctance to disclose their weaknesses , vulnerabilities , and other confidential or proprietary business information to other members-some of whom were business competitors .	Trust was not necessary to this exercise .	2
To understand how individual accounts might affect national saving , it is necessary to examine the first-order effects accounting for how the government might fund the accounts and then to consider how people might adjust their saving in response to a new account program .	People might have to adjust how they save based on how the government might fund the accounts.Based	0
vacation where she got better so she not only is she the better skier but she got all the attention because she got to go out i think think she planned it she 's only five but i think she planned and she got all the attention from her dad wow oh yeah	She was so happy to receive so much attention .	1
The owner of the cantina raised his glass .	The cantina owner set his glass down .	2
And what of their children ? Were they born into freedom ?	Were the children born as slaves or not ?	1
vehicles or whatever if they had like a Winnebago or something and they were farther in away from the water i think they stayed	The vehicles included a hovercraft to traverse the lake .	1
I will tell you , my friend : Because they are both clean-shaven men .	I won 't tell you because both men had beards .	2
Some felt that there had been loss of trust by clients from disenfranchised groups because of a belief that legal services programs have pulled away from discrimination-based initiatives .	Some felt they couldn 't trust people anymore , so they kept their feelings to themselves .	1
'I 'm sorry , ' I rallied .	'I 'm not sorry whatsoever ! ' I rallied .	2
No , you must be wrong . " As Dave remembered it , Tesla had been plagued by similar doubts from such men as Edison .	Dave was an academic who studied conflicts amongst scientists .	1
Then said ; ' Yeah .	The man said ' Yeah " .	1
Another semirational period occurred during some excitement or danger that centered around him .	He was irrational all the time .	2
The Commission 's analysis used both quantifiable and general descriptions of the effects of the rule on small entities .	The Commission was trying to see if the rule would benefit small entities as well as large entities .	1
uh-huh yeah then you just can 't get better	You simply cannot get better .	0
If you decided to wreck the sky again , even you might not be able to repair it a second time . " He tapped his hands lightly together and the sound of a huge gong reverberated in the room .	You have already wrecked and repaired the sky once before .	0
i think they just could have handled it more professionally i i i believe that they they hurt themselves i guess	Being more professional is a way to not only decrease injury but to also maintain good character .	1
Hidden courtyards bathed in penumbral light lurked behind massive doors , slatted blinds , carved iron window bars ( rejas ) , and half-moon stained-glass windows ( mediopuntos ) .	Behind half-moon stained-glass windows are hidden courtyards bathed in light .	0
Virgin Megastore , on the Champs-Elysees and beneath the Louvre , has the best stock of CDs .	The Virgin Megastore beneath the Louvre sells CDs .	0
After writing about Anderson 's piece in , I sent a letter to the New York T imes , which printed it Sunday .	The article writer wanted to do a piece every Sunday .	1
Six ( 6 ) delivery days per week times 52 weeks less 10 holidays .	There are 365 delivery days every year .	2
Also , a small business representative told us that , although she believed that there is a need for more coordination and cooperation across federal agencies , small businesses are generally skeptical about the benefits of standardization because their interests may be neglected .	It was believed by a small business representative that there is a need for more coordination and cooperation across federal agencies , because these things are severely lacking .	1
yeah there 's i 've i 've read a lot of things um since i got involved in the water business back in eighty three um and it 's amazing that the the legislation they have	The legislation they have in the water business is amazing .	0
and like i said i mean we 're not that old but my husband works for the state and after a certain amount of years you can retire and when he retires i 'm retiring well as soon as i get my quarters in i 'm retiring period that 's it you know no more and so	My husband and I are going to retire together .	0
Justice Can Improve Its Controls Over Classified and Sensitive Documents .	Justice Provides The Best Control Over Sensitive Documents .	2
For the moment there was nothing to be done , and she walked obediently into Mrs. Vandemeyer 's bedroom .	She left Mrs. Vandemeyer 's house .	2
Our previous reports looked at such issues as how companies matched customer needs and resources , tested products , assured quality , and managed suppliers and are listed in related GAO products at the end of the report .	How companies tested products was the subject of a previous report .	0
Much of the opposition had nothing to do with planned obsolescence and everything to do with concern that the Monsanto 's infertility gene might leap from its seeds to fertile seeds in adjoining farms and eventually render those fertile strains infertile .	There was concern that Monsanto 's infertility gene would make nearby strains infertile .	0
do you oh yes that 's a good program uh-huh	You left the program ?	2
Michael Isikoff , the Newsweek reporter whom Brill criticizes , notes , first , that the full exchange is equivocal--Lewinsky also tells Tripp the president doesn 't think she is going to tell the truth .	The president doubts Lewinsky will tell the truth .	0
yeah yeah every year uh there 's some freeze damage and i lose different uh variety of shrubs	I retain all my shrubs each year .	2
His nose was crooked and his skin looked as tough as leather .	He had a straight nose and skin that was as smooth as velvet .	2
Orthodox Judaism , likewise devoted to the suppression of women 's hair , has long since solved the problem another way , with fashionable wigs .	Orthodox Judaism has been devoted to the suppression of women 's hair for decades .	1
i think a a common factor to a lot of problems both whether it be crime if if you want to jump on that is mostly uh poverty uh and i think a lot of their problems is poverty if we could uh uh the problems we have you know in this country is is a lot of it 's poverty whether it 's the people aren 't trying hard enough to get out of poverty i that 's another story but uh uh it is sad there there 's so much down in all of South America uh so much potential you know we 're TI of course is is really pushing world markets in their products and they 're they 're mostly in in Europe now and in in in the Orient Japan and Singapore now just announced building a plant in Singapore uh they 're in Taiwan and Japan and they 're they haven 't had what that much luck in South America and there 's got to be a lot of potential for business down there for the products certainly that we make and everything	There is a lot of potential for business in South America for stuff that we make .	0
The basilica of San Francesco is in fact two churches , one above the other , built on top of the saint 's simple tomb in the crypt .	The basilica of San Francisco was built upon an Indian burial ground .	2
We discussed six types of case study that differ considerably in their requirements for site selection , data collection , and analysis , among other things .	We spent two hours discussing all of the case studies .	1
Every murderer is probably somebody 's old friend , observed Poirot philosophically .	Poirot said that every murderer probably has never had friends .	2
yeah she 's one	Yeah , she is one hell of an actress .	1
At least that was the theory .	That was definitely not the theory .	2
It seemed to stiffen slightly and become more thoughtful , but there was no disappointment .	It had been hoping to eat pizza that evening , but the local pizza place was closed .	1
and i went in for my interview and then right there he said okay go down to the company hospital and you 'll go through a physical so you know i mean it was really good that way because they they tested everyone right away	He told me at the interview I had to get a test .	0
some memories	Memory loss .	2
yeah that would be one of my very first experiences of uh tent camping if it were with a group of people we went up to a state park that was	We didn 't go tent camping at all .	2
But the newcomers were already drawing rein , bringing their foam-lathered horses to a pawing stop .	The ponies needed food before they could continue .	1
With regard to generalizability , some methodologists see case studies as above all particular , seeking to describe and understand the aspects of an instance without much concern for knowing whether they arise in or are characteristic of a larger population .	Some methodologies see case studies as something that tries to understand without interfering .	1
You have to watch closely as the privatizers describe their schemes .	The privatizer refuses to explain their schemes .	2
Go-Gurt rang up $ 37 million in sales during its first year of limited distribution .	Go-Gurt is predicted to make over $ 45 million in sales next year .	1
To counter a perceived communist threat from the Soviet Union , the US quickly set to work reconstructing the economy by transforming Japan 's institutions and devising a new pacifist constitution .	I took the US a long time to start working on the reconstruction of Japan 's institutions and constitution after the Soviet Unions ' threat .	2
Well , I guess it doesn 't matter now , anyway , said Julius .	If they had acted sooner , Julius would have thought differently .	1
It can be so exhilarating that one needs ever greater amounts of it and can be induced to do silly or reckless things to get more of it .	You need to have a lot more of you 'll be bored .	2
You were in a towering rage .	You appeared peaceful and serene .	2
Over on the quiet , tree-shaded place de la Sorbonne , it 's hard to imagine the police invading such a peaceful sanctuary one that for centuries guaranteed student immunity .	The Place de la Sorbonne is a place for student immunity .	0
Boone claims that the album 's purpose is to attract metal enthusiasts to Jesus , and that his get-up was a spoof of his old choirboy image .	Boone says that Jesus is a big fan of metal .	1
This is the traditional approach that most largescale owners ( both public and private ) used to design and construct their facilities until the relatively recent growth of interest in outsourcing of design and construction services .	The traditional approach has be tried and true until recently .	1
A drop-ship discount might also evoke type-1 worksharing activity .	Nothing can encourage sharing activity .	2
We had fallen under the spell of Grace Kelly and Audrey Hepburn , whose shoulders curved with easy finesse , and whose heads sat high atop swanlike necks , just waiting for crowns .	Audrey Hepburn inspired many to dress and act like her .	1
Some critics call it his best album in years ( Tony Scherman , Entertainment Weekly ) . Others are bemused by Lanois ' addition of xylophones , organ , Caribbean rhythm , and atmospheric hoopla .	Some feel it is his best album and others are bemused by it yet it was the best selling album this year .	1
i don 't either if it was his name he should have just kept it i you know that 's your name that 's your name	He should not have changed his name .	0
Ask Jeeves isn 't perfect ; in fact , it often exhibits a grasp of reality that falls somewhere between a database and the Magic 8-Ball .	I am aware of Ask Jeeves 's frequent unreliability .	0
Its wooded shores , delightful islands , and beautiful setting have earned Derwent Water the epithet Queen of the Lakes .	Derwent Water 's nickname is the King of the Lakes .	2
The Coast Guard and the towing industry jointly developed training and voluntary guidelines to reduce the causes of fatalities .	Training and volunteer guidelines were used to reduce fatalities .	0
As it was conceived and as it has played out , LSC 's State Planning Initiative is a	LSC 's State Planning Initiative does not exist	2
so what about your income tax think they 're hitting you too hard	About your income tax , I think they 're charging you too much .	0
he oh he liked right if it tasted good yeah uh	He hated it if it tasted good .	2
Iraklion was a thriving port in Minoan times and became known as Herakleium under Roman rule .	The port of Herakleium has never been known by any other name .	2
At the very crest of the hill , you will find the Old Observatory , the only building designed by James Craig left in the city ; it was completed in 1792 .	All of the other buildings designed by James Craig were destroyed by natural disasters .	1
That helped Clinton carry this traditionally Republican state .	Clinton lost this state .	2
Go to it then , at once , and ring up the Ritz Hotel .	Call Motel 6 immediately .	2
Similarly , the concept of holding program managers accountable underlies the existing federal process for accrediting systems for use .	The federal program does not hold managers accountable .	2
Thus , the non-household or business portion of the mailstream is not analyzed by the study .	This study focuses solely on the business part of the mailstream .	2
The men attack , murdering some women and scattering others to the winds .	The men tried to kill as many as possible .	1
uh we just about had to get it because the reception in our particular locality was so poor	There are no other options for a provider in the area .	1
Now think about this , I scolded myself .	I was happy with my thoughts .	2
For example , Web sites were used to	For example , books were used to .	2
Mrs. Inglethorp left her money to her elder stepson , knowing that he would have to keep up Styles .	Mrs. Inglethorp left a large sum of money for her stepson .	1
In the seventh century , one strong king , Harshavardhana , reigned for 40 years over northern India , and encouraged Buddhist monks and Brahman priests to participate in philosophical discussions .	King Harshavardhana was peaceful and thoughtful .	1
License to Steal ; Why Fraud Plagues America 's Health Care System	Health Care has a lot of fraud .	0
Consider the rest of the Republican	Take the other part of the Republican into account , you didn 't do it before .	1
Jon bowed and accepted .	Jon agreed to the terms .	1
He watched the farmers , tradesmen , herders , and children finishing their day .	The people all finished their chores quickly .	1
If you are going to travel with us and do battle , you are going to have to learn fast .	You have to learn quickly because you don 't know anything about the game .	1
He demanded that the British merchants in Canton surrender their opium stores , and to back up his ultimatum he laid siege to the traders , who , after six tense weeks , surrendered over 20,000 chests of opium .	He wanted the opium for himself and his own nation .	1
In 125 b.c. , the Romans came in force , conquered the Gallic barbarians , and set up a fortress at Aquae Sextiae ( Aix-en-Provence ) .	The Romans were more powerful than the Gallics .	1
Newsweek notes that while the Dalai Lama promotes religious understanding and meditation , he opposes abortion , contraception , and homosexual acts .	Contraception and abortion are topics that the Dalai Lama promotes .	2
uh-huh oh definitely definitely i know my stepfather bought my mother a little personal computer oh i guess probably three years ago for Christmas and	My stepdad has never bought a computer before in his life .	2
However , the fact that the competition process has not resulted in widespread competition for funding does not mean that it has not been successful .	The competition process has seen a good number of agencies competing for funding .	1
Locals of all ages , from senior citizens to high-school kids donning Metallica T-shirts , crowd into 18th-century taverns to sip sherry or vino tinto drawn from old wooden barrels , and to munch on morsels of tortilla espa ? ? ola .	Only older generations frequent the tavern , viewing it as a gateway back to a simpler time .	2
E-mail addresses follow no standard format .	E-mail addresses have no standard format .	0
But so far , conservatives have been silent , perhaps because Klayman has proved remarkably effective at abusing the people most right-wingers dislike .	Conservatives haven 't been making noise regarding the voting scandal .	1
A great favorite with children , it gives a fascinating glimpse into the late-Victorian obsession with traveling and collecting .	Children love collecting and travelling , so it 's easy to hook them up .	1
( I look forward to explaining how such systems work in a forthcoming column . )	I can 't explain how the systems work .	2
oh yeah the cafe um my my wife her favorite actually she was stationed at in in Germany with me too and	My wife has never been to Germany .	2
boring but i have head phones and i plus i have it uh in the living room so i either watch TV or we have a fish tank so i watch the fish you know whatever i can do to keep myself occupied if i like to have the TV on because that usually keeps me um more occupied it kind of takes the time away and i don 't realize really that 's really the only time i ever watch TV is when i 'm on the bike but and then usually after i 'm done riding the bike just to cool myself down i usually take a walk you know and that just kind of gets myself uh gets me you know to where i 'm not quite as tired i guess but it 's definitely a task i can 't say that i really enjoy it i wish that i did enjoy it more but i do it because i have to not because i want to	I hate TV so much that I don 't even own a TV .	2
Also , Newsweek tells the weird story of Jerry Stuchiner , a high-level Immigration and ; Naturalization Service agent alleged to have sold passports to illegal Chinese immigrants .	Jerry Stuchiner allegedly sold passports to illegal Russian immigrants .	2
To kick off her bid for a New York Senate seat .	To start her conservative bid for a New York Senate seat .	1
and then tonight this woman called have you taken any incoming calls	Did this woman call to talk to you ?	1
I want to be able to count upon your help .	I desperately need your help to succeed .	1
Now , just opposite to that window , there was a tree growing .	There were no trees visible from the window for miles around	2
oh yeah that would be nice oh i i get the the our electric bill in here July and August is just about kills me it 's because it 's so hot	I really prefer the fall because I don 't like hot temperatures and the electric bill is cheaper .	1
It is interesting to note that the remaining critical success factor , aPromote Organizational Credibility , - is executed about the same within all sectors , since all sectors approach principle III similarly , and no sector executes principle IV well .	There is no sector that handles principle IV well .	0
The problem is that I don 't want any neighbors having a key to my apartment .	I want all my neighbors to have a key into my apartment .	2
Slim said , eagerly , " Do you come out here every day like this , Red ? Real early ? It 's like the whole world is just yours , isn 't it , Red ? No one else around and all like that . " He felt proud at being allowed entrance into this private world .	Slime was proud of what he had done to get there .	1
i guess it was probably in the fifties but there 's a strong wind	there 's a string wind , maybe in the 50 's	0
um see i have to take uh medication for a uh for for kidney transplant and i 'm going to be taking that the rest of my life now you i don 't know how that 's going to affect uh	I have medication to take for a kidney transplant and I need to take it for the rest of my life .	0
Queen Elizabeth , complaining about just everything , describes the disguise that enabled her to sneak out of Edinburgh a day early .	Queen Elizabeth wore a disguise to sneak out of Edinburgh .	0
For instance adding Kinsley and subtracting roofing would probably increase your chances of finding our home page .	There 's no chance that you could find our home page .	2
30 % is a decrease in concentration or deposition compared to current conditions ( an improvement )	There has been a decrease compared to current conditions .	0
In the Chapelle de la Vierge ( beyond the choir ) is the monumental Renaissance Tomb of the Cardinals of Amboise , with superbly sculpted allegories of the cardinal virtues .	The Tomb of the Cardinals of Amboise can be found in the Chapelle de la Vierge .	0
Indeed , new Web sites can now be a destination for those cold calls ( or e-mails ) seeking legal help that used to be turned away or sent to the state bar association .	New websites welcome cold calls seeking legal help .	0
I am convinced that GAO is now entering another significant era that will take its place on the timeline of the agency 's historic key events .	GAO 's current era isn 't going to be considered historic in any sense of the word for the agency .	2
Glorious Gardens	Unremarkable Gardens .	2
Get details from the city tourist office on the eight-hour trip , which goes in either direction on alternate days , optional return by bus , from March October .	The trip lasts for eight hours and can be taken in July .	0
Personal Communication with Ande Abbot , International Brotherhood of Boilermakers , Iron Ship Builders , Blacksmiths , Forgers and Helpers , February 5 , 2002 .	The Blacksmiths did not have any communications of any kind with Ande Abbot .	2
no not really not that much um we 've been well we 've been to Wyoming you know and Kentucky and Montana and you know places like that but usually if we 're with a group of people we really don 't stay any one place very long	We 're typically able to settle into one place for a good while when we 're traveling in a group .	2
Ancient Greek Drama	Recent Greek drama .	2
yeah i i get so tired of you know these you know sequels number nine number ten number fourteen	I get so tired of these sequel numbers .	0
i just go buy the things for for uh about thirty bucks and put them on myself	I think that thirty dollars is a good price .	1
This report addresses the following ( 1 ) What is personal saving , how is it related to national saving , and what are the implications of low personal saving for Americans ' retirement security ?	The report attempts to offer some solutions to the sticky problem of personal saving .	1
The Industrialist turned to the Astronomer .	The Astronomer turned to the Industrialist .	2
For example , Oakwood Heights does not have a storm shelter , he said .	He was adamant that Oakwood Heights has dozens of well-supplied storm shelters .	2
In addition to those names above , Francine M. Delvecchio , Marshall L. Hamlett , and Elizabeth M. Mixon made key contributions to this report .	Francine M. Delvecchio , Marshall L. Hamlett , and Elizabeth M. Mixon helped with the report .	0
Nora now sits in an ominous stillness .	Nora is moving a lot	2
Capital gains taxation and estate transfer taxes may also affect household decisions about saving and asset accumulation .	Capital gains taxation and estate transfer taxes may also affect household decisions	0
i don 't really get into that naturally i 'm married so my husband goes a lot and we 'll go and and just do what we want to do and then leave	I am married , and my husband and I go sometimes .	0
And , for the sake of Kinsley 's ledger , it benefits the bottom line as well .	The party politically benefits the candidates running and the location benefits Kinsley who owns the restaurant where the fundraising event is taking place .	1
The pepper-pot lighthouse in the park , of Roman or Moorish origin , wrecked many a marauding ship when it was blacked out by Cartagena 's defenders .	All of the wrecked ships were pirate vessels .	1
You can acquire a second spouse so long as you discard the first one .	You may find another spouse , so long as you divorce the first one .	1
They 're trained to hood their eyes , except when they sense anyone trying to enter who should not .	They hood their eyes except when someone not allowed enters .	0
Such odd times , that the one who slept , had it the worst .	Only one person can sleep at a time	1
uh were clean	We 're very dirty .	2
She sat up at once , drew her hand away , and said , with some asperity : " Don 't be silly ! " I was a little annoyed .	I was so sure she felt about me the same way I felt about her that it was a surprise when she told me otherwise .	0
At the corner of Marble Street , on the right , are the Baths of Scholastica , which also included a brothel .	A brothel in the baths was not an uncommon practice .	1
And even though the payback increases the more you bet on a single pull , the computer will decrease your odds of winning .	Payback goes down when you bet more	2
Because so many buildings are still residences , however , there are relatively few attractions to visit compared with the Old Town .	There is an abundance of attractions for tourists .	2
do you find it convenient to vote the actual time of day type where you have to go and the line you have to stand in	You don 't vote , do you ?	2
because i i descend from that and i you know i don 't can 't i don 't understand Latin	You are not necessarily your heritage .	1
Herzl 's tomb is here , along with a small museum ; in the gardens nearby are the burial sites of other modern Israeli leaders , including Prime Ministers Yitzhak Rabin and Golda Meir .	Hertzl 's tomb was constructed in the early 20th century .	1
In such cases , agencies are to provide whatever data are available , with a notation as to their incomplete status .	Agencies do not need to provide data .	2
What book ?	What store ?	2
The purpose of the self-inspection process is to give our grantees a means to ensure that their CSR data meet LSC standards for accuracy .	The LSC determines whether grants are accurate .	1
and uh if i do have to approach the uh the controller or the vice president i feel i just have that little little extra confidence in myself being dressed that way	When dressed that way , I am more confident when I have to approach the controller or the vice president .	0
okay yeah this is this is actually the first time i 've i 've had someone call me so	I get this type of call all the time .	2
Their son Caesarean would have ruled over both countries , thus continuing the Egyptian blood line .	Caesarean would have been the leader but he died .	1
He learned very well .	He learned a lot about the war .	1
As if in answer to his question , there was a sudden , coruscating flare from above .	He kept asking the question , and nothing happened .	2
Certainly not .	Of course .	2
'You know , ' said White .	White said the person knew nothing .	2
Take my word for it .	I have years of experience .	1
Tell me , on Monday , not Tuesday , Dorcas , but Monday , the day before the tragedy , did anything go wrong with Mrs. Inglethorp 's bell ? " Dorcas looked very surprised .	Dorcas was surprised at the question about the bell .	0
Be prissy .	They were not prudish and very humble .	2
yeah i think it was Battle of Freedom it 's kind of like a historical compendium	I haven 't read the whole thing because it is so long .	1
The Folies Bergares ( rue Richer ) , which launched the careers of Josephine Baker , Mistinguett , and Maurice Chevalier , and the Lido on the Champs-Elysees are both classic survivors .	Josephine Baker sang with Maurice Chevalier accompanying her at the Folies Bergares .	1
The ascending Pincio promenade lined with umbrella pine trees takes you past the Villa Medici , home of many French artists visiting on national scholarships , to the 16th-century French church , Trinit ? dei Monti .	The Pincio promenade is situated in Paris	1
i 'm sorry well i am actually	I have nothing to apologize for .	2
Richard Ries responded to Bernstein 's indirect cost proposal by endorsing a doubling of indirect costs for institutions that adopted positive findings as standard operating procedures after the grant period was over .	Endorsing a doubling of indirect costs for institutions that adopted positive findings as standard operating procedure--that was Richard Ries response to Bernstein 's indirect cost proposal .	0
The second issue is addressed by assuming that the relationship between age and willingness-to-pay for fatal risk reductions can be approximated using an adjustment factor derived from Jones-Lee ( 1989 ) .	We 're assuming , for the second issue , that the relationship between age and willingness-to-pay for fatal risk reductions can be approximated .	0
Reviewing and testing the security features in both commercially developed software that was being considered for use and internally developed software prior to its being moved into production .	They aren 't as thorough as they should be in their review .	1
The valuation approach used is a value of statistical life years ( VSLY ) approach , based on amortizing the base VSL for each age cohort .	They used a value of statical life years .	0
it 's it 's sad i mean and they do it to dogs	it 's a relief to me that they do it to dogs	2
Ocean Park ( see page 32 ) is popular with children of all ages .	Page 32 explains why children enjoy Ocean Park .	1
The royal apartments were set ablaze in the uprising of 1871 and were subsequently restored to become the home of the Council of State and more recently of the Ministry of Culture .	The royal apartments were set on fire in 1871	0
just pretty oh yeah see that 's what that 's what gets me like well just like my brother he has got his five bedroom house	My brother has a big house because he 's rich .	1
Donatello has sculpted a fine polychrome wood St. John the Baptist for his compatriots ' Florentine Chapel , to the right of the altar .	Donatello spent six weeks sculpting the statue St. John the Baptist .	1
Using surpluses to reduce debt held by the public results in lower interest costs today , all other things being equal , and a lower debt burden for future generations .	Using surpluses to reduce debt held by the public does not reduce interest .	2
( Hold me ! )	Get away from me !	2
that 's kind of kind of rough when you got to fight snakes off when your sleeping	Fighting snakes off is never fun , especially in your sleep .	0
know you don 't sound like you 're from Dallas where do you come do you come from originally Texas or	You don 't sound like a native Texan ; where are you originally from ?	0
Programs need to come up with innovative ways of supporting people who are advocates for diversity , including charging certain staff members to reach out to others to overcome possibly hidden discrimination ( such as discrimination members of religious groups and gays / lesbians / bi-sexual and transgender persons ) .	Discrimination is only limited to people of different skin color .	2
but uh since there is much that needs to be done here	There isn 't anything that needs to be done .	2
If our software is occasionally too fat , we developers fall back on the same excuse philosopher Blaise Pascal offered three centuries ago for his verbose I have only made this [ letter ] longer because I have not had the time to make it shorter .	If our software is occasionally too fat , we developers fall back on the same excuse philosopher Blaise Pascal offered	0
Have a look , too , at the round defence tower across the road , which has been converted for use as a family dwelling .	The round defence tower is still used for military purposes .	2
The act also requires the 24 major agencies to have CFOs and deputy CFOs and lays out their authorities and functions .	The act states that the major agencies are to not have deputy CFOs .	2
Indeed , the Base Estimate presumes that the larger coefficients represent a more complete accounting of mortality effects , including both the cumulative total of short-term mortality as well as an additional chronic effect .	The Base Estimate includes the total of short-term mortality as well as an extra additional chronic effect .	0
Projections based on intermediate assumptions of the 2001 OASDI Trustees ' Report .	Projections are based on the report by the 12 trustees .	1
The Biltmore Hotel ( 506 South Grand Ave . ) , which opened in 1923 , is the grande dame of all the downtown hotels .	The hotel on 506 South Grand Avenue opened in 1266 .	2
Water used for culturing and test dilution water should be analyzed for toxic metals and organics at least annually or whenever difficulty is encountered in meeting minimum acceptability criteria for control survival and reproduction or growth .	Water that is used for dilution should be analyzed to see if it 's toxic before it is put back in the river .	1
Not only has each dollar of saving bought more investment goods in recent years , but a greater share of that dollar was invested in information technology , including computers , software , and communications equipment .	Computer equipment includes monitors and hardware .	1
As a result , the omission of this broad class of benefits from our quantitative results likely causes our estimates to substantially understate the total benefits of the Clear Skies Act .	The Clear Skies Act probably yields more benefits than projected .	0
From here you will get your best view of the Pont d 'Avignon ' more correctly called the Pont Saint-B ? ? n ? ? zet ' broken off halfway across the Rh ? ? ne river .	Pont d 'Avignon can be seen the best from here .	0
Such information could be the size of the program or activity you are reviewing , for example .	The size of the program is relevant information that may be used .	0
yeah we uh i i love plums and peach i just love all fruit you know	I hate fruit .	2
One screen has been developed for emergency department use , the Rapid Alcohol Assessment Screen ( RAPS4 ) .	The emergency department uses their own screen .	0
Devising the question calls for the deft and tactful art of the straight man , for playing George Burns to your Gracie Allen .	Straight men are needed for forming the question .	0
There is a population out there that will take advantage of this resource .	People who need legal assistance will be interested in this resource .	1
They 're only small ones , quavered Red .	Red 's fright made him quaver .	1
Other than the snippets of concert footage and a few curious glimpses , it 's a mishmash of drug-addled camera confusion .	It is a compilation of badly directed drug-ridden video .	0
And even his body must have been close to its limits , if it could be killed at all .	His body might not have been killable at all .	0
Current Account Adjustments in Industrial Nations .	The adjustments were made to benefit employees .	1
The Bharatiya Lokkala Mandal Folk Museum has an excellent display of Rajasthani art , which includes bright puppets , costumes , and the whole range of turbans worn by the various Rajput clans .	The art is often see as offensive to the eyes by visitors .	1
The cartridge blunder became a pretext for avenging other grievances , with troops rallying around the rulers dispossessed by Lapse or Paramountcy .	Many grievances were held and awaited motivation .	1
Legal services programs in the United States began in the 1960 's as special model projects initiated by the federal government 's Office of Economic Opportunity .	Legal Services programs were started by the government 's Office of Economic Opportunity in hopes of providing more economic stability for low-income people .	1
you you know i 've seen a lot of people that do that	I have witnessed plenty of people doing that .	0
They chose it as their capital , bestowing the name Candia on both the city and the whole island .	Later on , the name of the city was changed , but the island was still called Candia .	1
He knew only too well how useless her gallant defiance was , since it was not the object of the defence to deny this point .	She had always been defiant .	1
There is a real challenge for our board of directors to help us raise additional funds to help offset these losses and to help prevent reductions in staff and services to our clients .	Our board of directors are challenged to decrease the number of employees .	2
For example , the first number in Column ( 11 ) shows that , between 1993 and 1997 , personal mail volume declined by 2.0 percent annually .	Between 1993 and 1997 , the volume of personal mail increased significantly .	2
Across the world , an 18 th century war shrine in the Japanese town of Nara once contained the ears of 20,000 Koreans .	20,000 Koreans had their ears cut off .	1
Its goal was to develop higher quality systems in less time and for less cost .	Its goal was to develop higher quality systems at greater costs and in longer periods of time .	2
In the sparkling , unpolluted sea , fishing techniques haven 't changed much since Columbus claimed these remote outposts for Spain almost 500 years ago .	The fishing techniques used at these outposts have remained almost completely unchanged since five centuries ago .	0
and if i had it to do all over again i would do what you 're planning to do like continue	if i had the choice to go back to school again , i would do it all at once like you .	1
With balmy trade winds , infrequent squalls , and flowing sea currents , the FWI and nearby Antilles are ideal for a day , a week , or a month under sail .	The FWI and Antilles have frequent squalls .	2
Twenty three leading institutes all over the world , including the New Contagious Diseases Research Centre were busy working on the vaccine 's development .	Only one institute in the whole world was working on developing the vaccine .	2
Has she been wearing any of the emeralds , by the way ? "	He was hoping that she wore emeralds , they were pretty .	1
Considerations of data validity and reliability issues should be addressed early in the engagement , and appropriate technical specialists-such as data analysts , statisticians , or information technology specialists-should be consulted .	Reliability issues are important and should be addressed first .	0
they wouldn 't do it	They would not take out the trash .	1
From the depths of the train , a wave of policemen was approaching .	The train was small , and a wave of policemen filled most of it .	1
Some who were mounted were trying to parallel the runners .	The riders are parallel to the runners .	0
The Hittite Empire eventually collapsed following invasion from the west by the Achaeans , the Phrygians , and a mysterious force known only as the Sea People .	The enemy forces that invaded the Hittite had a thirst for money and slaves .	1
He included all codes , PINs , passwords , e-mail addresses and the many ways they could be configured , parents ' names , first and last names of distant relatives and degrees of relationship , important dates , blood type , date of birth , social security number , driver license and passport numbers , bank accounts , top ten of his favorite books , films , CDs , gourmet dishes , golf courses , works by modern painters , ancestral silver and European palaces , in rococo style .	He included all his information .	0
um one of it 's great slogans is if you 're not serving the customer you better be serving someone who is	They say you should serve someone that is a customer .	0
and that is yeah he 's a little yeah he 's anyway and that was just	Nope , that wasn 't at all , I was bored .	2
For example , only 21 % of survivors of myocardial infarction are treated with beta-blockers by their primary care physician , despite the fact that expert consensus panels consider this omission a serious medical error .	The amount of patients treated is considered a critical error .	1
He 'd been assuming that the man was one of the things called back .	He had been thinking that the man had been called back .	0
Although he tries to imply a romance between the two women , even the Globe doesn 't believe him .	In reality , the Globe knows that the two women had never even met before .	1
It can be expensive , certainly more than the cost of an orthodox meal , but do try to devote at least an evening to it .	Don 't both with it , even though it is cheaper than an orthodox meal .	2
So does Miss Finn . " 221 " Yes , " admitted Jane .	Miss Finn doesn 't do it .	2
What moves us in Keats is precisely this checkered metaphysics--the haunting apprehension that the seed planted in the wide arable land of events might be the seed of death , not life .	They were deeply concerned .	1
Immediately to the right of Jesus is the weighing of the souls , with Saint Michael trying to stop Satan from cheating .	Jesus is arguing with Satan and Saint Michael stays on their left side .	2
I do not know which .	I do not know which , but I know who does .	1
Your skill with a blade is beyond words .	Your skill with a samurai blade is beyond words .	1
It can bring balance and fulfillment to our lives , while providing real leadership to some who may need motivation more than money .	Some people need motivation that is not monetary .	0
1 percent of GDP in 2000-the lowest point in over 65 years .	The percentage of GDP is the highest point in 65 years .	2
Despite the success of LSC and its many contributions to access to justice for low-income Americans , its achievements are overshadowed by the fact that so many in our society continue to suffer injustice and are unable to gain access to a lawyer for critical legal assistance .	Almost a third of Americans are unable to gain access to a lawyer for critical legal help .	1
What a voice Driver has !	Driver has an amazing voice !	0
Why not just look the other way on These cost differences , or level the playing field by passing on to some mail 300 percent of costs avoided by work-sharing ?	You can level the field if you pass on the mail .	0
Through his almost-closed lids he reconnoitred carefully .	His eyes were almost shut	0
The stark realism you 'll see in Caravaggio 's Flagellation and the Seven Works of Mercy launched a whole Neapolitan school of Caravaggeschi displayed here .	Caravaggio was a painter who developed a distorted , expressionist style .	2
Other commenters-including the Commission 's Office of Consumer Advocate-expressed doubts regarding the legal soundness of one or both of the proposed variants of such agreements .	Other commenters included the President of America .	1
uh no i wasn 't	I wasn 't .	0
yes we we 've my uh well when we first got married my wife worked for a year	My wife has never worked since we got married .	2
uh uh well no it 's it 's uh not dry at all it it 's humid	It 's dry and warm .	2
Plato 's girlfriend is worried the former actress is on a downward spiral to death .	This chain of events could lead to her death , which was expected for a long time , claims Plato 's girlfriend .	1
His strongest weapon was at his side holding his hand and watching the old men with her own green eyes .	She was a powerful weapon .	0
but uh i still think there 's plenty of good football players around that just were not able to get on the NFL because the NFL 's teams were just full	The NFL teams consisted only of competent players .	1
Recognizing this guidance would not affect the 1997 CSR data , which had already been submitted by the grantees , but wanting to improve the accuracy of future CSR data , LSC sought to heighten the awareness of grantees to the CSR requirements and to focus their attention on potential problem areas .	The 1997 CSR data hadn 't been submitted by the grantees at that point .	2
That would change dramatically with the 1966 arrival of billionaire Howard Hughes .	Everything stayed the same after Howard Hughes arrived .	2
The museum 's 1974 addition was a re-creation of Villa dei Papiri , a Roman villa destroyed by the terrible eruption of Mount Vesuvi us in a.d. 79 .	Mount Vesuvi erupted in a.d. 79 for the first time .	1
okay uh are you in the market for a new car	Are you looking for a new pickup truck ?	1
oh there 's a whole lot of countries in Europe that do that Sweden Denmark Norway	They do it well .	1
The money goes to Idaho Legal Aid Services and the Idaho Volunteer Lawyers Program .	The money is used to pay judges and court upkeep .	2
A letter-writing campaign asks every lawyer in Maryland to donate at least the dollar value of one billable hour - typically a couple of hundred dollars - to the Legal Aid Bureau .	A campaign asks lawyers in Maryland to donate money to legal aid .	0
for TV coverage it 's pitiful	They didn 't do enough interviews on the ground .	1
right right well the last i heard i didn 't read it in the paper but i heard it on TV was that they were still saying that he 's out permanently you know yeah	I saw something on TV that said he was no longer going to play .	0
Further information about this work can be found in Bid Protests at A Descriptive Guide and Principles	This is all the information that exists .	2
so i felt more comfortable at that place	At that place I felt more comfortable .	0
a 553 , the Commission transmitted a complete copy of the proposed and final rulemaking materials to each of its licensees , including small entities .	The Commission sent a full version of the proposed and final rulemaking materials to each of its licensees .	0
Its goal was to develop higher quality systems in less time and for less cost .	Developing better quality systems more cheaply was its goal .	0
But if he sinned against his daughter and her gender by giving his Wunderkind son-in-law the controlling interest in the Post ( no man should have to work for his wife , the old man said ) , then Graham surely sinned against her eldest child , journalist Lally , for handing the keys to the Washington Post Co. to the younger Donald .	He gave his son in law an interest in the newspaper .	0
The effective implementation of the statutory framework to improve the performance , management , and accountability of the federal government , although important , is not an end in itself .	The effective implementation is the only important thing .	2
Like the wild countryside of the interior , the megalithic monuments of Brittany 's menhir country on the south coast take you back into the legends and mists of time .	Brittany is a modern country with no history .	2
Gawai ( Sarawak Rice Harvest Festival ) : Enlivened by rice wine , the Iban stage cockfighting and blowpipe contests .	At the Rice Harvest Festival people drink rice wine and stage blowpipe contests .	0
These parameters were used to calibrate WTP for the visibility changes resulting from the Clear Skies Act .	There were no parameters used to calibrate WTP for visibility changes .	2
Who 's the other cup for ? inquired Julius .	Julius asked who the other cup was for .	0
The focus of the leather industry in Mallorca are the factories in Inca ; you can visit them and shop at the factory outlets ( though prices will be lower than on mainland Spain or your home country , they may not be any cheaper than what you 'll find in Palma ) .	Mallorca exports lots of leather that comes from the cows that live there .	1
Something ripped and splattered and blacked out in an unbearable welter of agony .	Something ripped and was the cause of blacking out in a flurry of pain .	0
She stooped .	She never stooped .	2
In his introduction , Robert Giroux , Malamud 's editor , quotes Cynthia Ozick , who said of Is he an American master ?	Giroux 's introduction relied heavily on quotes from Ozick .	1
Attestation engagements can cover a broad range of financial or nonfinancial objectives and can be part of a financial audit or other type of audit .	Certification can be expected for a variety of items .	0
it 's you know has it like from one foot to four foot and i thought i would never buy a house were there is a flood gauge down the street	I never had a house with a flood gauge down the street , must be great .	2
In order to attenuate These concerns , it might be reasonable to place price caps on any de facto monopoly mail categories , particularly any used by small mailers with no alternatives .	Small mailers have no alternatives .	1
Luckily I haven 't got your craving for crime !	I don 't have your craving for crime ! Said the daughter .	1
I went wedding ring shopping with my fiancee today .	I went shopping for a wedding ring with my fiancee today .	0
Three or four are masterpieces of Hindu architecture .	The museum has a large collection of Hindu creations in it 's exhibit , three or four of them being masterpieces of architecture .	1
Funchal is less the sum of Ma ? ­ deira , though , than a gateway to the rest of the island , whose real charms begin in the hillsides just a few minutes outside of town .	The real attraction of the island is found in the hillsides .	1
uh kind of what i 'm but it 's at the other one my brother 's got a Miata and those are fun	The Miata my brother owns is the most fun car I 've ever driven .	1
A second inner pylon shows Ptolemy XIII paying homage to Isis who is flanked by her husband Osiris and Horus .	Ptolemy XIII never payed homage to Isis , who was never married .	2
Kofukuji temple was the first of the Zen Buddhist temples built by the Chinese ( 1620 ) after the Tokugawa shoguns had outlawed Christianity and ordered citizens to register as Buddhists .	The first of the Zen Buddhist temples contructed by the Chinese was called the Kofukuji temple .	0
The wonderful beaches along the western coast were , until recently , a secret , but they have now been discovered .	The wonderful beaches along the western coast are still a well kept secret .	2
Older remains lie scattered along the shoreline and in shallow water beyond the tidal reach .	Older remains lie scattered about the shoreline and in shallow water beyond the tidal reach .	0
do you think the US is going to wind up keeping uh military bases over there	Do you think the US will admit its mistakes about the invasion of Iraq ?	2
It also provided the perfect perch for transmitters when radio and TV came along .	The transmitters do not work for the TV .	2
That is , up to now .	Still .	2
And at last I know who it is ! " 194 Chapter 24 Julius Takes a Hand IN his suite at Claridge 's , Kramenin reclined on a couch and dictated to his secretary in sibilant Russian .	Kramenin only knew how to speak English .	2
you know back just even fifty years ago when people had had financial problems the fir st place they went to was their family and families took care of themselves and um	Families were more closely knit , half a century ago , more than they do today .	1
Novak goes against the flow to argue that Goldwater retarded the conservative movement by not finding room under his robes for the poor and the religious .	Novak argues Goldwater was the worst politician in modern times , retarding the conservative movement as a result .	1
besides that uh-huh yeah uh-huh	Other than that , everything is fine .	1
You 'll also see the vaulted remains of large arcaded asenali ( ship repair yards ) that serviced the Venetian fleet .	The ancient Venetian ship repair yards have been totally destroyed , with nothing remaining .	2
In 1988 , she began to practice immigration and nationality law at the firm of Fragomen , Del Rey and Bernsen , P.C.	She began practicing law many years ago .	1
yes but they probably live in a city also don 't they	I know for a fact that they live in the country .	2
Red is always coming home with pets of one sort or another .	Red is obsessed with giving shelter to lost pets .	1
A more Greek form of art is that of the icon .	The icon is a Greek form of art .	0
Second , the Slate 60 list does not attempt to weigh the merits of different charities .	The list ranks different charities based on success .	1
yeah uh never happy	He 's always happy .	2
i think my daughter talked to somebody in Carolina what is that is it a school up there that uh	My daughter talked to somebody in Carolina , it was weird .	1
Players strike the ball with their bare hands against walls , doors , and windows which are protected by grilles .	The game involves striking a ball with bare hands .	0
While small compared with the higher salaries companies often pay , this advantage may nonetheless influence the job choices of some employees , especially if they are frequent travelers .	Higher salaries influence job choices of potential employees .	1
There was a time not long ago when congressional hearings were designed to elicit information for members in order to help them draft legislation , recalls Reich ruefully .	Congressional hearings were better designed several years ago than they are now .	1
In some cases , modern buildings were erected in their place that are not admired today .	Some of the modern buildings that were erected in their place are not admired today .	0
Still , he could not break his vow of secrecy even in spirit without at least the excuse of personal insult .	He did not break his vow of secrecy .	0
a lot of it has to do from too much TV	Too much deodorant is the problem .	2
July 27 , it voted 27-11 to pass the first article of impeachment , which focused on obstruction of justice : paying hush money to the Watergate burglars , using the CIA to block the FBI 's Watergate investigation , lying to Congress and to investigators , and otherwise covering up crimes .	The first article of impeachment was voted down .	2
Also , there would be concern if monopoly power allowed certain products to have excessive prices .	Excessive prices would result in concerns .	0
Florida is one of just 11 states that provide no such funding whatever , so it 's to lawmakers ' credit that HB 491 / SB 512 have unanimously passed out of every House and Senate committee to date .	Florida is among the many states that have consistently provided funding .	2
John Chip Gray Jr . , the project director at South Brooklyn Legal Services , and at 59 a veteran of poverty law , said he likes to find lawyers in private practice willing to scale back .	This is because he wants lawyers to spend more time with clients .	1
London , Center for the Study of Industrial Innovation , 1972 .	Center for the Study on Sleep Deprivation , 1987 .	2
All the major towns have several shops with jackets , hats , boots , rain gear , etc .	None of the towns have apparel shops as tey all shop online .	2
Gauntlets are an Applied product .	You apply gauntlets .	0
Taking the waters in a slightly different there are two hot springs to choose from in the town .	One of the town 's hot springs is very hot , while the other is merely warm .	1
Well , let 's do some abstruse statistical research--by , say , buying a copy of the Economist and opening it to the last page , which each week conveniently offers tables summarizing economic data for a number of emerging economies .	The last page of the Economist shows summaries for data on mortality .	2
Now they 've got us flanked , they 're probably moving to find you . ' 	Since we 're flanked they 're probably looking for you .	0
The General Counsel to Indiana 's Chief Justice attended Mauricio Vivero 's presentation on Public Relations and Friday 's lunch .	Indiana 's Chief Justice hosted the Friday lunch .	2
You can visit the Temple Mount from Saturday through Thursday , but on Fridays ( the Muslim Sabbath ) and on major Islamic holidays , including the entire holy month of Ramadan , the Haram is closed to non-Muslims .	The Temple Mount is closed to non-Muslims during Ramadan .	0
The important question is not whether these stories are true	We don 't know if these stories are true , but that 's important .	0
yeah well have you been in the area very long	Has your friend been there long ?	2
2One source of information on best practices of leading companies is the 1999 Report and Recommendations of the Blue Ribbon Committee on Improving the Effectiveness of Corporate Audit Committees .	The 1999 Report and Recommendations of the Blue Ribbon Committee on Improving the Effectiveness of Corporate Audit Committees is a source of information on best practices .	0
The decor celebrates Florentine power Vasari frescoes of victories over Siena and Pisa and Michelangelo 's Victory statue .	Michelangelo 's Victory statue is the most prominent work within the decor .	1
we 're talking about fishing today daddy	Let 's stick to fishing .	1
and but ours are all out of the nest so uh as when they were growing up i probably we had a lot of similar things like like you had	Our kids have left the house .	0
Death Row was run more like a criminal operation than a real business , with huge , suspicious cash payments ; shoddy accounting ; and management by intimidation .	For all it 's flaws , Death Row 's accounting was flawless and completely by the books .	2
When you 've heard the president preposterously accused of murder so often , you just yawn when he 's accused of rape .	You just yawn when you hear that the president is accused of rape , but eventually you will care .	1
An attorney whose client had to travel to Mexico to attend her father 's funeral , for example , would have to withdraw from the case during the client 's absence .	The attorney can 't withdraw from the case even if the client is missing .	2
He taught him how to reset the flint and clean the barrel .	He showed the boy how to clean the barrel .	0
And Malaysia offers a showcase of festivals of events and festivities throughout the year as well .	There are very few events held in Malaysia .	2
yeah it 's uh you know right now they 're robbing from it to pad the federal deficit	There is no federal deficit .	2
But she said any complicated issues relating to divorce , child custody , and child support are typically heard in probate court , and for those matters , we really need legal representation for our clients .	Child support accounting for over 50 percent of the probate court 's case load .	1
yeah i i i know one that 's still that way but that 's about it i 'm down to one friend that holds that position still i 'm the only one home right now and i i have the kids clamoring for my attention now so i understand what that 's like	i used to have many friends who held that position	1
Sculptures have been plastered over , but the Indian carving remains .	The sculptures have absolutely no carvings under the plaster .	2
Both provide ringside seats for the lively street theater of mimes and musicians , who pass the hat , and the neighborhood eccentrics , who provide entertainment for free .	Entertainment is provided here for free , and this place is home to mimes and musicians .	0
The program focused less attention on the human factors that contribute to marine safety .	The program puts all its attention on the human factors in marine safety .	2
and i get mail	I don 't get any mail at all .	2
Only 15 of us are waiting inside the courthouse .	The courthouse is filled with 15 people .	0
Thank you . Tuppence felt a terrific rise in her spirits .	Tupperence felt worse at the end of this interaction .	2
As old some would say historically significant buildings or resorts succumb to the pressures of age , design , or simple decline of attendance ( and therefore value ) , the law of the city takes over .	There is no place for the law of the city because the old buildings are preserved indefinitely .	2
( Serbia also tried to ally with Israel over their shared enmity with Muslims . )	With their shared animosity toward Muslims , Serbia and Israel once tried to ally .	1
Kells , he ought t ' have them vittles put together right ' bout now .	Let 's go eat what Kells made .	1
Therefore , the similar pieces which are not workshared , and are not getting the discount of 6.0a , are paying a price of 6.0a + 27 .	the identical pieces that are not workshared are not discounted more than 25 %	1
She felt rather than saw Julius throw a sideways glance at her .	She watched carefully as Julius glanced at her .	2
Next to the weaving center , acrosenarrow Ramsey Street , are the Outlook Tower and its camera obscura , set high above the tenement chimneystacks .	The Outlook Tower is higher than many of its surrounding buildings .	0
You are then free to explore the magic of Hollywood in attractions such as Jurassic The Ride , a water ride with a big bite ; Backdraft , a firestorm of special effects ; and the ever-popular Back to the Future motion-simulator ride that sends you rocketing through avalanches , molten volcanoes , and the jaws of a dinosaur .	There are several Hollywood attractions available in including a Back to the Future simulator .	0
In its heyday from the 11th to the 13th centuries , Pisa created a powerful maritime empire down the Tyrrhenian coast and in Corsica , Sardinia , Sicily , Syria , Palestine , and Egypt .	Pisa created an empire that extended to Egypt , Syria , and other countries .	0
His excuse was an obviously trumped up one .	He didn 't want to attend and lied about it .	1
Ca 'daan nodded .	Ca 'daan nodded his head in agreement .	1
all kind of weather from the Atlantic Ocean you know and that drives our weather nutsy sometimes we 'll get the clouds and the wind coming the right way and the storms will just pour in moisture and pump anything from snow to rain depending on the temperature you know	The weather that we get is mostly from Atlantic Ocean	0
Makes me laugh .	Makes me cringe .	2
Twenty-four terms is enough for anyone .	No one should go beyond twenty-four terms .	1
For example , one state government CIO organization that we studied experienced a 22 percent turnover in IT professionals .	In our investigation we found at least one CIO organization that recorded an IT turnover rate of 22 % .	0
and even even some of the rare coins that a lot of people have never even seen like um like two cent pieces	Everybody has seen a two cent piece before .	2
oh Jagged Edge Jagged Edge was a suspenseful one or uh Fatal Attraction	Jagged Edge was an animated Disney film like Frozen .	2
A national apology for slavery would be hollow and facile , but America should erect a slavery memorial on the Mall .	A token national apology for slavery might even be considered insulting to the descendants of slaves .	1
C. Departures from the United States of Eligible Aliens	This section relates to non-US citizens	1
excuse me Verna for just a second can you hang on just a second okay	Verna , please keep talking .	2
you know and then uh my uh husband was with them at night	I was not with my husband last night .	1
LEETLE GIRLS .	The girls are small .	0
On the north side of Les Halles , another monument of the Renais ? ­ sance period , although decidedly Gothic in silhouette , is the church of Saint-Eustache , remarkable for its beautiful stained-glass windows over the choir .	The stained-glass windows of Saint-Eustache church are opposite the choir .	2
On the campus of the University of Malaysia is the Asian Art Museum , with exhibits of sculptures and textiles from within the region .	Only students can visit the Asian Art Museum located on the campus of the University of Malaysia .	1
The problem , though , is that the ADR phenomenon has created a situation where U.S. investors are pouring billions of dollars into companies whose standards of financial disclosure and corporate governance are dramatically different from our own and which are , in some cases , nonexistent .	The United States investors sink money only into companies with strict policies on providing information on their finances .	2
The fundamental principles of these two documents can be summarized as ( a ) legal services providers must be client-centered , i.e. , activities must be conceived and carried out in service and in concert with the populations that are being served ; ( b ) legal services providers must strive to ensure the highest and best use of all available resources within the state of Washington and available to the statewide access to justice network ; and ( c ) legal services providers have a special responsibility to ensure that no population or client group is written out of the justice system based on perceived political unacceptability or controversy .	The two documents , each over 100 pages long , lay out certain guidelines for provision of legal services .	1
Some changes , including eliminating pay differences between attorneys as well as staff support members across the state and technology training , could be two years in the making , Hall said .	Hall said that there was no plan to ever equalize pay rates across the state .	2
A journey to Perakiaakes the traveler into what once was the key region for Malaysia 's economic proserity , standing as a lure to powerful states and interests as well as ( mostly Chinese ) migrant workers .	It was a lure to many weaker states , like the Chinese .	2
that was pretty good but the weather here in New England like like they say if you don 't like it too well well just stick around a little bit and and it it will change up and give you something that you may like worse or like more it all depends on on Mother Nature 's kind of fickle up this way i guess	It is hard to tell what kind of weather Mother Nature will give you .	0
Supposing my utmost ambitions were realized that I was called to the bar , and rose to the height of my profession ?	I would be incredibly happy if I was called to the bar .	1
To the south of the palace are the green landscapes of Holyrood Park , including the volcanic peak known as Arthur 's Seat .	Holyrood Park is just a spot in the desert .	2
Also , a George Stephanopoulos essay urges Clinton to step forward and tell us everything about his relationship with Monica Lewinsky .	A certain essay implores Clinton to explain his relationship with Lewinsky .	0
It organized the best practices into five categories related to ( 1 ) the role of the owner , ( 2 ) teamwork and collaboration , ( 3 ) advance planning , ( 4 ) process , and ( 5 ) benchmarking .	The best practices have been organized into five categories .	0
It should be noted also that no clients were involved in this event .	The event included many clients .	2
But see at least one before you pass judgement on this extraordinary institution .	Make you judgement on the institution before visiting one .	2
It would do that other thing--succeed .	It would succeed .	1
well maybe that 'll allow me to outweigh some of the things i have to pick up on occasion	Maybe that will make me less heavy that the things I have to pick up .	2
Who would have thought it ? " Tommy still stood rooted to the ground .	No one expected Tommy to remain standing .	0
Johnson encouraged Kennedy to run and promised to do whatever he could to help him .	Johnson told Kennedy he would support him .	0
While this total is nominally a slight reduction from the 1,038,714 reported for 1999 , it is actually an increase because LSC had to adjust the 1999 total downward to 924,000 cases to take account of the high error rate .	There were no errors made in 1999 .	2
The CIOs themselves must meet the challenges of building credible organizations , and developing and organizing information management capabilities to meet agency mission needs .	The agency mission has many requirements left unmet .	1
The training was structured to allow participants to subsequently train colleagues who did not attend the sessions .	The training forbid participants to train colleagues who weren 't at the sessions .	2
The palace was almost totally destroyed in the air raids of World War II , then rebuilt in ferroconcrete .	The Imperial Palace only just survived the air raids of World War II .	0
yeah yeah they 're not going to change that to meters it will always be	They 're not going to change to meters because they like measuring things in feet and inches , it 's an american thing .	1
but see now they they would be out of his system but if he was to be tested	The drugs would still be in his body if they tested him .	2
um-hum and then when you don 't for some reason you feel real lethargic	When you do you feel like poop .	2
the cat was always happy	The feline was happy all the time .	0
Before she reached it , the door opened to show a dull clod , entirely naked , holding up a heavy weight of nothing .	A naked clod holding a heavy weight was behind the door .	0
yeah they they 're always branded you know as a bunch of outlaws and if their if their	They are usually called outlaws .	0
Didn 't see Johnny round here agin till last fall when he came ridin ' in lookin ' mighty beat out an ' down in th ' mouth .	Johnny looked really good when he came here last summer .	2
yeah but no but see the thing when Panama was uh the that uh Noriega was uh	I don 't know for sure how Panama was .	1
Houston is really humid now	Houston is currently humid .	0
because i don 't think they build them as energy efficient down here as they do up in the north i just really don 't	They are more efficient down here than in the north .	2
General control applies to all information systems-mainframe , minicomputer , network , and end-user environments .	Mainframe computers are a part of most information systems .	1
Here 's where the debate enters the diplomatic arena .	This is where the debate turns into the diplomatic issues .	0
Well , I grumbled , a little mollified .	I wanted to shout loudly .	1
Next , he examined the framework of the door we had broken in , assuring himself that the bolt had really been shot .	The framework of the door that we broke was examined by him , and he told himself that the bolt really was shot .	0
I forgot to ask .	I will ask later .	1
Before being given the crosein the courtyard , Jesus was presented to the people by Pilate , who said Behold the man !	Pilate thought that people would want to see Jesus being punished .	1
One of Topham 's dark eyebrows , so in contrast to his silvery hair , slid up inquiringly , and he grinned at Drew 's involuntary but emphatic nod .	Topham 's hair had been brown before it turned silver .	1
It was late afternoon and the red sun hung behind the Old One .	The sun exploded and caught the Old One on fire .	2
HUD received the approval from OMB on June 10 , 1996 and no changes were made .	OMB sent approval to HUD .	0
The name came swimming through utter blackness , sucking at him , pulling him together out of nothingness .	The name was very unexpected .	0
A Notice of Proposed Rulemaking was published in the Federal Register on April 18 , 1996 ( 61 Fed .	There was a notice of rulemaking for public companies .	1
Look , Slim , we can 't start acting suspicious or they 're going to start investigating .	If they start investigating , we will get into a lot of trouble .	1
In the background , a tuba started playing .	An instrument was playing in the background .	0
The book is said to display Leonard 's usual flair for characters and capers ( Henry Louis Gates , The New Yorker ) and period detail .	The book is said to be a horrendous work of filth .	2
on the refund yeah Alabama did that too and i always thought well this is pretty nifty you taxed me when i made the money the feds	Alabama also did that with the refund .	0
The technical verification of the ability of a proposed	The technical disqualification of the proposed ability .	2
However , the need for good internal control continues to exist .	the need for good internal control continues to exist .	0
I really do not think we need trouble you further on that point .	We really need to dig deep and get more from you on this .	2
young man who uh who 's a family they go to our church and it 's the son and so on and he was friends with my children	A family in my church has a son that 's friends with my kids .	0
uh if this would be a voluntary thing or a mandatory	If everyone would be required to participate .	1
I wonder who ' they'	i am curious about the other .	0
You 'll find that prices are about the same in Hong Kong Central and Kowloon , and somewhat cheaper in Causeway Bay , which caters to local shopping .	Prices are more expensive in Hong Kong because of the tourists .	1
Jon glanced at Adrin and saw his pale face .	Adrin is sick .	1
In October 1865 at Morant Bay , there was another uprising , led by Baptist minister Paul Bogle and by George Gordon , a mulatto ( mixed-race ) landowner .	The uprising at Morant Bay was led by Paul Bogle and George Gordon .	0
But linking competition to state planning has expanded the impact of both of these initiatives in powerful ways that we were not able to envision in 1998 .	Linking competition to state planning expanded the impact of both initiatives .	0
A little of his concern over Shadow eased .	The concern he had for Shadow lessened .	0
Any man what fought for th ' Confederacy ain 't got any rights .	Men who fought for the Confederacy have lots of rights .	2
But the absence of workaday and historical detail keeps the reader at a distance	There is so much historical detail in the story !	2
Sure , that 's all right , said Julius .	Julius is ok with whatever is about to happen .	0
yeah uh you know that 's a good way to approach it i 've never thought about um i do plan my clothes a week in advance actually i plan them a month in advance i usually do a month at a time so i don 't repeat an outfit	I never plan my outfits ahead of time .	2
He disputes that the ads played a role in the current scandal .	He said that the ads certainly play a role in current scandals .	2
That is , for the first three types of case studies ( illustrative , exploratory , and critical instances ) generalizability , if needed , cannot be achieved unless they are combined with other methods .	Generaizability is the end goal in the first three types of case studies .	1
Jeff Rutherford , Trylon Communications ( 212 ) 725-2295 jeffru @ tryloncommunications.com	Jeff Rutherford just got fired from Trylon so his contacts are not working anymore .	2
The Merry Monarch	The name was The Merry Monarch	0
And he has said he wouldn 't want to coach a team of youngsters .	Would he prefer to coach a team of seasoned professionals ?	1
A monotonic series is one whose every term is greater than ( less than ) or equal to the previous term .	A monotonic series has terms that increase by at least 1 % each time .	1
Half the pleasure of this lovely town dramatically perched on a rocky precipice is a first glimpse of it from afar ( not so very different today from Turner 's 1828 painting in London 's Tate Gallery ) .	The town was built at the foot of a mountain and is not worth looking at from a distance .	2
The Kal swung and then pulled back to butt Adrin with the end of his war club 's handle .	The Kal didn 't want to injure Adrin , but just control him .	1
and one for glass and then you can either bundle your newspapers or put them in grocery bags so we have we leave three little piles of things out on the curb every Thursday and the garbage men come by and	When the garbage men come by they find the piles of stuff we 've left out for them .	0
He doesn 't want a powerful civilian ready to face up to him all the time .	He wants powerful civilians to be able to face him .	2
Inland settlements offer fascinating insights into life in bygone ages .	Life in bygone ages is being uncovered through the study of inland settlements .	0
and uh they they have designated smoking but it 's just wide open it 's not ventilated properly and i think that 's bad but as far as the drugs you know being in the factory kind of environment that way	The smoking area has the right amount of ventilation .	2
Only one son had survived to tell of the disaster .	The man lived to tell about the event .	0
Ca 'daan spoke of the bandit tribes in the barrens and , as well as they had done against the slavers , Jon had no desire for further battle .	Jon didn 't want to fight anymore .	0
While on a second expedition to colonize Florida , in 1521 , Ponce de Leen was critically wounded during an attack by Indians ; the explorer hoped to return Puerto Rico but lost his fight for life on the way back , in Havana , Cuba .	Ponce de Leen lost his life in battle in Florida .	2
The engineers we have are snatched from Duality just after dying and revived here while their brains still retain their knowledge .	The engineers ' brains retained their knowledge .	0
The most impressive and important are listed below .	There is no list .	2
He did not talk of his sword or his skills .	He didn 't speak about his skills or his blade .	0
Alexander Payne 's caustic comedy tells the story of a high-school election from four different perspectives--none of them remotely rational .	Alexander Payne 's comedy is irrational and caustic , being about four versions of a date between two boys .	2
oh so they really like that sort of stuff then	They used to hate that kind of thing .	1
And in Rosenberger , the fact that student newspapers expressed many different points of view was an important foundation for the Court 's decision to invalidate viewpoint-based restrictions .	Student newspapers had lots of points of view .	0
As a result , the Coast Guard shifted its resources and realigned its processes away from inspections and toward other efforts to reduce marine casualties .	The Coast Guard has been inactive all year .	2
As you approach St. Giles Cathedral , the Royal Mile becomes High Street .	You should not approach St. Giles Cathedral .	2
Soon Spain found itself the recipient of immense wealth in the form of gold and silver , and the Spanish rulers , eager for more , turned their attention away from the Mediterranean and Ibiza towards both the New World and the heart of Europe , where Spanish ambitions rapidly expanded .	Spain was one of the first countries to go to the New World .	1
Note the sundial at the center top of the archway .	The sundial makes shadows on the ground to tell time .	1
Case hired George Vradenburg , a high-powered lobbyist , to represent AOL on the Hill .	With George Vradenburg representing AOL on the Hill , AOL will most likely win the case .	1
The time required to review related information and perform initial testing will vary , depending on the engagement and the amount of risk involved .	It will always take the exact same amount of time to review related information and perform initial testing .	2
We are all corrupted .	We are all corrupted .	0
The number of performed procedures grew at a never-before seen pace , and a trend for an IQ higher than 180 lasted several years .	No one thought it was okay to have procedures to alter their intelligence .	2
so what do you think uh do you know any people from Puerto Rico	Do you know anyone from Russia ?	2
The Falcons were 3-13 two years ago and are inspired by their coach , Dan Reeves , who had quadruple bypass surgery a month ago .	Dan Reeves , the Falcons coach , had quadruple bypass surgery a month ago .	0
well see um and i worked for a steel mill the past two summers	I worked as dumb labor in a steel mill to pay for school .	1
Olives and olive oil are obvious choices to take home .	Most people like olives and olive oil .	1
When the ED is essentially making up for the failures of primary care , perhaps focusing on the ED for interventions is not the most strategic approach .	The most strategic approach may not be to use ED for primary care failures .	0
Revenue is recognized as nonexchange revenue by the entity that is legally entitled to use the revenue or to use the property itself .	Entities are never legally entitled to use revenue .	2
i i i know uh how how did Jessie Helms get reelected that 's that 's what i want to know	How did Jessie Helms lose the election ?	2
The problem , he said , was the embargo .	The embargo didn 't cause any issues .	2
He didn 't die until 1955 .	He expired in 1955 .	0
and they just raised the minimum wage today but that 's not like you know	They increased the minimum wage today .	0
yeah um i think you have to push one and then we can start recording it	To start recording you need to press 1 , then press number two to hear what we recorded .	1
" I think the captain will agree there are no prisoners , " Topham said .	The captain knew that there really were some prisoners .	1
Parque Casa de Campo is another former royal preserve , forested by Felipe II in 1559 .	The preserve was marginally planned as a hunting locations for game animals such as elk and rabbits .	1
In the meantime , Albright had promoted the United Nations ' disastrous Safe Havens policy , which placed masses of unarmed Bosnian civilians under the protection of minuscule numbers of U.N. ( but no U.S. ) troops--that is , left them at the mercy of Serb paramilitaries , who systematically set about driving them from their homes and killing them .	There was more than enough troops for protecting the Bosnians .	2
That golden head with its tossing crown of black forelock ; it was slipping back !	That golden head was moving farther and farther away .	2
However , a 60 day period was afforded for comments to be submitted on the interim rules , which period was reopened on August 7 , 1995 and extended to August 18 , 1995 .	There was no additional comment period after the initial 60 day one .	2
If the fair value of the PP and E acquired is more readily determinable than that of the PP and E surrendered , the cost is the fair value of the PP and E acquired .	There is some confusion about the PP and E valuation .	1
The sunset reflection of the twin pagodas of Yakushiji in a nearby lake is one of Japan 's most striking and visually poetic images .	Many famous photos have been taken of this .	1
oh yeah it was it was utterly amazing i mean we we would um we got up in the morning you know um we didn 't we you you didn 't sleep very well because every all all around you there were crashing sounds and and there were sounds of things breaking and you know you look you know we at one point we woke up to the sound of the uh the electric lines being ripped off our house and and things like that and then you go outside and everything is covered in ice i mean um you 're talking about the lawn before being too mushy to mow um in our case it was just the opposite i mean the lawn was just a solid sheet of ice each blade of grass had a small individual covering of ice you know um maybe you know two or three millimeters thick but thick enough that you could actually see it my car was covered completely in ice it was in ice of about a half inch thick at one point	The ice storm is causing damage and ice to everything .	1
The southern coastline of Jamaica has so far resisted the pressure from developers , partly because it has few main roads .	The southern coastline of Jamaica only has a few main roads .	0
uh capital murder or something like that that it may be different	Capital murder , or something in the likes .	0
When the boy held his arm out , a gesture he must have learned about in tales of knightly courtship , she took it .	The boy stuck his arm out for the lady to grab .	1
Morris is more of an idiot savant .	Morris is a learned idiot .	0
Again the mare voiced her complaint , and the rider turned to the gentleman .	Her rider turned to the gentleman , after the mare voiced her complaint again .	0
The busy path running alongside the beach to Venice is a coveted track for bicyclists and rollerbladers , who either bring their own gear or rent from the numerous establishments nearby .	The path to Venice is a skateboards only area .	2
The Vikings also introduced coinage and better ship-building techniques .	The Vikings introduced better techniques for ship-building but not coinage .	2
Over the centuries , the living here has always been easy enough to attract a steady stream of immigrants .	The easy living is due to the low cost of living .	1
and and that 's it i mean i i don 't need anything else now	I do not need anything else now .	0
Today , pseudo-scientific theories about the origin and purpose of the pyramids fill the stands of bookshops and the listings on documentary channels .	Documentary channels and bookshop stands are filled with theories about the pyramids .	0
The rule was determined to be an economically significant regulatory action under Executive Order No .	The Executive order comes from the President of The United States of America .	1
so what you try take a vacation every year and go out and camp	So what you never go on vacation ?	2
Critics mostly applaud this movie about a female necrophiliac who works in a funeral home .	The critics particularly like the movie which was set in rural Ohio .	1
We don 't get to make superman--we have to find him first .	We can 't ust make a superman , we have to look around the world to find him and teach him .	1
Other industries requiring boilermaker labor include refinery ( 13 percent ) , chemical ( 6 percent ) , paper ( 7 percent ) , and metals ( 6 percent ) .	No other industries require boilermaker labor .	2
yeah and and you 've got to go over there and try it and i suppose you know i need a larger one i need a smaller one i mean obviously you can look at it and say well anyway i think the other thing that 's interesting is that a lot of our stuff is already changed that we haven 't i don 't know do you do you drink adult beverages	When you go over there you sometimes say that you need a large one or a smaller one .	0
Egon The Leopold Collection , Vienna ( Museum of Modern Art , New York City ) .	The Museum of Modern Art is in Boston .	2
Yes it was the place in Soho where Mr. Beresford was imprisoned .	That 's right Mr. Beresford was jailed in Soho .	0
But I sure hope not .	I sincerely hope so .	2
He wasn 't particularly surprised .	He had expected something like this to happen .	0
had almost 50 for one second-round game--but skimp a little on photos and gizmos .	Had about 50 for one second-round game	0
Ca 'daan released a breath he didn 't realize he held .	Ca 'daan was very tense .	1
The highlight of Wild Water Wilderness is Bigfoot Rapids , a whitewater river ride .	Bigfoot Rapids is a dark track ride .	2
This was not an entirely new idea .	The idea is overdone .	1
yeah Ninja Turtles got to have those	Need to have the Ninja Turtles .	0
Rogers was an enthusiastic horseman and an experienced polo player .	Rogers was a poor horseman and an even worse polo player .	2
Four lesser conspirators were convicted in 1994 ; another suspect escaped , probably to Iraq .	No conspirators have ever been caught and convicted .	2
You 'll be able to spend the day relaxing without being hassled .	Relaxing would not be an option for the day .	2
Sensualists have sex without orgasm on purpose , she writes of all those candle-loving , body-oil-bearing himbos .	Sensualists want to orgasm during sex .	2
but uh other changes um just people seem to be more outspoken now individually rather than collectively um back in the seventies we had uh a lot of uh protests against the war and uh bring our troops home and things were more organized	Way back in the 70s , we had a lot more organization with our protests .	0
In no significant way does that comment differ from a no comment .	Saying " Pass " is the same as " no comment . "	1
Just a short walk down the hill is the Jardim Orqudea ( Pregetter 's Orchid Garden ) .	The Jardim Orqudea could be found near the hill .	0
you basically can take care of everything yourself	There isn 't much to do so you can do everything yourself .	1
In some Muslim societies , adulterers are still stoned to death .	Getting stoned to death doesn 't happen anymore in any type of society .	2
Red frowned .	Red smiled .	2
Our little corner in the Caribbean crows the publicity from Paris .	The publicity from Paris is crowed as it is much cheaper elsewhere .	1
Across from the library is the 73-story Library Tower , ( an office building ) , the tallest building on the West Coast , designed by I. M. Pei .	The library is located on the top of the 73-story tower .	2
Internal control should be recognized as an integral part of each system that management uses to regulate and guide its operations rather than as a separate system within an agency .	Internal control should be considered as a separate part of the agency .	2
yeah i mean when you described it it sounded like something you know that would be around i guess but i 've never heard of it before and it 's really interesting um i guess i 've decorated baskets and stuff before in the past but i 've kind of gotten out of that i use to do a lot more and sell at craft shows	I 've never done any crafts before , but I would like to try .	2
no i never have uh no vegetable gardens uh used to have that when i lived with my folks up in Wisconsin they always grew a lot of vegetables	I have a huge vegetable garden for the first time ever .	2
so you 've got thousands of dollars or so i mean you get a thousand dollars worth of tools	Free tools are a major draw to most people .	1
I 'm sure we all did the best we could , although many participants , absorbed with the idea of burning heretics , seem to have confused the C of E with the RC , so let 's all reread Barchester Towers and study up on the Gordon riots , with our trousers down around our ankles .	Participants were not absorbed with the idea of burning heretics .	2
The Deutsche Post annual report provides the total number of full time equivalents involved in postal operations and the Poste Italiane document provides the number involved in delivery operations .	The Deutsche Post annual report and Poste Italiane document do not store information regarding their employees .	2
we 've got an electric pump that hooks into the cigarette lighter	The electric pump we have helps us blow up air mattresses .	1
The preamble points out that the number of responses and burden hours associated with the collections are greatly reduced because of the streamlined procedures now available to bank holding companies under the final rule .	The number of responses and burden hours are less now .	0
My hunch is that Oprah will win over even the cattlemen , eventually .	I don 't think Oprah will never win ranchers over .	2
evaluation question presented ?	The question about evaluation .	0
you know i hated everything at the time i just hated Mexican food i 'd i 'd love to go to some place like that now where it 's you know a real Mexican restaurant and see if i like it	I love Italian food and I want to eat it all the time .	1
" ' Tis obviously not a thing of reason , " Garm told him severely .	Garm told him that it was obviously not a thing of reason , adding significant emphasis to the word ' reason ' .	1
Joalle Toledano	Joalle Toledano is a person .	0
Jon had felt it when they had all joked before the battle of the things they would do to the young Voth women afterward .	Jon is promiscuous .	1
My I get insomnia , so I was excited about melatonin .	Melatonin excited me because it will cure my insomnia .	1
3 ) So when will he lay out his positions ?	They were hoping he would speak soon .	1
We know that Sullivan believes in him ( her ?	Sullivan believes he may have met him in recent years .	1
This is necessary not only for the budget resolution and appropriations process , but also for tracking budget execution and for accountability to Congress .	Accountability to Congress is one of the reasons why this is a necessary step .	0
In the end , it seems , Mother Nature is just another welfare mom , ruining homes and taking billions of tax dollars to do it .	Mother Nature gives a lot of tax money .	2
Caleng itself a Noah 's ark for owls , the Owl Centre hosts a bird flight event every afternoon at 2 : 30 .	The Owl Centre depended on income from visiting tourists and investors .	1
They caught up with me in Salvora .	I ran away to Salvora to stay safe .	1
The existing emission rate limitations for individual boilers , which are based on boiler type , are not changed .	New boilers have limits of 330 ppu .	1
He was met by a scowl .	He was not welcomed because they did not want him there .	1
the two little cars i 've got now bought a Mitsubishi Mirage here a couple years ago and and it was normally carbureted and it 's fairly easy to work with because there 's not just a whole lot in it to go wrong and you know changing the plugs and stuff	I love the Mirage I bought but I 've always bought Mitsubishis .	1
( Putz is a Yiddish insult that literally means penis but in common usage means fool .	Puts in Yiddish means penis and fool , said the translator .	1
None of the three major prescription antihistamines ( Allegra , Claritin , Zyrtec ) seems to be consistently more effective than the others .	The prescription antihistamines all seem to be about the same in treating seasonal allergies .	1
For people and for the nation , saving means forgoing consumption today so they can enjoy a better standard of living in the future .	Saving means forgoing consumption today so they can enjoy better cinemas in the future .	1
What remains for most people the ultimate monument was a resounding success right from the start .	Remaining for some people the ultimate testament of time was a great failure since the very start .	2
Were her denials intended primarily for the listeners ?	A question is asked of the purpose of her denials .	0
Richelieu 's protege Mazarin , another cardinal , took over the job of prime minister during the minority of Louis XIV .	Cardinal Mazarin was the prime minister during the majority of Louis XV .	2
The hole beneath the altar is traditionally considered the exact spot where the crosewas erected .	The church has recently been trying to drum up a faux-legend about it being the site of the crucifixion .	2
Under federal law , money for legal aid is distributed to the states based on the number of indigent residents .	The states decide who is to receive aid money and how much aid money .	2
And what is Chineseness ?	I do not understand what you mean by Chineseness .	1
oh that 's right i think now that i recall reading about it in the paper	The paper did not mention it at all , so I don 't know .	2
But if the value of the improved service is 1 cent per piece , then the gain from offering the discount is amplified to 1.2a.	The gain from offering the discount can be amplified to 1.2a if the value of the improved service is 1 cent per piece .	0
Thus , in 1998 , the Postal Service delivered 1.5 billion more pieces of advertising than non-advertising mail .	The Postal Service has delivered more pieces of advertising in 1998 according to this data	1
There 's also a 60-seat space-flight simulator .	The space-flight simulator has a 60 seat capacity .	0
Leonardo 's Annunciation ( 1472 1477 ) of a few years later already shows his characteristic gentle tone and feeling for precise detail , and the Adoration of the Magi , even as an underdrawing left unfinished by his departure for Milan ( 1481 ) , reveals his revolutionary power of psychological observation .	Leonardo 's work wasn 't very revolutionary and he was never very precise .	2
The Licchavi kings founded the city as Kantipur in the eighth century and laid the foundations of the Hanuman Dhoka Durbar , the palace which gives this area its name .	The Kantipur city was founded in the eighth century .	0
Here you will discover a commanding view of Kobe , Osaka , Awaji Island , and the Inland Sea .	The view of Awaji requires a clear day .	1
Do you understand now , monsieur ?	You understand now .	2
things are going to come to a point it 's going to probably get to such an extent where the average American citizen if they see a crime go down or a crime is happening against them they 're not going to worry about trying to get a policeman they 're not going to worry about it because they 're going to be packing their own heat and they 're going to take care of business themselves	People won 't need police .	0
Most large hotels have their own swimming pools .	Most hotels have their own pools , though some are just for adults and some might be very small .	1
Ideally , developing a cost model for the 20 plus industrial posts would involve collecting data on many individual cost elements from each and using regression analysis to estimate the coefficients of a cost function .	A cost model involves data collection using regression analysis to estimate coefficients .	0
The Kampung Kling Mosque , on Jalan Tokong ( 1748 ) , is built in the three-tiered Sumatran style with a pagoda-like minaret .	There is no mosque .	2
Shitennoji also hosts Osaka 's largest temple market on the 21st of each month , featuring antiques , used clothing , and miscellaneous items .	Osaka 's second largest temple market is in Shitennoji .	2
Standing at the base of the sacred causeway that once linked the pyramids to the Nileisthe Sphinx , the enigmatic depiction of Khephren with his head attached to a lion 's body .	The depiction of Khephren is long gone , taken from the base of the causeway .	2
Meanwhile he says of the All the eyes are on him .	He says he 's being ignored by the All .	2
The bulldozer was teetering at the edge of the cliff as he saw it , right above him .	He was in danger of being crushed by a bulldozer .	0
But now he was more intent on Anse 's needs .	Anse 's needs came before his own child 's needs .	1
Bottles of BBQ sauce exploded , coating my pursuers in sticky stuff .	My pursuers could no longer run , now that they were covered in the BBQ sauce .	1
Newsweek devotes the cover package to Mother Teresa , asking when she will be sainted .	Newsweek commemorates Mother Teresa in its publication .	0
Yes , he said quietly , " this is the ill-fated draft treaty ! "	He screamed about how ill-fated the treaty was .	2
I suppose they have very strong poisons there ? "	I guess they have some of the strongest poison at that store ?	1
The resorts offer excellent amenities for all types of water snorkeling , scuba diving , windsurfing , sailing , and water-skiing .	You can find a lot of water activities at the resort .	0
well now don 't forget the mail is something else again that has nothing they 're not civil servant people	Mailmen aren 't civil servants .	0
well yeah you work for TI uh they say that 's due to their work ethic now i don 't know if that 's true or not it just might be a matter of luck	It 's just blind luck that they ended up working where they do .	2
Look around you ; see for yourself .	If you look around , you 'll see that we are alone .	1
i didn 't know how to work the machine you know and it really scared me really bad because i thought all these people are going to laugh at me because i don 't know how to work this machine where if they 'd if they 'd had a class or something or just a short	I didn 't take the class to use the machine	1
3 Given this limitation , attention focuses on several obvious ( 1 ) Should worksharing discounts be offered ?	They ask if work sharing discounts should be an option .	0
7 billion contingency was unreasonable before the update , were absolutely certain that amount was unjustified given the incorporation of new cost data and shorter time frame for prognosticating .	It was unreasonable to have a contingency of 7 billion at any time but especially after 2002 .	1
While the city of Hollywood might once have had a glamorous reputation , for the past few decades the neighborhood , which stretches along the base of the northern hills emblazoned with the landmark Hollywood sign , has deteriorated like a faded movie star .	The city of Hollywood is now dark , dingy , and many business have closed down .	1
you feel like you are always having to defend yourself and and if you don 't then sometimes you feel like you 're looked down upon by people that go back to work and so you 're just wasting your time at home	You never have to defend yourself because people that go back to work wouldn 't dare look down upon you .	2
Two days later she began to receive phone calls from friends and acquaintances with praise for her incredibly creative wishes .	She was not worthy of the praise issued by her friends and acquaintances .	1
To Johnny , Drew could loom as a threat .	Drew was no threat to Johnny whatsoever .	2
Trieste acquired from Austria	They were taken from Austria .	0
Enter Old Cairo by the old Roman Gate the Romans established a fort here following their annexation of the country where you will find a concentration of Coptic churches and monasteries .	Old Cairo is reached through the old Roman Gate .	0
Impossible !	That isn 't possible !	0
we all lose out	It 's not worth it to all lose out .	1
The caves have been numbered from 1 to 29 , west to east .	The caves were first discovered in the late 1800s .	1
The erotica is probably best explained , however , along with Nepal 's ubiquitous Shiva lingams ( phalluses ) and the female yoni symbols , as an expression of the creative energy in male-female relations and the pleasure principles of Tantrism .	The erotica took over a century to write .	1
Capture of Design and Manufacturing Knowledge Early Enough57	Manufacturing Knowledge is very important to the success of the project .	1
At this time Edinburgh was still a very modest town , but David 's successor , Malcolm IV ( 1153 1165 ) , made its castle his main residence .	Malcolm the Fourth decided to make the castle in Edinburgh his main home .	0
For now you can turn back and away from the town .	You are not able to turn away from the town .	2
I never should have taken that swing at Brooke Shields . )	I regret taking that swing at Brooke Shields .	0
part time and so uh that it 's kind of a seasonal thing three times a year she 's really busy doing certain things based on that kind of business but the rest of the time she 's free	She 's free all year round and doesn 't do any work .	2
For example , one point that is sometimes overlooked is that low personal saving has consequences for U.S. reliance on foreign borrowing , long-term economic growth , and standards of living for future generations .	That low personal saving has no consequences for U.S	2
Certainly not .	No , not today .	1
But why should Bradley shut up about the Clinton-Gore fund-raising scandal ?	Why should Bradley keep quiet about the Clinton-Gore fund-raising scandal ?	0
the output 's really suffering and i think that 's you know that 's another indication that that we 're headed in the wrong direction	The work being churned out isn 't good which is a bad sign .	0
That 's it , said Tuppence .	Tuppence said , " That is it . "	0
Both firms allowed Zelon to focus on her private practice and do community service .	Zelon isn 't allowed to do community service while she has a private practice .	2
Had he attempted to take the brill back with him , he would be caught in the torrent for sure .	It was much stronger than he had thought it would be .	1
PSC assembled three volunteer companies to participate in our study .	The PSC did not assemble any companies to participate in our study .	2
Slim noticed all at once that the sun scarcely topped the low hills in the east , that the shadows were long and soft , and that the grass was wet .	The sun was high in the sky .	2
But in a separate story the paper also notes that a recent study shows that surviving a plane crash can profoundly improve one 's mental health .	There was a story about a specific kind of trauma improving mental health .	0
Grantees may also initiate representation of aliens in the unrestricted categories who are temporarily outside the United States , provided that they have been present sufficient to maintain and have not abandoned their residence or INA status .	Aliens must have their INA status for a minimum of 48 months to be represented .	1
However , I believe that additional actions by the board and AICPA management will be needed to restore trust and confidence in the Institute over the longer-term .	Trust and confidence in the Institute have been lost forever .	2
An initial analysis , to be prepared for a proposed rule , is to describe the impact of the proposed rule on such hospitals and include the matters required under 5 U.S.C.	An initial analysis is supposed to describe the impact of the proposed rule on the hospitals in terms of staffing levels .	1
However , WTP is generally considered to be a more readily measurable and conservative measure of benefits .	WTP is considered to be a wildly inaccurate way to measure benefits .	2
Or I might just have hit upon it by chance , continued Tuppence , intoxicated with the success of truthfulness .	Tuppence thinks he hit upon it by chance .	0
( It seems the operation can 't be shut down . )	The operation can 't be shut down without damaging the machines .	1
The river plays a central role in all visits to Paris .	The river is central to all vacations to Paris .	0
In Japan , Asahi Shimbun reported Wednesday that raccoons imported from the United States as pets have become an ecological and agricultural nightmare in Japan .	Pet raccoons from the U.S. has become popular in Japan .	1
However , the climate changed after the 1952 coup and today , though you can still discern the European feel of Alexandria , there is no doubt that it is an Egyptian city .	The climate changed after the 1492 coup and today , though you can still discern .	2
the good ole boys with the pickup and the rifle on the back and the quart of beer down your down between your legs driving down the road	The old boys enjoying a simple life in the country .	1
Newspapers hail Dole 's female followers as evidence that she can attract new voters to the GOP .	To newspapers Dole can attract new voters to the GOP .	0
that that 's right oh that 's a big thrill for them	They thought it was boring .	2
" Hey , Reese , th ' Old Man about ? " Shannon was in the doorway .	Shannon was asking Reese if the Old Man was there .	0
Ever since Seymour Hersh 's book came out detailing the raw side of Jack Kennedy and the dark side of Camelot , I 've been wondering what JFK did in today 's context that warrants an eternal flame at Arlington National Cemetery .	Seymour Hersh is still to release a book about Jack Kennedy and Camelot .	2
well it 's been very windy and it 's uh probably unseasonably hot for time right now	It is unusually warm right now .	0
This is too passive a stance .	This stance is too passive .	0
It houses a wide selection of shops and stalls as well as a pub and restaurant on the top floor .	The top floor has both a pub and a restaurant .	0
Request the Sportugal Golfing brochure from a Portuguese National Tourist Office ( see page 169 ) or pick up a copy of Algarve Golf Guide , with information on all of the courses and pro playing tips .	The only source of golf information is the local pros .	2
And it means Alabama won 't have a half-million dollars cut from its budget as had been expected .	There was never any question that Alabama wouldn 't have half a million dollars taken out of its budget .	2
As for me , I was literally dumb with astonishment .	I was astonshed .	0
He will join us , said Jon .	Jon said the man would join them .	0
In addition , the agency will require an authorized Mexican government official to certify that pork exported from Sonora	A Mexican government official will have to certify the pork .	0
you know like a spring that was put in incorrectly which could have resulted in brakes failing and me having an accident you know those kind of things and when you have a vehicle that 's being used by you know other members of your family you know you don 't want	When you have other family members taking the car , you want it to be safe for them , too .	0
On Feb. 22 , 1995 , Reich testified on the minimum wage before the Joint Economic Committee .	Reich spoke of the minimum wage on Febuary 22,2017 .	2
( Based on A Glossary Of Terms Used in the Federal Budget Process ; and Related Accounting , Economic , and Tax Terms , Third Edition , General Accounting Office , March 1981 . )	The Fourth Edition was published in March of 1981 .	2
With its sandy beaches and smart hotels , the Lido is as restful as any fashionable seaside resort .	The Lido is very far away from the sea .	2
I 've already made several suggestions in the package services	Many suggestions to the package services have yet to be made .	2
If such expectations are not realized and , for example , there is a sustained stock market downturn or an economic downturn , households may have to scale back their consumption .	No matter the situation in the stock market or the economy as a whole , households will always consume just as much .	2
But it had a sheltered harbor , protected from the monsoons by neighboring Sumatra .	The harbor was not protected by monsoons nor was it sheltered .	2
The fat man followed , apparently gaining back some of his courage .	He was too scared to take a step forward .	2
Woman , said Gauve .	Gauve said one word .	0
see he was a teammate with James Worthy and Michael Jordan	His teammates were James Worthy and Michael Jordan .	0
While Milliken himself shuns publicity , his role in backing these institutions has been fairly well reported .	Millken 's position in backing these institutions has been well documented .	0
It must act to replace all or most of the $ 2 .	I must do something to replace the $ 2 .	0
For the visitor , the most interesting observances are the modest old standbys generally the saint 's day of a sombre religious processions , often held by candle-light , folk music , a rash of quaint costumes .	The religious processions are held by the Catholic faithful .	1
yeah yeah and the one in Mesquite is um Scyene exit	I don 't know any of them in Mesquite .	2
yeah they civilians or uh military	There is no way they could be military .	2
Tolerance of the practice varies .	Tolerance of the practice differs .	0
An OPM Branch Chief who supervises the cross-trained claims processing team implemented a 360-degree feedback system for assessing both her and her team members ' performance .	The Branch Chief implemented a 360-degree feedback system .	0
DIVIDEND FUND INTEREST RATE - The interest rate determined at policy issuance used to determine the amount of the dividend fund .	The rates may change throughout the year .	1
The Romans were active worshippers at Philae even adding their own touches .	The Romans were not known to be worshippers .	2
With such a distribution , representative in terms of unfiled rates would sensibly mean at the low ( 1 and less than 1 percent ) , lower middle ( 2 and 3 percent ) , upper middle ( 4 , 5 , and 6 percent ) , and high ( 9 , 10 , and 15 percent ) points .	This distribution would sensibly mean at the very low points .	2
In 1992 , when construction of the airport on Chek Lap Kok was begun , a 2,000-year-old village , Pak Mong , was discovered , complete with artifacts that indicated a sophisticated rural society .	The airport in Chek Lap Kok was begun , and it would cost $ 4 billion .	1
I loved you that first moment in the car when the bullet grazed your cheek … . Five minutes later Jane murmured softly : " I don 't know London very well , Julius , but is it such a very long way from the Savoy to the Ritz ? "	" Is there a huge distance between the Savoy and the Ritz ? "	0
It occasionally puts on English-language performances .	There are performances in English from time to time .	0
She put off her project until the early hours of the morning as being safer , since the servants were accustomed to hearing her move about her room at that time .	The servants had served her family for almost her entire life .	1
But once you begin to look underneath this initial veneer of a do-nothing-in-the-tropics holiday , it 's like peeling the layers of an onion .	There are more layers to an onion than there are of a topical holiday .	1
If certain pertinent information is prohibited from general disclosure , the audit report should state the nature of the information omitted and the requirement that makes the omission necessary .	The nature of certain omitted information should be stated in the audit report ,	0
so that 's a big concern if you live there is to really lock your car up	There are no major worries if you live there , it 's completely safe .	2
Industry could not exist without them , even in an atomic age .	Industry could operate well without them , even in an atomic age .	2
With the combination of higher prices and improved efficiency , total expenditures for electricity consumption in 2015 are projected to increase by about 17 % to 39 % , depending on the scenario .	Electricity companies are looking forward to a strong 2015 as a result .	1
They 're both proud of my underdog work .	They hate all my work and scorn me for continuing with it .	2
We need your services . " " What do you want ? " Dave asked .	" What are you asking of me ? " Dave said , reluctant to help them .	1
um you know simple things from the amount of medicine they should take to how fast they can drive and you know how far away something is and	There are a lot of small things that one would need to learn for using the metric system .	1
But the most affecting act is the kaddish , the statement of mourning that a son says on the death of his father .	When a man 's father dies , he says the kaddish .	0
The swing door is in the left wing , is it not ?	I 'm positive that the swing door is in the right wing .	2
This was my first .	This was my last .	2
The dinosaurs were still going at it- circling around , tearing at the flanks .	The dinosaurs continued tearing the flanks of skin off the dog .	1
They have a spout-like whistle , and rather phallic versions are grounded in fertility lore .	They are censored , so there is nothing phallic about them .	2
The Covenanters , as they were called , at first sided with Oliver Cromwell 's Parliamentarians in the civil war that had erupted across the border .	The Covernanters later left Oliver Cromwell 's side during the war .	0
The final rule adopts respiratory protection standards applying to general industry , construction , shipyard , longshoring , and marine terminal workplaces .	No workplace respiratory protection standards have been adopted .	2
But the latest census figures and an influx of grant money convinced center staff members that the time had come to begin the program .	Over $ 1 million was available to fund the program .	1
Got no use for the family feud business .	He hated family feuds .	1
Emanating from Bob Dole 's new , souped-up prostate .	Bob Dole had prostrate surgery recently .	1
and he 's got a got a lathe and all kinds he 's got a shop full of equipment and they uh he turns turns out bowls and vases	He doesn 't make anything in his workshop .	2
Value-added activities should physically change the product or service in a manner that meets customer expectations .	Value-added activities should fulfill customer expectations .	0
A combination of Jamaican , American , and Mexican cuisine served in a cliff-top setting .	There is Jamaican and American food served for every meal .	1
Its hanging gardens of exotic flowers and palm trees and mesmerizing views were the inspiration for Richard Wagner in 1880 and that of his last opera , Parsifal .	Richard Wagner 's 1880 opera , Parsifal , was the best opera he ever created .	1
An imperious wave of his hand drove us all to the door .	He wanted us to leave , so we walked towards the door at the wave of his hand .	1
uh-huh uh-huh yeah sometimes i i get them on my uh answering machine at home so and i hate that when i 've got a whole bunch of messages and i go through them and most of them aren 't from anybody at all	I don 't save most of the messages on my answering machine .	1
Good manners can be cultivated .	It is possible to cultivate good manners .	0
i don 't know how they can let a neighborhood or apartment complex that 's what happened that 's what 's wrong you know	The neighborhood or apartment isn 't right .	1
The nearby towns of Montalcino ( known for its Brunello wines ) and Pienza ( the first example of Renaissance urban planning ) promise small-town distractions and culinary pleasures .	The two small towns of Montalcino and Pienza are a great place for culinary pleasures .	0
A congressional debate and vote on whether we should intervene in Kosovo could be a fiasco .	A congressional debate about Kosovo might be a big problem .	0
oh that 'll that 'll sound wonderful won 't it	That sounds great , doesn 't it ?	0
The island did not get directly involved in Greece 's Persian and Peloponnesian Wars , however it became well-known as a valuable source of brave and energetic mercenaries .	Many useful soldiers for hire came from there .	0
Such information may be provided on a need-to-know basis in a separate limited official-use report which is restricted to only persons authorized by law or regulation to receive it .	The information must be released for public consumption as a matter of moral principle .	2
i mean it 's it 's it 's mainly um just family oriented stuff i mean yeah it 's very its definitely Christian but it 's not it 's not hymns	It features a lot of contemporary Christian music .	1
The recommendations were adopted by the Chicago and Illinois State Bar Associations , and , along with an appendix of existing and proposed implementation measures , submitted to the Governor , the Illinois General Assembly , the Illinois Supreme Court , local governments , state agencies , legal services programs , bar associations and individual lawyers .	Chicago and Illinois State Bar Associations did not adopt the recommendations .	2
and they 've got such fantastic equipment in there	They have the best treadmills to work out on .	1
The department issued LegalConsiderationsinDesigningandImplementing AGuideforFederalAgenciesin November 2000 .	There was a guide about legal considerations in designing and implementing issued more than once in 2000 .	1
She did so .	She did that .	0
and um bass my brother usually puts a jig or something like that on there for it or a top water bait you know sometimes usually artificial bait for bass	Artificial baits work great for bass .	0
a little soy sauce and uh some uh seasoned salt mix all that up together and put it on the steak	Do not season your steaks .	2
The moment seemed to freeze .	The moment was frozen by the entrance of the demon .	1
Accordingly , they monitored numerous factors associated with their security programs , and they used the results to identify needed improvements .	The security programs have a number of associated factors .	0
In Roman times a temple to Jupiter stood here	There is still a temple to Jupiter here .	2
I couldn 't say exactly , sir , but it wasn 't tea-time by a long way .	It was exactly Tea time .	2
The Cameri is also the only theatre in town to regularly stage productions with a simultaneous English translation ( every Tuesday night ) .	Many theatres in town offer performances in various languages .	2
Treading delicately around the Paula Jones case , the commentariat giggled like schoolchildren over a recent poll proclaiming that public television watchers have more sex than most .	People who watch public television allegedly have 25 % more sex than those who don 't .	1
The square ( also called by its former name Terreiro do Paao ) , wholly wiped out by the great earthquake of 1755 , has seen its share of watershed political King Carlos and his son were felled by an assassin 's bullets there in 1908 , and it was the site of one of the first uprisings of the Carnation Revolution of 1974 .	Although King Carlos was shot by an assassin , his wife was not .	1
Now can there be no conjunction ever ! " He tautened and his body rose slowly from the ground .	His body rose slowly as he expressed his thought that there can 't be a conjunction .	0
paid back i know	Wasn 't paid back .	2
yeah it was nice talking to you Linda okay great hope hope you like it um-hum you too bye-bye	Hope you like it , talk to you tomorrow Linda .	1
Mary was next in line for the English crown , and Elizabeth was suspicious of her intentions .	Mary was third in line for the English throne .	2
The preamble to the final rule contains significant information about the proposed collection of information including the reasons for collecting the information , the type and number of respondents , and the estimated annual burden .	Information about the estimated annual burden can be found in the preamble to the final rule .	0
During festivals , the square springs to life with excitement and color .	With enthusiasm does the square come to life during the festivals .	0
Among the boutiques and bars are two places of cultural interest .	Among the boutiques and bars are ninety places of cultural interest .	2
And , what do you think now ? She asked the Fourth Husband after coming back from the clinic .	She asked her husband what he thought .	0
In Ovitz 's case , the leverage was compounded , because he had been enjoying a fabulously successful career as Hollywood 's top agent ; rumor had it he was pulling down between $ 25 million and $ 35 million per year .	Ovitz was a small time agent who barely managed to stay in business .	2
In addition , the advanced scenario anticipates increased program spending of $ 9 .	Increased program spending of $ 9 has been anticipated by the advanced scenario .	0
About half of the people on the court 's eviction calendar failed to show up , Kaufman said , noting those people unfortunately miss out on the free legal help being offered .	Kaufman said that he was confused as they all receive free legal help .	2
Anyway , we don 't want them coming here after me . "	In any case , we don 't want them to find me here .	0
In such cases , the difference should be recognized as a charge to operations in the current period .	In any case when a liability is more than the asset is worth , the difference should be an operations expense in the current period .	1
This haven for film stars and golf proseince the 1930s now caters to a broad spectrum of visitors .	This was a haven for movie stars in the 1930s and continues to cater exclusively to them in the present .	2
At the expense of the middle class .	It is at the expense of the middle class .	0
We also asked officials in each of the agencies profiled as case illustrations to verify the accuracy of the information presented on their respective agencies	We talked to officials in each agency to verify information .	0
i think they will as long as they can but the problem obviously is the cost of health care as you know it 's just going completely out of sight	This trend is going to continue until the problem is tackled .	1
racing cars they want Mercedes or Cadillacs or Lincolns	They want a popular car brand .	0
And is a resistance to that fashion , a clinging to conventional spellings , just a class marker and a reactionary one at that ? )	As a blue-blood you would never spell grey with an A.	1
In an automated environment , system edits and other automated tests can	The environment is run completely mechanical .	2
A post could also rationalize its prices by reflecting the cost of service to different areas .	The cost of service may be different in certain areas .	0
Many of the items are self-explanatory , which is fortunate as most descriptions are printed in Spanish only .	The descriptions are in English .	2
the yours is my second one	I had one before you arrived .	1
It has mercifully escaped urban renewal , although a new housing project does loom at its far west end .	Urban renewal has yet to completely consume the area	0
well thank you for talking to me	I wish we hadn 't had this conversation .	2
Most were located two levels below the Chief Information Officer ( CIO ) .	There were not may who were not located two levels below the CIO .	0
The major island in the group is Rhodes ( covered in its own Berlitz Pocket Guide ) , but others include Kos and Patmos .	Patmos is the biggest island , folowed closely by Kos and Patmos .	1
or too much of it yeah yeah you need	There may be more of it than you need .	1
strategic human capital management in support of their missions and goals .	Their missions and goal are supported by human capital management .	0
Instantly , Sir Ernest 's chin was shooting pugnaciously forward .	Suddenly , Sir Ernest burst into merry laughter .	2
American Journal of Respiratory Critical Care Medicine 151 : 669-674 .	The journal is about Respiratory Critical Care .	0
Its prized possessions are the haunting Volto Santo ( Holy Face ) , a wooden crucifix said to have been carved by Nicodemus and possessing miraculous powers ; and the graceful white marble tomb of Ilaria del Carretto Guinigi by master Sienese sculptor Jacopo de lla Quercia ( 1408 ) in the former sacristy .	A painting is its prized possession .	2
Continuing along Temple Bar , you 'll come to Eustace Street and Meeting House Square .	Meeting House Square can be found on Eustace Street .	0
Similarly , we have conducted a number of reviews of State 's visa function over the years and , based on our work , we believe that there are a number of areas in which the visa function can be strengthened .	The visa function refers to a card issued to foreign travelers to the United States of America of similar countries throughout the world .	1
During the conceptual planning phase various feasibility studies are done to define the scope or statement of work based on the owner 's expectations for facility performance , quality , cost , and schedule .	Quality and cost were the biggest factors in the study .	1
Cooper was condemned , reviled and , for a brief time , incredibly popular .	For the longest time Copper were looked down upon .	0
He believed that data on the prevalence and severity of alcohol problems in EDs can have a major impact .	He did not have any data to back up his claims .	2
Thorn saw the grin of ecstasy on her face .	Thorn smiled when he saw her face .	1
it 's no big deal	It isn 't a big deal .	0
Beyond the outdoor shopping pavilions here , you 'll come acrosea white marble statue of Napoleon 's Josephine , holding a roseand facing the direction of her birthplace across the bay .	The statue is 5 feet tall .	1
" I 'll go get Hamilcar .	I 'll go and get Penny .	2
The Weekly Standard recycles the story that Broder had been fired from his job at the Chicago Tribune when he plagiarized from the Jerusalem Post ' s Joel Greenberg .	The Weekly Standard uses the same story of Broder getting fired after six months .	1
A little farther away is Valencia 's Six Flags Magic Mountain , which is renowned for its high-speed roller-coasters , and Raging Waters in San Dimas , which is a water park featuring slides and rides .	Six Flags Magic Mountain gets more visitors than Raging Waters does every year .	1
The great British navigator and adventurer operated in the Caribbean for years before he turned his attention to Puerto Rico .	He had worked in the Caribbean for a long time .	0
and they just when your number comes up your number comes up	Your number never comes up .	2
Would You Say That if He Knocked on Your Door ?	What if he knocked on your door and said you had to leave ?	1
The whole story is told in perfect pictorial balance , and with El Greco 's penchant for long , heaven-gazing faces and characteristic colors .	The story of the bible is told in picture by El Greco .	1
The Rue du Roi-Ren ? ? will take you past some handsome 17th- and 18th-century ? ­ houses ; and on the pretty , cobblestoned Rue des Tein ? ­ tu ? ­ riers you can see where the dyers used to work the paddlewheels for their Indian-style cloth in the little Sorgue river , emerging here from its underground course .	You can see that all these places lack history .	2
They stand at the summit of the art as originally practiced by the Byzantines , and are said to be the finest in Europe .	In Europe , they are known to be an example of low-quality art .	2
almost two years	It was almost two years .	0
It might be more appropriate to consider something closer to government accountability office .	Consideration of something far from the government accountability office would be frowned upon .	1
a ) Spun the president 's denial for months without bothering to check if it was true .	The newspaper never needs to fact check .	2
Your judgment of the data 's importance and the reliability of the source , as well as other engagement factors , can help you determine the extent of such an assessment .	Your judgement if the reliability of the data is the only factor to determine the extent of the assessment .	2
'They 're mostly hidden in the front and back carriages , ' he replied .	Carriages at the head and rear contained the hidden items .	0
It would have broken your wrist .	It was heavy .	1
The old and new Rouen come together around the bright and airy market halls and the attractive modern Eglise Sainte-Jeanne-d 'Arc .	The church that was dedicated to Joan of Arc is very unappealing .	2
This number was exceeded by another officer who sent 220 heads .	Another officer exceeded the number with 220 heads .	0
The entire town should be turning out .	The whole town should come .	0
Wahoo , one of the big five game fish , is hooked occasionally off all the islands .	Wahoo is a big game fish many people enjoy catching off the islands .	1
I should dream of Mr. Brown all night ! "	The person does not want to dream of Mr. Brown .	2
To be successful , the project teams spearheading these initiatives had to achieve each of the following ( 1 ) lead change , ( 2 ) create a shared need ,	The only goal that needs to be addressed is creating a shared need .	2
Call-back services allow me to call the United States for 70 cents a minute , vs. the $ 2 .	The call can be made at a discount with the call-back services .	0
Recently , a significant amount of attention has been focused on the structure of stock options and the related accounting treatment .	The structure of stock options has been largely left unnoticed .	2
The hero is no longer Pip but Finn , who is frolicking in the waves among the gulls when a shackled and bloodied escaped killer ( Robert De Niro ) erupts from the water and forces him to bring food and drink and a tool for cutting chains .	Finn is happy to be the hero and doesn 't mind helping the killer .	1
Those of us who actively participated in drafting section 305 , granting LSC the ability to represent H-2A workers and H-2A eligibility for such services , were very much aware of the alien-representation restrictions in the annual LSC appropriations bills .	The LSC wants mostly people from their own country .	1
because that 's the lowest thing for themselves plus there 's nobody for them to look up to	There 's no one for them to model themselves after	0
Everything in the house was filthy beyond words .	Nobody was able to clean the house .	1
On November 15 , 1994 , OSHA published a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking .	OSHA published a noticed regarding rulemaking in Nov. 1994 .	0
military factions that would oppose each other and and they would vie for leadership and uh the people who are well off there the middle upper class if there is such a thing uh they would probably be at a disadvantage losing possibility of losing their uh their assets or wealth	the military factions would quarrel and struggle for power	0
Prophet Mohammed 's Birthday is commemorated by processions and public readings from the Koran .	Public readings from the Koran are read to celebrate Mohammed 's birthday , who was a prophet .	0
You 'll readily forgive the bombast of some of the monumental architecture when you see what makes this the Cityof Light .	There are many people who feel that the monumental architecture is far from bombastic .	1
right and you know there 's not going to be those adding mistakes that we all make	you know there will still be a lot of those common adding mistakes	2
He guesses " Mrs. Vandemeyer eyed him scornfully .	She was irritated with him .	1
Time has sidebars on the McCaughey septuplets ' forgotten older sister ( 22-month-old Mikayla ) , the horrors of multiple births gone wrong , and adoption as an alternative to fertility drugs .	There are over 500 multiple births disasters per year .	1
but uh first and foremost the Bills i even went i went to got to go to a Bills game this year which was fun it was the the Bills Eagles game which appropriately enough	I went to the Bills Eagles game this year .	0
4 The text of the Domestic Mail Classification Schedule is published as Appendix A to Subpart C of 39 C.F.R.	The full mail classification schedule is very long .	1
They also can be a significant deterrent and provide for a level of program integrity that could not otherwise be achieved .	If the right personnel are on board , they can be a significant deterrent .	1
so i don 't but i could if i felt like it	I wouldn 't be able to do it even if I wanted to .	2
'The basement door is hidden .	The basement door is obvious .	2
Each company had a plan for eventually achieving a quantum leap in the performance of its products and had established an orderly , phased process for getting there , by undertaking continuous product improvements as resources became available .	Many company 's plans were hindered by a lack of resources .	1
and my husband being a TI engineer i said i said a few things to him when i got home i said who has engineered that	My husband works as a TI engineer .	0
It can neither be explained nor ignored .	It is too complex to be explained fully or allowed to be ignored .	1
Greuze put his arm around me , pulling me out of my seat .	It startled me when Greuze pulled me out of my seat .	1
no no it 's nowhere near that expensive and it it 's just the idea that these uh these actors you know live in such lavish style i mean it 's as simple as that	The reason is that these actors live a lavish lifestyle .	0
But parole agents often waste time chasing the bad guys rather than helping the good .	Bad guys chase parole agents .	2
and i can 't seem to find the middle space you know but i 've got a friend of mine working on it uh i 've trying to help me out i 've been going to the driving range with him and and it seems to be doing some um	Me and my friend go to the driving range and just make fun of people hitting golf balls .	1
yeah we talk about um Laura talks about growing uh right right now she 's interested i think in a herb garden she mentioned this morning that she could grow just you know flower box	Laura doesn 't want to plant any herbs .	2
Malaysia has done a fine job of giving visitors access to its natural treasures without taming them too much .	Visitors have access to Malaysia 's natural treasures .	0
Doerflinger happily argued that by demonstrating other ways of deriving stem cells , the new experiments had proved that the cloning of whole embryos could be banned , as Catholic scholars have proposed , without disrupting biotech research .	He said that embryo cloning should be banned .	1
Tell that to us before the Don Cazar ! " Shannon curled the quirt lash about his wrist .	Shannon was angry with the man .	1
The D982 leading west from Rouen is the start of the Route des Abbayes , which meanders through woodland and meadows around the medieval Norman abbeys ' most of them enjoying their heyday under William the Conqueror ' at Saint-Martin-de-Boscherville , Jumiyges , Saint-Wandrille , Le Bec-Hellouin , and Caen , culminating in their masterpiece , Mont-Saint-Michel .	D982 goes through all sorts of terrain , including tall mountains .	1
and it 's kind of a waste of a person	The person will be useful in many ways .	2
those uh ten speeds and their unforgiving seat that i sit on	Those ten speeds and their punishing saddles I have to sit on .	0
Even so , Tudjman again restored himself to the West 's ( semi- ) good graces by signing the Dayton Peace Accords and agreeing to let Serbs return to their burned homes .	Tudjman signed the Dayton Peace Accords and allowed Serbs to return to their burned homes .	0
that 's just a different you know my my problem with immigration is when you take people that has been here on welfare or trying to make it and you know the united States gives people that come into the country more money to start their life than the people that 's already here that 's trying	The problem is giving more money to immigrants than to our own citizens .	0
The baby gets new toys every day , because used toys are immediately discarded .	The baby gets no new toys because old toys are cherished .	2
See ? " He drew a thin volume from his breechclout cautiously , then slipped it back again .	He carefully produced a thin volume from his loincloth .	0
There 's your precious private industry .	I have no concerns about your private industry .	2
The sky had cleared and the blood moon hung overhead .	The sky darkened as the sun set .	2
The high population density constitutes a real problem .	People crowd in everywhere you go .	1
Most Falwell-style Christians would probably say yes , since the Antichrist is a false Messiah , he 'll have to be Jewish , like Christ himself .	Falwall would say no to that question .	2
The final rule was determined to be an economically significant regulatory action under Executive Order	The final rule was economically significant and was impressive reading for students .	1
As we have advised the Vice Presidentas representatives , the submission is incomplete and is not fully responsive .	The submission is complete .	2
They are also trained to detect evidence of domestic violence in a home .	They have domestic violence training .	0
However that may be , my father was broken-hearted .	My father was devastated despite what happened .	0
In a recent Gallup poll , New York was identified as the city that Americans would most like to live in .	Americans would most like to live in New York City .	0
Although a lightning bolt toppled the tower of the church of Lampaul-Guimiliau in 1809 , the church 's interior remains impressive .	Efforts have been made to repair the tower , but none have been successful .	1
People were pointing- parents and children in equal awe .	They were amazed by the fact that a 100lb guy was lifting a car .	1
and uh i don 't know that that 's bad or good it 's just a point that i have observed that we	I have never seen that point before .	2
The Malay ruling class again took a back seat .	The Malay ruling class always took the back seat .	1
Finally , with certain restrictions , persons who hold an undivided interest in a crop may be eligible to purchase one insurance policy covering all shares to satisfy linkage requirements , thereby not having to pay the $ 50 processing fee in these situations .	Such insurance policies usually cost less than twenty dollars .	1
The marinade is a good deal spicier than you would find in a tourist restaurant , but the meat is wonderfully tender ; ask for a bite-sized sample before you buy .	Before ordering it , keep in mind that marinade can be extremely expensive .	1
His next shot split open the forehead of another rider with spiked hair washed dark brown with blood .	The rider escaped the shot .	2
All right , maybe you don 't believe me--you think they wouldn 't send a student sersa here now .	The aliens really were here , I have photographic evidence .	1
The establishments listed below offer a cross-section of local restaurants , and should convince you that not everything on the island comes with chips ( french fries ) .	There are no chips on the island .	2
when you have the big old trees and the people that moved in next to us they built a new house on the empty lot and they just had their brand new little trees They didn 't have any shade they any time they had people over they had to do it on the patio because it just got too hot during the day	There used to be tree in the lot next to us .	1
Had she not refused Julius without hesitation ?	She was all over Julius without hesitation .	2
we we went in and did what we set out to do i i have there 's there 's been like a lot of things said about if it was a political well if it was a war for oil or a a war for ideals and seems to be real mixed between those two things	The war on Iraq was highly controversial at the time .	1
Richardson 's need to make Picasso into a serious artist and an honorable man ( instead of the inspired poetic rascal he actually was ) deforms , above all , his account of Picasso 's relations with women , he writes .	Picasso was a gentleman and not an inspired poetic rascal .	2
In one view , loutish slack-jawed children , admitted to college only so the bursar can suck money out of their rich alumni parents , cheat their way through class and , if that doesn 't get them good enough grades , bully their professors into upping their marks .	These children were admitted to college because they earned their spot with hard work .	2
During the past decade , Serbia has taken advantage of this version of its World War II history to make common cause with Israel .	Over the past ten years Serbia and Israel have communicated common cause by their similar World War II history	0
He adopted campaign finance reform only after he was tarred in the Keating Five scandal several years ago .	Even after the Keating Five scandal , he didn 't support campaign finance reform .	2
These activities include community legal education , some forms of pro se assistance , referrals , outreach , indirect services including training to non-legal advocates who help low income people , and other services , including mediation and alternative dispute resolution .	The activities include at least four forms of help , including referrals , outreach and indirect services .	0
It houses some of the treasures of the monastery , given by wealthy benefactors throughout the last 1,500 years .	There are no treasures of the monastery .	2
Many of the best snorkeling and underwater photography areas are offshore at coral reefs or around uninhabited islands ; you 'll have little difficulty in finding a boat to take you out .	If you decide to try underwater photography , make sure your camera is waterproof .	1
Clinton used the Reserve Officers Training Corps to escape the draft , then backed out and never served in the ROTC .	Clinton used the Reserve Officers Training Corps to get into action .	2
He 's not just a man in the He generates his own light .	He creates his own opportunities in business .	1
Everything you could possibly want as well as things you never even knew you simply must have are all at your disposal with a flash of the credit card .	With a credit card , you can purchase almost anything you desire .	1
Very few realize what a service attorneys volunteer to the community .	Everyone knows that attorneys help people in their communities .	2
Now he gave an order he obviously expected to be obeyed " if you do find anything , don 't try to take over yourselves .	The order that he gave he expected to be obey , " Anything you find , don 't take over yourselves "	0
As long as your Lojack reduces the number of insurance claims , the company should be willing to pay you to install it .	The company might pay you to install it .	0
Sacre ! he murmured .	" Sacre ! " , he exclaimed loudly .	2
yeah but you 're glad you 're doing it right	You do not like it and your unhappiness shows .	2
He says , We 're in a boxing arena , John 's the champ , and the crowd is loving every minute .	John 's the most popular boxer in the arena .	1
Any enhancement of the reagent ( i.e.	Enhancement of reagent	0
An attorney arrives [ in Civil Court ] at 9 : 30 in the morning , hoping the matter can be taken care of in an hour .	Unfortunately for the attorney the matter took 5 hours .	1
Napoleon suffered a great defeat , but his ally Poniatowski refused to surrender , preferring to sacrifice himself and his troops .	Napoleon suffered a great defeat because he had let his underlings do as they pleased .	1
Ser Perth appeared at the doorway with two of the mandrakes .	Ser Perth emerged at the entrance with two of the mandrakes .	0
and then i go no no maybe i sleep more than ten hours you know and	Yes , I said I sleep less than ten hours .	2
Rather the whole effect of change , of a broadening of horizons .	The horizons have a broadening effect .	0
so what are the benefits working for a large organization	What are the benefits of working for a smaller company ?	2
Shall I tell you why you have been so vehement against Mr. Inglethorp ?	I can tell you why you 're being so vehement against Mr. Inglethorp .	0
Otherwise , it could erode public confidence in and respect for the institutions of government .	There is no way to undermine confidence in government institutions .	2
They are photographs of works from the Louvre , Paris .	These photographs of objects were taken in the Louvre .	0
You can survey the area from the revolving restaurant and bar on the 35th floor .	On foggy nights , the area from the restaurant is blocked .	1
Public Administration and Policy	The policy is strict .	1
yeah we had someone from uh do some ergonomics in our area do you do	We added sit-to-stand desks .	1
But Shiloh responded to his rider 's encouragement even if he could not hear or understand .	But Shiloh obeyed his rider 's encouragement , even if he couldn 't hear or comprehend .	0
With its wealth of pretty cottages , Askham is a true farming community .	Askham is a large industrialized city .	2
Surely a future Super Bowl will see players selling commercial space on their butts , says the Washington Post ' s Tom Shales .	This statement by Tom Shales is certainly incorrect as the world has prohibited any more super bowls from taking place .	2
Yet now as he swung around and walked away down the alley Drew was left with a nagging doubt , a feeling that in some way or other Shannon had come off even in this encounter .... But how and why ?	He walked down the alley after swinging around .	0
maybe that 's why they 're	I wonder why they 're doing that .	1
Press reports have portrayed Gargan as the Body 's man .	Gargan has never met the Body before .	2
i think that 's mine	I believe that is mine .	0
The legislative history contains no evidence that Congress intended LSC representation of legal permanent residents and other aliens to turn on the accident of where an alien happened to be at the moment the cause of action arose or the litigation commenced , or to require the alien to be continuously physically present throughout the course of representation .	There is no legislative history that Congress made these decisions that affected aliens .	0
Another way to gauge national saving is to estimate how much we need to save to achieve specific national objectives .	Gauging national saving helps guess how much we need to spend to accomplish certain things .	2
Back in the 1950s , twin colossi sat astride the Hudson , figuratively glowering at each Betty Friedan in Grandview on the West Bank , writing The Feminine Mystique , and John Cheever in Scarborough on the East Bank , writing the Wapshot books and the short stories .	Two famous authors lived on the same side of the Hudson river .	2
Finally Victor Hugo 's gigantic funeral in 1885 settled the issue in favor of a secular mausoleum .	Victor Hugo died in early 1990 .	2
By the early 1900s the area had become a sort of bohemian quarter , beloved of the city 's cliques of writers , artists , and intellectuals .	By the 1900s , the area was full of peasants with no inclination to art .	2
yeah so i got that uh what is that safer soap uh B T spray this year and i 've been watching them every day and i 've and i haven 't seen any signs yet so if i see any signs i 'm going to spray them and uh	I used the same spray as last year .	2
Such a wage premium would amount to $ 9 billion in monopoly rents for the entire postal system .	A wage premium like that would result in $ 9 billion monopoly rents for the postal service	0
It is not surprising that at this time many town-dwelling Cretans kept a low profile .	It was very shocking how the Cretans in towns were out in the open and vociferous .	2
Clinton has the ability to sustain that perception despite the test ban 's defeat .	Clinton didn 't concern herself with the test ban 's defeat .	2
In a survey sponsored by the West Virginia Chapter of the American College of Emergency Physicians , a minority of emergency physicians reported routine screening and counseling of ED patients .	The West Virginia Chapter of the American College of Emergency Physicians screened all patients for alcoholism .	1
so what are the other questions that i 'm actually i had a house um my home before this one was uh was a Cape Ann and i wasn 't up and down too that was uh that was kind of high and that was painted um	All of the homes in my old neighborhood were modeled as Cape Anns .	1
The cover story crowns Winston Churchill the Man of the Century .	The feature story about about the man .	0
Inside the church , stand in the choir to appreciate the majesty of the dome .	The dome can best be appreciated in the choir area .	0
This elevated structure 's projecting wooden terrace is supported by a vast arrangement of 139 massive interlocking beams .	Massive beams hold up the shopping center .	2
The attacker faced Drew directly .	The attacker faced Drew before yelling a curdling scream .	1
If you don 't mind my putting in a few words--You 'll remember that just after breakfast my son came in to ask what animals ate .	You will recall that my son asked what animals ate .	0
yeah you vote absentee yeah you vote you you still connected to your state legally you still you can you still are responsible for paying those taxes they withdraw taxes	You are still legally connected to your state when you vote absentee .	0
However , many of the agency officials and staff questioned the need for standardization .	The need to standardize was something that agency officials were questioning .	0
Does she go there every day ?	Does she go and visit the place daily ?	1
they they were forced to put her in a nursing home	They were forced to let her stay at her home .	2
so who 's your uh favorite team	What team do you cheer for ?	0
is almost always wrong--but it 's not far off .	It 's usually off , but not by much .	0
Coffee is very good .	Coffee is healthy .	1
In addition to this general standard , auditors should follow the general standards for work performed under GAGAS , as discussed in chapter 3 .	There aren 't any standards that auditors should follow under GAGAS .	2
Dental care is just another way to spend discretionary income , competing with a vacation or a new car .	Dental work is so affordable , it is almost free .	2
He speculated that if many dependent patients can have spontaneous remissions , then research on whether brief interventions could help them seems warranted .	It 's possible that interventions could help patients who have remissions .	0
, smoking-related disease ) and the difference in the effect size between chronic exposure studies and daily mortality studies suggest that all incidences of premature mortality reduction associated with a given incremental change in PM exposure probably would not occur in the same year as the exposure reduction .	There is a disparity between daily mortality studies and chronic exposure studies .	0
'If it was , would you think of me differently Daniel ? If I turned out not to be the man you thought , if it had all been a fraud , I 'm pretty sure that would constitute an unforgivable lie . ' 	I know I am exactly the person he thinks I am .	2
What 's the origin of the name ?	Where does the name come from ?	1
on no young people like to swing real hard at the ball	Young women also swing hard at the ball .	1
Give yourself plenty of driving time to reach your destination , as the roads are narrow and tortuous .	The roads are quite broad and easily navigated .	2
ARTICLE : : Too True To Be Good	Too True To Be Good was written by John .	1
Delivery Confirmation , on the other hand , is a high tech , low cost service that works and works well .	Delivery Confirmation is a low cost service that works for all generations of the family	1
As big as it was , it couldn 't hurt the Journal . How would the Podunk Banner have fared against a similar threat from the area Chevrolet dealer ?	It couldn 't hurt the Journal no matter how big it was .	0
We don 't have rational drug policies in the streets or public schools because we don 't have rational discussions about drug use .	Drug use is rampant in schools and on the streets .	1
Oh , I 've not been briefed .	This is something I should 've been briefed on earlier .	1
Piano bars have become a regular feature in top hotel lounges around the city .	A piano bar is a feature that no hotel uses yet .	2
The Inland Revenue Department ( IRD ) provides tax services as well as social policy services , including the administration of child support and family assistance programs and the collection of student loan repayments .	The Inland Revenue Department does not provide any social services .	2
We do not know how a change in the current federal policy to permit individual use would affect GSA 's ability to negotiate savings in contract airfares .	A change in the current federal policy to permit individual use would never affect GSA .	2
Afternoon was fast fading into evening , but Tubacca , aroused from the post-noon siesta , was in tumult .	Tubacca woke up and was upset at the weather .	1
This we unfortunately don 't know .	Luckily , we know all about this .	2
Finding the most suitable Greek island for your style of vacation is important , as each group of islands , as well as each individual island , is unique .	The Greek islands are all identical in all but name .	2
I 'm sorry , Dave Hanson , she said gently .	She refused to say anything to Dave Hanson .	2
There wasn 't ?	Was it there ? Said the little girl .	1
and that way it would give you know the probation department and parole department they 've got to be overloaded with as many criminals as we have here in in Lubbock	There are criminals in Lubbock .	0
Its age is uncertain , but it seems to have been built in its present form around 1349 , at the highest point of the city walls .	It seems that the city walls indicate that it was built in 1349 .	0
When I returned with her , however , the boudoir was empty .	The budoir was full .	2
whole lot	Plenty of them .	0
Most can be bought from the barrel , blended to your own taste .	A majority can be purchased from the barrel .	0
i used to do that a lot and then i like um we have a new child that 'll be a year old here next week so i 'll take a lot of pictures of her you know and spoil them first one you know how that is and um uh	our youngest child will be two years old next week	2
so um do you work how 'd you find out about this	So do you lie how did you reach the watermelon .	2
13 Food Safety and Fundamental Changes Needed to Ensure Safe Food , October 10 , 2001 ( GAO-02-47T ) .	The guidelines can be overlooked if funds are limited .	2
If cuisines emerge organically over time from rooted people , then why pose the question about a people who have come to epitomize rootlessness ?	Cuisines are invented by aliens .	2
than a smaller person	Than a taller person .	2
uh and we were sequestered but the makeup of the jury uh was truly a cross section of uh you might say a cross section of a country there was one other person besides myself we were the only ones that had ever been to college hm one was a former student of mine a few years before who was out of work	One person was a former student of mine .	1
She meant , replied Poirot promptly , " that she found it on top of a wardrobe . "	Poirot also found another thing on top of the wardrobe .	1
Tommy drew a deep breath .	Tommy breathed heavily .	0
exactly same thing here and that 's that 's what they did	We had exactly the same situation here and it is working well .	1
Time ' s trend cover story concludes that Generation Xers are not They 're materialistic , ambitious , and entrepreneurial .	Time has never done a story on Gen X.	2
( The paternalism of the PDFA 's campaign has sunk in at major newsrooms .	The PDFA 's campaign has sunk in at major newsrooms .	0
He 's just finished Isaac 's Storm , a history of the Galveston hurricane of 1900 , and reads Robert Parker 's detective-for-hire stories .	There was a hurricane in Galveston in 1900 and it claimed a lot of lives .	1
He said , " You mean Slim came in here and said I had an animal ? He came in here and said that ? He said I had an animal ? "	Slim said that he had an animal because he isn 't supposed to have them .	1
yeah i was just making making a point that some schools develop certain reputations and	You don 't want to be a school that is known for something like that .	1
I told him it was lunch time .	I told him it was lunch time , but he wasn 't hungry .	1
don 't worry they 're recording every word	We 'll have evidence for the court once this is all over	1
For example , the AIM-9X missile program completed 95 percent of its engineering drawings at the critical design review because it made extensive use of prototype testing to demonstrate the design met requirements coupled with design reviews that included program stakeholders .	The AIM-9X missile program tested their prototypes extensively .	0
On what was once a Celtic burial ground ( originally named Mont-Tombe ) , the bishop of the nearby town of Avranches began by building an oratory in the eighth century ' at the prompting , he claimed , of the Archangel Michael .	Mont-Tombe was an ancient Celtic burial ground .	0
With the shaved head and the new clothes it became very hard to recognize them as the pair Ca 'daan had met just a few moments before .	Ca 'daan had met the two people before .	0
i mean there are so many just major major serial murders and it 's not just like one instance or something it 's just uh horrifying some of the murders that go on	There aren 't many major serial murders out there and none of them are horrifying .	2
Not expecting a land attack , Commonwealth troops on the peninsula were ill-prepared .	Troops on the peninsula could not have been better prepared .	2
They had to hunch to get in the first tunnels but deep within they rose into high square caves and finally into the open mines .	They were traveling through the mines .	0
Absolutely not .	Absolutely	2
and that 's basically where i ended up i uh i just flat out couldn 't get a hold you know get ahead with the company because they were dead in affirmative action um	There was no future for me there .	1
but he 's still running things	He 's still the boss .	0
For the moment , however , the fix is in for the consumer .	For the moment , the fix is in for the consumer but that will change quickly .	1
The monument in the tiny plaza recalls a shipwreck of 1913 , and a fountain on the far side features bizarre fish statues complete with jets of water which spurt from their mouths .	The fish statues were made at the same time as the shipwreck .	1
i don 't know him	I know him .	2
If both have information about Monica , then both are unhappy .	Both will only be happy once they know what Monica 's done .	2
He became tiny , and his lovely skin was the envy of all ladies of documented aristocratic pedigree .	He was a very large man and had pimples that made his skin look disgusting .	2
Most individual practitioners were--and still are--impeccably honest , devoted to their patients and incredibly hardworking .	My practitioners learned how to work hard because they had very good parents .	1
yeah it 's really a rather touchy topic at that but	It isn 't a sensitive topic , so we can discuss it .	2
And the sky is cracking and falling , as you have seen for yourself .	You are unable to see anything .	2
Return to the B5289 and continue toward the southern tip of Derwent Water .	Continue toward the southerin tip of Derwent Water after returning to the B5289 .	0
yeah i don 't know i i think that uh i know that judges aren 't supposed to be crooked however	I am sure that judges are not supposed to be corrupt .	0
It is even becoming something of a commuter town owning or renting an apartment here costs a fraction of what it would in Hong Kong .	It is a popular town to live in and commute elsewhere .	0
Sharm itself has little charm , but Na 'am Bay , some 5 km ( 3 miles ) further north , has a wonderful sandy beach , modern hotels , and just about everything you could need for a fun-filled vacation .	Na 'am Bay has a beautiful beach but it doesn 't have much for entertainment .	1
Scientists were once ostracized for holding religious beliefs but can now worship without embarrassment .	No scientist has ever been religious .	2
The museum 's modern collection of Braque , Bonnard , and Picasso offers an intriguing counterpoint .	A contrast can be found in the museum 's collection of Picasso , Braque , and Bonnard .	0
The Fourth Crusade , launched in 1202 and partly inspired by Venetian jealousy of Byzantium 's trading power , became an excuse to plunder Constantinople itself .	The Fourth Crusade was partially inspired by Venice 's jealousy of Byzantium 's trading power .	0
Wandering the side streets at night allows you to soak up the heady atmosphere of pleasure and commerce that has characterized this part of Osaka for centuries .	Walking Osaka 's streets at night is not advisable .	2
The remaining riders rode off in different directions .	The riders all went in the same direction .	2
i i can understand i can understand well it 's been good talking with you	I understand thought it has been good speaking with you .	0
The litigious environment has also led to a check box mentality where it is more important to follow the accounting rules when preparing financial statements than actually reporting the economic substance of the transaction .	The environment has made it more important to follow the accounting rules than to report the economic substance of the transaction .	0
oh well it was great i loved it but then i didn 't need all that anymore so i finally sold that and i 'm in a fair size condo and i have a nice size patio	My condo is the size of a doghouse .	2
i just feel like it 's an invasion invasion of my privacy you know i you know there 's a lot alcohol for example i can go out and drink on the weekends and come in hung over and do a lot worse job than if i go out on Friday and i don 't know say take take a hit of Ecstasy and dance all night not saying that i do but i 'm just	I think that alcohol isn 't a serious drug , so it shouldn 't be taken as seriously as harder stuff , like cocaine or Ecstasy .	1
Also , Newsweek tells the weird story of Jerry Stuchiner , a high-level Immigration and ; Naturalization Service agent alleged to have sold passports to illegal Chinese immigrants .	Jerry Stuchiner allegedly sold passports to illegal Chinese immigrants for years and yet no one has known about it until now .	1
Seeing in Christianity a threat to his central authority , Hideyoshi systematically suppressed Christian activity ; in 1597 six missionaries and 20 Japanese converts were crucified at Nagasaki .	Hideyoshi embraced Christianity enthusiastically and saw it as a way to bolster his power .	2
The Coalition programs have identified their goal as raising the level of integration and cooperation among programs to that of a virtual statewide law firm .	The programs want to increase integration between the computer applications .	1
'So I 've heard ! ' Harland bellowed .	Harland was paying attention to what we were doing .	1
What could I do ?	What decision should I have made ?	0
Should we , as some in the administration want , focus our attention on preserving the jobs of well-paid employees at big corporations ?	Some in the administration want us to focus our attention on preserving the jobs of well-paid employees at big corporations .	0
Although in 88 b.c. , Mithradates made a swift and successful raid from the East across Asia Minor and the Aegean Islands , the next major power change brought influence from the West .	He raided from the West across Asia Minor .	2
Similarly , the central information protection group at the utility was required to approve all new applications to indicate that risks had been adequately considered .	New applications are immediately accepted so long as they give their name and birthday .	2
and we had our Danes in the house	Our Danes were sometimes indoors with us in our home .	1
The site is below sea level ( even below river level ) , hot and sticky in the long summer , surrounded by pestilential swamps , vulnerable to every flood and hurricane , and more than 100 miles ( 160 km ) from the Gulf of Mexico or anywhere else .	The summers are cool and dry , unlike what is expected .	2
What about the less theatrical , but equally troubling , civil problems that can afflict people in any walk of life ?	There are civil problems that only poor people deal with .	2
The train exploded .	The train blew up .	0
I went to stay with a friend "	He was close to his friend .	1
They survived as part of an abbey now the Musee National du Moyen Age , still often called by its former name , Musee de Cluny ( see page 72 ) .	The museum is no longer called by the name of " Musee de Cluny " .	2
Some economists and analysts are concerned that individual households are living beyond their means and some may have been counting on continued high gains on their assets to finance future consumption .	These same economists foresee massive foreclosure if this trend continues .	1
Clinton 's critics would surely have portrayed such a meeting as a corrupt politicization of the Justice Department , reminded us again of the misuse of the FBI in Travelgate and Filegate , and called once more for an independent counsel .	Clinton 's critics would have called for an independent counsel because they believed it was against the law .	1
Something happened between 1968 and 10 minutes ago that transformed the American flag from hallowed symbol to fabric pattern .	Hippies were the ones that changed the flag into just fabric .	1
Another possibility is that they are worksharing without doing anything extra , such as in achieving drop shipment because they are already located at the destination .	Workshare is not allowed .	2
The city that has become second in size only to Jerusalem began as recently as 1906 as a tiny neighbour to the noisy , crowded Arab town of Jaffa .	The city has grown more quickly than any other city in the region over the past century .	1
I felt the glass walls around me falling away , and saw water spilling out onto a shiny floor .	Water was spilling onto the floor .	0
Check with the local sources for a seasonal update .	Local sources will not provide seasonal updates .	2
I guess I 'd like to look him up when I get back . ' 	The person will be forgotten about .	2
yeah and even you know i mean like we had i called them prefabs just a track home you know i mean we we had one of their homes that was nicer in Pennsylvania but um it was an older home but then you buy an older home and you 're always fixing things up	We spent a huge amount of money carrying out repair work on our old home .	1
Spectac ? ­ ular gardens , like the Botanic Garden and Quinta do Palheiro , are only a short bus or taxi ride from the capital .	Botanic Garden and Quinta do Palheiro are not close to the capital .	2
Near the center of the town , richer merchants sold gold and silk from the north and deep south empires .	The center of town had lots of shops set up .	0
It is , in a word , simply beautiful .	It is very pretty .	0
Ah , Westway !	Ah , Eastway !	2
They are architecting it so that the network owner gets to choose the Internet service provider that you get your broadband Internet service from .	There have been no changes made that effect your choice of internet service provider .	2
put a big cast on it	Put a huge cast on it to let it recover .	1
Palea Alonissos , destroyed in the earthquake , is a five-minute bus ride inland from the port of Patitiri , and its old houses are slowly being revived with outside investment .	The earthquake luckily did not affect Palea Alonissos .	2
um it 's it was an interesting in that i think that he gave the American people some uh uh a sense of the fact that that uh wars are really run by politicians	The fact that he gave the American people the sense that wars are run by the politicians is interesting .	0
The concentration of the metals , Al , As , Cr , Co , Cu , Fe , Pb , Ni , and Zn , expressed as total metal , should not exceed 1 eg / L each , and Cd , Hg , and Ag , expressed as total metal , should not exceed 100 ng / L each .	Al , As , Cr , Co , Cu , Fe , Pb , Ni and Zn are all metals .	0
Some evidence suggests that WTP to avoid a risk of a protracted death involving prolonged suffering and loss of dignity and personal control is greater than the WTP to avoid a risk ( of identical magnitude ) of sudden death .	Sudden deaths happen far more frequently than prolonged deaths .	1
When the system has been defined well enough to manage risks effectively , the agency develops and tests a full-scale system .	The system can manage risk effectively if defined well enough .	0
Not like when he was a child , when he was just discovering the world , and the parents let him do and have whatever he wanted .	When he was a kid , his parents gave him all the money he could want .	1
oh my it sounds like um San Juan Puerto Rico we were there just well for a lay over and um well it wasn 't a lay over we were we had	That sounds nothing like my experience with San Juan , in Mexico .	2
In applying this requirement , the following factors may influence the auditors ' assessment of control	Next month we will definitely find out if the following factors have an influence .	1
Spectacular cliffs crash hundreds of feet below to the deep blue surf .	Walking on the cliffs is extremely dangerous as there is a great rift .	1
I must get back to my case . " Two days later Julius Hersheimmer returned from Manchester .	Julius stayed gone for a week .	2
And I 'm asking that a shoe company 's elevation of someone like Iverson become a source of stigma among socially conscious shoe buyers .	The shoe company was called Bata .	1
To reach Hadrian 's Wall and Birdoswald Visitors Centre , take the M6 north from Penrith .	Taking the M6 north will lead to Hadrian 's Wall .	0
Adrin shrugged .	Adrin said he didn 't know .	1
yeah that 's better than none at all i guess	It 's better than everything .	2
I don 't know who the other man is , but the bigger of the two was Whittington . " 49 Chapter 7 The House in Soho WHITTINGTON and his companion were walking at a good pace .	Whittington was the smaller of the two men .	2
but you don 't really know	however , you really aren 't sure	0
Buchanan pities the Lone Eagle , who he says suffered for the rest of his life--and beyond for uttering three short paragraphs .	The Long Eagle suffered for a long time .	0
yeah that 's a fact i like John Elway i think he was a fabulous he he still is he 's got a he 's got a lot of years left in him	I think John Elway may just be the best player ever .	1
but as far as major crime there didn 't seem to be as you know one of those nice little small towns and nothing ever happened and it would be nice to kind of get back into that so	Nothing too bad ever happened in the small town .	0
Key product characteristics and critical manufacturing processes are noted on the engineering drawings and work instructions that are released to manufacturing .	Key product characteristics are always noted exclusively on their own document .	2
At the same time , the government does not always effectively plan , procure , and implement major technology investments .	Major technology investments aren 't always planned effectively by the government .	0
Locker , Michael A. Rothenberg of New York Lawyers for the Public Interest became hooked on trying to make a difference , as he put it , while growing up with a learning disabled sibling .	Michael A. Rothenberg has no connection to New York or the legal profession .	2
On the horizon , there were fires .	I could see the city burning a long ways off .	1
As this implies , to researchers , the case study is an intensely personal method , dependent on the investigator 's sensitivity , insights , and skill in noticing many things , recording them , and producing a narrative that suggests a pattern of the elements-or that recognizes the pattern that is there in the culture in its own terms .	The case study is very personal and each research does it very differently .	1
Daniel Pollock added that the message of the recommendations could also be conveyed at professional meetings .	The message is notable for everyone to hear .	1
you know it was just there were too many long article and i try to quickly read through the paper before work in the morning so i don 't don 't get to spend a lot of time on everything	I don 't work so I have time to read the paper front to back .	2
Auditors should follow the AICPA 's Statements on Standards for Attestation Engagements when providing opinions on internal control over compliance with laws and regulations or on internal control over financial reporting .	Auditors should follow AICPA 's recommendations when giving opinions about internal control over financial reporting .	0
Clive 's example in Calcutta set the pattern for territorial control around the country .	Territorial control around the country followed the example set by Clive .	0
Third , we need to cut the president some slack .	We should not be judgmental .	1
But packet switching is not terribly Packets routinely get lost or delayed , crippling communication .	Packets get frequently lost or delayed , so people discuss about it .	1
Although the site is still under excavation , you can visit it .	You can visit this site because it is no longer under excavation .	2
Is there not yet a chance , we must leave no stone unturned , " He rushed like a madman from the room , and I followed him as soon as I had sufficiently recovered my wits .	He sat down and waited .	2
Loweswater is the smallest of the three lakes and never crowded .	The other two lakes are medium-sized .	1
To still others , it was not possible to tell whether this was a case study because looking at instances was what we do in all our methods , and there was no differentiation between this job and a compliance audit .	This study involves methods that we use in compliance audits as well so it isn 't possible to affirm if this is a case study .	0
It wasn 't you but the organization you lead that committed the misdeed .	Your company committed the act , it was not personally you . It does make all look bad , though .	1
and down there at Sabine Pass uh i can 't think of the guy 's name but he held off the you know just he and a handful of guys managed to hold off the whole Union navy for a while from coming up the Sabine River which was of no consequence but still is an interesting story	The union Navy managed to travel up the Sabine River with no obstacles .	2
I just got back from a job fair in Washington where I identified about two dozen very qualified young attorneys .	I was getting ready to go to the job fair in Washington .	2
Richard Holbrooke was confirmed as ambassador to the United Nations .	The United Nations removed Richard Holbrooke from his position as UN ambassador .	2
Thus , this plan not only incorporates congressional views about what it believes to be important and emerging issues , it also establishes a framework for seeing fundamental constitutional responsibilities in the context of current challenges and emerging changes in the coming years .	The plan includes congressional views about important things .	0
laments the plan 's gross generational inequity and instructs President Clinton to spend the money on education instead .	President Clinton 's plan has been determined to be equitable .	2
Now they 're attack ads .	The ads are all pleasant and kind .	2
Super-Paradise , in the next bay , is a gay , clothing-optional beach .	Super-Paradise does not permit gay people to be nude .	2
Oh , by the way , this is Mr. Hersheimmer , Sir James Peel Edgerton . "	Mr Hersheimmer was also introduced to Lady Godiva .	1
In terms of the ratio of population to usable land , Japan is the most densely populated country in the world .	Japan has a high ratio of population to usable land .	0
By serving as a readily available resource for organization employees , they helped clear up misunderstandings and provided guidance on topics that were not specifically addressed in written guidance .	There were misunderstandings about pay which were cleared up by readily available resources .	1
right yeah i saw that with my cousin just to see what you know what the kids are into	I haven 't seen that yet , and I have no interest in the kids .	2
In 1977 it was renamed after the black nationalist leader .	The black nationalist leader it was named for was wildly successful .	1
What is cause for some concern , though , is the peculiar public pedestal upon which they 've been placed , especially since Fred now is venturing into the arena of criminal-justice reform .	Fred is trying to reform the criminal justice system .	0
In recent years , an understanding has emerged that the federal government needs to be run in a more businesslike manner than in the past .	The federal government needed to become more businesslike than before .	0
Then you won 't do as I ask you ?	Are you my servant or not ?	1
For readers who are interested in more detailed information on the topics covered here , we also include a bibliography .	Apologies , but we do not have anymore information on the topic .	2
Then , click Cool Links . You will find yourself ...	Then , click Cool Links . You will find something .	0
through school through college i i just don 't think people have that opportunity anymore	People have the same opportunities as always .	2
It also states that any differences between the two analyses resulted from HCFA 's use of more recent or more complete hospital data .	It blames HCFA for the discrepancies in the two analyses .	1
Getting the president re-elected is only one of the many , many accomplishments claimed by Morris , who plays both Boswell and Johnson in his memoirs .	Getting the president elected for a third term is one of many accomplishments Morris claims in his memoirs , where he plays both Boswell and Johnson	1
um and i really i really had a racket going because uh my paycheck was being uh electronically deposited here in the states and the bank that i banked with i could write them a check on an American bank and they would give me instant credit for it so	My checks were sent to me in the mail .	2
and they 'll keep them until some fool comes along and buys them	So they keep them until a fool comes along and buys them for $ 2000-3000 .	1
well the fact i live in it and there 's just my dog and i now my dog is a wonderful traveler but i do have to stop for her quite frequently	I do not travel with my dog .	2
When it is not possible to obtain bicameral or bipartisan support , GAO will work with the requester to notify the other House or party of the request before GAO commits itself to do the work .	GAO helps the requester to notify the president .	2
i hate it too i just would rather stay the way it is	I don 't want it to get worse .	1
Lawrence Grosberg , a New York Law School professor and chair of the city Bar 's Legal Education and Admission to the Bar Committee , said he expects to issue a draft report on loan forgiveness within three months .	Professor Grosberg will submit the draft by the end of August 2017 .	1
When indigent citizens get in criminal trouble , public defenders are made available by law .	Public defenders are available to citizens who get in criminal trouble .	0
From fiscal year 1990 through fiscal year 1999 , the number of nonpostal civilian federal employees fell from about 2.3 million to about 1.9 million .	Nonpostal civilian employees fell from about 2.3 million to about 1.9 million from 1990 through 1999 .	0
Mr. Carter nodded .	Mr. Carter gave us a nod .	0
Saqqara was the final resting place for the rulers of Memphis and constitutes the largest royal graveyard in Egypt .	Memphis ' rulers didn 't really have a final resting place , so were just cremated and placed anywhere .	2
where am i calling	Where am I sitting ?	2
Likenesses can be found on canvas , on bronze or plaster medals , or as sculptures .	More likenesses are found on canvas than any other medium .	1
and i think Bush has turned out to be a lot better President than people gave him credit for	Bush turned out to be a better president than Nixon and JFK , but nobody gives him credit .	1
yeah i understand that we we have a real similar situation ours uh quintupled at least uh so there is a real family budget	Luckily ours hasn 't increased .	2
Neutral is generally understood to mean sell , outperform to mean your call , and accumulate to mean you might want to buy it if you have extra money lying around .	These terms are related to stocks .	1
1999 : UPN 's potential breakout hit , Shasta McCrackhead , is tamed into the disastrously dull Shasta McNasty . Look where it is in the ratings now .	Shasta McCrackhead was changed into Shasta McNasty .	0
The government uses the October 1997 through September 1998 review results as a baseline against which the results of subsequent reviews are measured .	Subsequent reviews are examined relative to October 1997 to September 1998 .	0
Don 't be a wretch .	You always act in such an unpleasant manner .	1
yeah exactly it 's like me with gardens i can go out there and plant a garden and then watch the bugs and	I am like that with my gardens too .	0
A bit of column embedded in a wall is now marked as Station IX , though it is of less interest than the convent itself .	Station IX is not as interesting as the convent itself .	0
No notice is paid to her coming and going in the house .	Everyone sees her coming and going .	2
right and that 's not even possible anymore i don 't think to be able to take care of your own kids without you know with everybody working these days	No one needs to work these days , so they can take are of their kids .	2
Przyrobacki returned from the press conference late , totally absorbed by the fractal construction of a cellular anti-stem theory , with which he was infected by an accidentally met professor from the same institute .	Przyrobacki was obsessed with the cellular anti-step theory .	0
Conditions are particularly strong on the west coast of Paros , where the World Windsurfing Championships are held every year .	The west coast of Paros features mild conditions ; windsurfers are better off trying their luck on the east coast .	2
and if you 've got a baby i mean it 's kind of neat thinking about it talking up to your baby and to to an infant	If you have a baby , it is good to talk to them .	0
They may prevent you from associating with the senator at an exclusive cocktail party for lobbyists and other large givers--but that 's the whole idea .	They openly allow you to engage freely .	2
the thing that i i then again i i tried pulling the trailer one year and i went everywhere with the trailer like to beaches and to stuff but that got to be a hassle you know breaking down and setting up and breaking down so i decided that	Unfortunately the trailer burned to the ground before I could pull it anywhere .	2
The Industrial Revolution	The industrial revolution didn 't happen .	2
10 11 In some classes , mailers transport much of their mail to downstream locations to take advantage of zoned rates for transportation .	Mailers use zoned rates to their advantage in some classes .	0
This section provides additional details about the technology assumptions that underpin the four emission scenarios .	The emission scenarios are dependent on technological advancements .	1
health effects assessment , environmental fate and effects assessment , EPA correspondence , and registrant comments ) .	The correspondence with the EPA was responded to promptly .	1
The company is upset not because Sidewalk provided a hyperlink to TicketMaster 's site , but because Sidewalk provided a hyperlink deep into TicketMaster 's site .	Sidewalk had malicious intent in their dealing with TicketMaster .	1
In the 19th and early 20th centuries , Spain was both economically weak and politically unstable .	Spain had a strong economy and stable political structure .	2
I would like to know and she could have told us .	I want to know the information .	0
Strategic Directions 2000 - 2005 challenges LSC staff to expand the support offered to LSC programs and to increase state planning guidance specifically to improve clients ' opportunities to access a full range of high quality civil legal services .	The Strategic Directions said that no one needed access to legal services .	2
yeah that 's a good deal well when you did keep a a budget all the time how strictly did you do that i mean was it real precise or	Did you record every penny , when you kept a budget ?	1
yeah i did i stood there and i did take care of it it took forever though and i think God just had some grace there because i don 't think if it had been my child i don 't think that would have worked what i did in order to get them to eat that food you know	I managed to sort it all out , but it took a long time .	0
In 1992 , the paper delayed its expose of masher Sen.	The paper delayed the report for three months .	1
To avoid the substantial volatility in the implied interest rate after 2005 as a result of declining debt , interest rates are held constant at 5.4 percent-the average interest rate assumed by CBO on short- and long-term Treasury securities-from 2005 through the end of the simulation period .	The debt declined by 25 % .	1
cGross nonfederal saving is held constant as a share of GDP at 16 .	cGross nonfederal saving is held constant as a share of GDP at 11 .	2
The four glasshouse groups , built between 1843 and 1868 , have been magnificently restored .	The glasshouse groups were left in their original condition and are not restored .	2
yeah there was a little girl picked up in Rowlett from uh from her front yard and her dad was working in the back yard and had just left her few minutes in the front yard and somebody apparently drove up and took her and they never saw her again	An adult women in Rowlett is perfectly safe .	2
oh now that 's nice yeah	That is not nice .	2
The President 's Clear Skies Initiative is designed to help us meet our national air quality goals .	The President began the initiative in the hope that their successor would follow suit .	1
Ancient seismic activity forced the stratified rock towards the sky and the action of wind and frosehave fashioned it into bizarre shapes .	The ancient seismic activity kept all rocks planted firmly on the ground , retaining their shape for eternity .	2
yeah all it was they wasn 't mild you know they was just bad side effects	They should explain on the box how bad the side effects could be and why they are so bad .	1
They rarely consider cases in which a character was copied or a plot was stolen .	They only consider cases where a plot was stolen .	2
And this account of them was published in Slate , so it 's probably wrong , too .	It is probably wrong , but there is a chance that it is correct .	1
And other wine growers , such as those around Bordeaux , may have more handsome chateaux .	Wine growers around Bordeaux live in chateaus .	1
Senate race in New York , but not before he had had a conversation with Johnson in which he admitted his own insecurities about making the race .	The man didn 't talk to Johnson at all about his insecurities of the race .	2
Happened once before , without this mess-up of the signs .	Without this mess-up of the signs , happened once before .	0
Assessing the Efficacy and Safety of Medical Technologies .	Assessing efficiency and safety of medical tech	0
those are real i have a several of those that i 've made like as wedding gifts you know i made them out of all lace and	They 're fake , I totally didn 't make them myself .	2
'You 're not worried at all ? ' I asked .	I was worried and thought they should be too .	1
For the latter , the only value in their story is in its If they had told their benefactors that Bill Clinton was an upright man who never told a lie or looked twice at a woman , they wouldn 't have got a dime .	The story only value in the story would have been if they said that Bill Clinton was an honest man .	0
In the letter to Administrator Whitman , Senators Jeffords and Lieberman asked for an analysis of four different scenarios , requesting that EPA analyze the cost and benefits , including all sectors of the economy and impacts on both the supply and demand side of the equation , of the following multi-pollutant emission control scenarios for the nation 's electricity generators .	The senators did not request any analyses .	2
37Social insurance does not include programs established solely or primarily for Federal employees , such as pension and other retirement plans .	Social insurance does not include programs established solely or primarily for Federal employees .	0
This is kind of a different problem from what I 've seen in your column , but here I am not yet 30 and continue to move up in my rather buttoned-up company , where most of the male executives are married to , shall we say , plain women .	My coworkers are married to supermodels .	2
But I don 't think that even the Journal ' s editors , who come as close to being propagandists as anyone in the mass media , should be accused of trying to run interference for Starr .	The Journal 's editors favor Republicans .	1
Over the long term , many other nations currently financing investment in the United States will themselves be confronted with aging populations and declining national saving .	Many nations are investing in Canada .	2
This is the first we have heard of the deceased taking strychnine at the time of her death .	We hadn 't heard about the dead female taking strychnine when she died .	0
uh had to read Lost Horizons for her English class and i just realized i had never read it growing up so i just finished reading that for enjoyment	I don 't need to read any books for my English class .	2
oh right i didn 't know there was a proposal to serve young people to have a year of public service	Who introduced the idea that young people have a year of public service ?	0
Helen Chenoweth , R-Idaho , belongs to the black-helicopter school of government . )	Chenoweth is a Republican lawmaker .	0
um-hum well the US pays the US pays less taxes than almost every industrialized country um	The U.S. pays more taxes than every other country in the world .	2
it 's not plastic i didn 't want to buy a plastic one	I hate plastic , and I would never buy plastic .	1
okay well personally i don 't have any children i 'm twenty two and i 'm doing my Master 's at NC State so uh uh children wouldn 't be very convenient for me right now	I would like to have children some day after I finish my studies .	1
Guangzhou was China 's major seaport for 2,000 years and the center for European traders in the 19th century .	European traders were not allowed in China until the 20th century .	2
Sunset Plaza ( 8600-8700 Sunset Boulevard at Sunset Plaza Drive ) has been an elite shopping area since 1934 .	Sunset Plaza has been an exclusive shopping plaza for ages .	0
it does it does it it absolutely does so	It does what it says .	1
But when important issues can 't be negotiated , both the covenant marriage and the no-fault contract become more attractive , for different reasons .	There were no other choices but to negotiate .	2
As shown in Table 2 , the net effect of these assumptions is to lower the expected level of electricity consumption while continuing to meet the same level of service demanded by utility customers .	The level of electricity consumption is expected to increase based on the assumptions .	2
Further , it recognized the Federal Bureau of Investigation 's National Infrastructure Protection Center as a national threat assessment , warning , vulnerability , and law enforcement investigation and response center .	It is recognized that the FBI has an infrastructure .	0
But because it is put forward by a fatuous Charleston , S.C. , college professor , we hear it for what Horwitz rightly calls a clever glide around race and slavery , rather like the slick-tongued defense of the Southern ' way of life ' made by antebellum orators , South Carolinians in particular .	Antebellum orators used to make logically consistent and rational arguments about life in the South before the war .	1
I really wonder that I did not think of it myself . " Poirot did not appear to be listening to me .	Poirot listened closely to me .	2
Chennai was set up in 1642 as the East India Company 's first east coast trading station for shipping cotton and sugar .	In 1642 , The East India Company established Chennai as its first east coast trading post for cotton and sugar .	0
mine 's got a flat tire so i 'm gonna have to do something about that	I 've got a flat tire , so I 'm going to have it fixed .	0
number of innovative practices were noted that may have broader implications .	Sadly , no innovative practices have been noticed and noted .	2
He 's going out of the gate .	Stealthily , he 's sliding through the gate .	1
Anything to keep from turning into one of those people .	Those people are annoying to be around .	1
covered enough of of this for for what this is all about	Enough has been covered for what this is about .	0
Interestingly , Bradley also believes that modern European Jews are Khazars , which means he must argue not only that biblical Hebrews were Neanderthals , but that so were Khazars .	Bradley has known all along that Khazars were Neanderthals .	1
The Commission also describes how excluding small business issuers from all but the accounting policy disclosures required by the rule limits substantially the application of the amendments to small entities .	There are many small business issuers who feel that there should also be an exclusion from the accounting policy disclosure .	1
The old man looked back and finally nodded his head .	The man looked back and nodded his head .	0
It will come to you , but perhaps not right away . "	It will appear eventually .	0
That 's all . Tuppence went back to the pantry more thoughtful than ever .	Tuppence could not stop thinking about how he would propose .	1
Start at the confluence of the V ? ? zyre and Dordogne rivers , where the hilltop village of Limeuil affords a fine view of both valleys and their bridges meeting at right angles down below .	Limeuil is located on a hill near the Dordogne river .	0
The rocs had better range and altitude than any planes of equal hauling power .	The rocs were performing quite poorly compared to the other planes .	2
You did your best .	Your best got us closer to the goal .	1
I feel good .	I 'm fine .	0
LSC is governed by an eleven-member bipartisan Board of Directors appointed by the President of the United States with the advice and consent of the Senate .	There is a single person who governs LSC .	2
Many responses cast Donald Trump not as a genuine womanizer , able to exploit his transient sexual partners on his own merits , but as a pseudo-womanizer whose consorts see him as a sort of moon-faced paycheck .	Many of those responses also disagree completely with Trump 's views on climate change .	1
Therefore , research should not focus on foundational and efficacy trials , but on the practical matter of successfully adapting proven intervention techniques to the emergency department setting .	Intervention techniques that have been proven should be adapted .	1
If i = j , then it is the own-price elasticity of demand , otherwise magnitude is called the cross-price elasticity of demand .	If i = / j , then it is the own-price elasticity of demand	2
In an era when the egos of male athletes are dwarfed only by their paychecks , the World Cup women , minimum wagers by pro-sports standards , reminded the country that sports superstars can be gracious and grateful , coos Newsweek . CNN 's Bruce Morton observes approvingly that unlike male athletes , the female players don 't have million dollar contracts or big shoe deals .	The World Cup women don 't make much money because only 10 % of the tickets get sold .	1
right and uh uh so they send you to that and then they monitor you i i believe on a weekly basis you have to go in and take a test for and this goes on for several months	They monitor you to make sure you 're not taking drugs .	1
Documentation errors , clerical errors , and potential fraud and abuse were identified .	There was a very large number of possible errors and fraud identified .	1
Because SAWS and H-2A workers were deemed to be permanent resident aliens , they became subject to the presence requirement in the Corporation 's appropriations act .	SAWS workers became subject to the presence requirement .	0
Lalley said the center will be staffed by Western Michigan Legal Services and a rotation of volunteers from the bar .	The center is going to be staffed by volunteers .	0
both i think it 's it 's a matter of both um economics economics has a lot to do with it unfortunately but uh i think a lot of choice has gone into it lately and and most of them or or a lot of women i know would rather	It is both a matter of economics and morality that are relevant .	1
More than a month after the son was killed , the siege was lifted .	The siege is still ongoing .	2
This is a small museum revealing a little-known part of Dublin 's community .	Dublin has a community .	0
CCLS , which provides legal services to indigent people in the coalfields region of southwestern Virginia , has been an LSC grantee since 1980 .	CCLS provides legal services to indigent people in Virginia .	0
This is a huge country .	This country is very big .	0
More ambiguously , it proscribes special access to government officials .	Government officials have limited access to surveillance data because of privacy rights .	2
A System of Logic	The system is illogical .	2
well the camping i grew up with was like tents and Coleman stove type and uh you know that just either out in the woods or actually i i grew up water skiing i was uh from California and so we would go up to the Sacramento uh river sloughs the delta there	Water skiing was my favorite thing to do growing up .	1
i think you keeping him on death row for nine years was cruel and unusual torture	He was never put on the death row .	2
Pretty ...	ugly	2
Drew lingered by Shadow 's box .	Drew stood in Shadows box ,	2
that 's it forever and ever all all you have to do is you don 't have it let something bad happen and that hospital will slap a lien on you so fast because they do it routinely	If you don 't have insurance and have an accident , you could end up with a lien against you for unpaid bills .	1
Japan 's celebrated puppet theater can be seen at the National BunrakiaTheater in Osaka 's Nipponbashi district , although performances are also put on several weeks each year at Tokyo 's National Theater .	Tokyo 's National Theater is never the host to a performance .	2
I know what I 'm talking about tho I may get drunk and act childish socially ...	Even though I get drunk and act childish , I know what I 'm talking about .	0
You would , would you ! " His voice trailed off into a fresh roar of rage as he caught sight of other slaves taking advantage of his attention to Hanson to relax .	He saw other slaves relaxing as he was distracted with Hanson .	0
The Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) performed a cost and benefit analysis evaluating the economic impact of the final rule .	The FDA did not bother to conduct a cost and benefit analysis and as a result the final rule was not known to have any economic impact .	2
and uh i i think there you know it 's a pretty good option to have of course the 401K 401K is is a good you know it 's a good savings vehicle	I would not advise you to go into a 401k because it is a terrible way to save money .	2
the uh the automotive industry is in dire needs of something in this in this country and it 's too bad uh the Toyota we bought i i bought second hand i did not buy it new uh	I think that the automotive industry needs some changes .	0
Brandy is the sweetheart of black America--she 's Whitney Houston before Bobby Brown .	Brandy is hated by black America .	2
Boris Yeltsin , who didn 't trust the army , further damaged it by elevating the interior ministry--with its hundreds of thousands of soldiers--as a separate , independent foundation of military power .	Yeltsin acted to undermine the army by giving more power to the interior ministry separate from the established military command chain .	0
And in a lower voice : " He is also Coroner , you understand .	" You know , he 's Coroner too " , they said in a voice lower than before .	0
To the left is the Five-Story Pagoda , and across the courtyard is the main hall of Sensoji .	There is no courtyard .	2
especially yeah i mean	I am going to have to say no .	2
by the authorities do we step in well in some cases we would and i i think that 's what makes it so difficult	Sometimes it 's necessary for the authorities to step in .	0
After his wife 's death , Jagiello ruled both Poland and Lithuania for nearly half a century , establishing a dynasty that would remain in power until 1572 .	Poland and Lithuania have always had separate rulers .	2
One route required the user to access the Information Sources , Dockets , and Air and Radiation Docket and Information Center web pages before arriving at a link to proposed rules available for comment .	One route required the user to access the Information Sources , Dockets , and Air and Radiation Docket .	0
do it and get it over with	Rushing to finish and end the misery often is an act of mercy for them .	1
Fifth , some parties take the Efficient Component Pricing ( ECP ) rule as one that should be applied wherever opportunity presents itself .	The ECP allows one to price components as low as possible which results in large savings .	1
China and Japan were not on speaking terms , so trade between them had to be channeled through a neutral middleman .	A neutral middleman facilitated trade between China and Japan .	0
A piece reports on anti-drug Mormon youths who are terrorizing Salt Lake City .	The Mormon youths have never broken the law .	2
no i don 't care for those	I do not care for those .	0
kids with elderly people in the winter time they shovel their snow they have a big brother big sister program they have bottle drives they have cleanup outings	The kids do not participate in any activities to help the elderly .	2
Unlike Rubin , Summers believes in lots of government intervention in the economy and does not trust Wall Street .	Summers believes in an unfettered , unregulated financial industry .	2
According to legend , the trees which once grew here were planted by Lot after he fled Sodom , and one of them was later used to fashion Jesus 's crose	The legend says that the trees were planted by Moses .	2
you don 't feel you don 't feel guilty about it	Your conscience is telling you to stop doing that .	2
There is a natural greenhouse effect that contributes to warming .	The natural greenhouse effect cools the earth .	2
All sorts of potential Dole scandals have been soft-pedaled by the media , including the Times , because he is so far behind .	The media goes after Dole with pitchforks at every chance .	2
One Hong Kong-based brokerage estimates that inflows will grow to $ 75 .	The inflows will be increasing by a lot	1
City carriers drive an estimated 15 miles per day .	15 miles per day can be roughly a full day of work at the speeds the city carriers tend to drive ( 5-10 mph )	1
Doctorow compares Starr to Joseph Starr has shown us how a conscienceless , ideologically vindictive use of the investigative privilege can undercut the legitimacy of any duly elected American government .	Elected government can be undercut by an ideologically driven investigator .	0
People are judged and , in turn , judge others by how they look .	Judgement is something that goes both ways .	0
Without a national program , each of the OTC states would adopt a state-by-state program , mostly based on the California program , unless a state could show it could meet the Clean Air Act requirements by some other means .	They wanted it to be consistent .	1
Don 't you understand even that much elementary science ? " Hanson didn 't get a chance to answer .	Dave Hanson didn 't get the chance to answer .	0
The Church reinforced the Holy Office 's Inquisition and the Index to censor the arts .	The church never existed .	2
Me ... were th ' Old Man poundin ' th ' hills flat lookin ' for me , I 'd crawl th ' nearest bronc an ' make myself as scarce as a snake 's two ears . " Nye shrugged .	The old man always has his handgun on him .	1
Come on , Annette .	We 're leaving you , Annette .	2
But in 1803 , only three years after retaking it , France sold Louisiana to the United States for $ 15 million .	France gave Louisiana to the United States .	2
and then you 've got maintenance expenses but the overall cost is is a a lot cheaper now and where you 're single now 's the time to do it when you 're married you know got to have time you 're not going to have money you 're not going to have	There are maintenance expenses .	0
I saw a strange look come into Dorcas 's eyes .	When I saw Dorcas , she had a strange look in her eyes .	1
right well that 's it i but i have gotten we have cable and so um that 's	We are still thinking of getting cable .	2
But to my knowledge he never held a commission from the South , and he is nothing but an outlaw trading on the unsettled state of the territory .	He was like an outhouse .	2
Passaic Legal Aid argues that LSC has effectively debarred it from receiving future grants without providing the notice and hearing required by law .	Passaic Legal Aid said LSC should get a $ 1miilon grant .	2
75 million in interest that accrued in several state cases brought on behalf of consumers .	The consumers were assisted by lawyers doing pro bono work .	1
These evenings must have been great fun , said Poirot genially .	All of the events are what make the evenings so much fun .	1
The ongoing government scrutiny itself may help to explain the absence of verifiable episodes of anti-competitive behavior by Microsoft .	Microsoft shows anti-competitive behavior .	1
Shadow 's small daughter breakfasted .	Shadow 's daughter did not eat anything for breakfast .	2
never yeah and then on the other hand too while he was out busy running for the presidential thing the legislature was having their own way	He lost anyway , but the legislature was getting their way while he tried to run for president .	1
uh-huh kind of like a Goodwill kind of place yeah yeah yeah that 's that 's real helpful too	A Goodwill will be helpful	1
Tommy ? queried Sir James , looking across at the American .	The American 's name was Tommy .	1
The most popular way to get there is by scheduled flight from Saint-Martin or Guadeloupe .	No ever flies there from Saint-Martin or Guadeloupe .	2
Is this behavior still appropriate and / or useful ?	Too many people act this way .	1
But for the moment , I could not move .	I could move all parts of my body for the moment .	2
On the basis of their comments and our continuing reviews of leading organizations , we consolidated and refined the list of practices to those presented in this guide .	We expanded our lists to make this guide more comprehensive .	2
sadistic ( Alex Ross , The New Yorker ) . A few critics take the audience 's boos as evidence of New York opera-goers ' conservatism .	The New York Opera-goers have no signs of appearing conservative .	2
For a more detailed discussion of altruistic values related to the value of life , see Jones-Lee ( 1992 ) .	The value of life has altruistic values associated with it .	0
Likely not , said San 'doro .	San 'doro told me that it was very likely to happen .	2
Sometimes the people who represent themselves don 't even know the significant facts of their case .	Public defenders are available to help those who try to represent themselves in court to better understand their cases .	1
Half the warlocks were lying motionless , and the other half had clustered together , close to the building where Hanson and Sather Karf stood .	Half of the warlocks were lying motionless because they had just been killed .	1
uh we can demand uh more efficient automobiles for one thing i still think that 's that 's uh one of our major causes of pollutants	It 's my belief that vehicles are a major cause of pollution .	0
It must be Alfred Inglethorp . " Poirot shook his head gravely .	Poirot ruminated solemnly that Alfred Inglethorp must have done it .	0
Many guides point out a green healthy plant in the courtyard as a regeneration of the original .	That green healthy plant in the courtyard is just a rebirth of the original , as pointed out by many guides .	0
Very fit , experienced walkers enjoy the peak walks , which involve steeper climbs and lead to the very highest points of the Lake District .	The mountain is too steep to climb .	2
perhaps compulsory education	maybe education that is required .	0
He looked to Jon and then turned to the Kal instead .	Jon was getting ready to tell them battle orders .	1
" I forget , you have not been in Tubacca long .	He forgot that he has not been in Tubaca long because it seems to him that they have known each other for a long time .	1
because since i 'm an international student they want to send me back to Argentina well my dad wants me to go back so	I 'm an international student so they want to keep me here .	2
EPA addressed OIRA 's concerns by lessening the information collection requirements for risk management plans in its final rule .	The EPA ignored OIRA 's concerns in its final rule .	2
Today the visitor will find an atmosphere of rather bleak serenity that is in itself as evocative as the remaining concrete bunkers and blockhouses , some simple monuments on the sites of the action , and the miles of croses in the military cemeteries .	The miles of crosses in the military cemeteries were carefully tended to .	1
Research is needed to confirm and extend the findings to date about interventions in emergency settings .	There is plenty of evidence so more research into emergency settings isn 't needed .	2
Now , remember a few minutes ago when I talked about the Commission and Postal Service difference of opinion on the matter of how costs vary with volume ?	Remember how I was saying that the Postal Service are trying to cut costs by sending packages filled with helium ?	1
It is hard to punch fog .	Punching fog is a great way to hit yourself in the head .	1
With just one exception .	There was only one deviation .	0
In short , the Administration supports a clean coal policy as a critical component of our nation 's energy and environmental policies , recognizing that other sources of energy also have a critical role to play .	Coal is the most significant issue impacting energy and environmental policies .	1
Not much .	Very little .	1
or disseminating hog cholera disease agents into the United States and will not have a significant impact on the quality of the human environment .	There are many who would nonetheless consider the dissemination of agents of hog cholera disease in the US a bad idea .	1
The famous coziness among politicians , bureaucrats , and private companies , together with the strong cultural emphasis on relationship-building and a lack of transparency and accountability , eventually led to corrupt practices of endemic proportions .	The close relationships between private companies and politicians led to greater transparency and accountability .	2
Bakeries and newsagents open mornings only on most fiestas but don 't count on it .	Most bakeries and newsagents close for the whole day .	1
Return to Foog 's Gate the name and age of the gate remain a source of debate to enter the upper ward and the oldest parts of the castle .	Foog 's Gate was built in 1749 .	2
Do you think it is that arbitrary ?	Could it be random ?	1
The record was reopened on November 7 , 1995 .	The record remained closed in November of 1995 .	2
a716 ( a ) , which requires each agency to give GAO information the Comptroller General requires about the duties , powers , activities , organization , and financial transactions of the agency .	Comptroller General goes sailing in the GAO office .	2
( The prodigious James Wood , the most gifted literary critic of his generation , springs to mind . )	The worst critic is history , James Wood , come to mind .	2
( Actually , I think his definition of a hack is incorrect ; a hack is one who 's paid by the word or line , not one to whom the rules of journalism don 't apply . )	Throw the dictionary to the wind . Words do not have meanings anymore .	2
It is far better to allow a daily ration of a couple of major temples , a museum , and a strolling garden or two than to cram everything into a short time , leaving only a blur of each and a lasting impression of none .	Cramming allows for a lasting impression of everything .	2
2 / Advertising mail only includes First-Class stand-alone advertising mail that is sent by businesses to households .	Advertising mail is often sent in mass to thousands of people .	1
The post office was virtually destroyed in the fighting but has since been fully restored .	The post office , nearly destroyed in the fighting , has now been restored .	0
And he sounded sincere .	He sounded sincere.He was sounding sincere in his words .	0
and uh i guess the most significant probably is that so many are working now and trying to juggle	The least significant is that a lot are working .	2
Fawcett 's spokeswoman says the actress was suffering from food poisoning .	The actress was suffering from a broken arm .	2
As drafted , S. 556 would make some existing requirements unnecessary , but would not eliminate them .	The requirements are being changed to be more clear .	1
Amidst all this , Jack Lord and his hair died .	Jack died amidst it all .	0
Monsieur Kramenin ? said the latter abruptly .	The entire room was completely silent .	2
Must be Mike Gerson .	It 's without a doubt Mike Gerson .	0
On matters of design , the guidelines discuss the clarity of issues , the relationship of the evaluation question to the case study application selected , the basis for case study selection , and the time span of the study .	The guidelines discuss the clarity of issues regarding cooking .	2
Yet he was still alive !	But he was still alive , without a scratch .	1
Chapter headings in Wendy Shalit 's new book , When Modesty Fails .-- Ananda Gupta	When Modesty Fails is Wendy Shalit 's highest selling book .	1
Unless that Lieutenant Spath up at the camp tries again with that long-legged black of his , " Topham added .	Barring that the Lieutenant attempts to do it again .	0
He 's even got a scroll to give him , loaded with titles , with imposing names .	The scroll is simple , and is very short .	2
And the girl was very young nineteen , I believe .	The girl was well into her forties .	2
It 's too bad Debunker ( someone suggested we call it CrapShoot ) isn 't up and running now , because there were a couple of nice examples in the State of the Union .	Debunker is not open .	0
Finally he abandoned his task , shaking his head gravely .	He feared the worst .	1
The outer pylon is majestic .	The outer pylons twin lies deeper within the chamber .	1
The Communists briefly occupied an intermediate stage in the hierarchy of inefficiency .	They were not very effective .	0
Throughout the 19th century , the United States , keenly interested in the island 's strategic significance and its sugar market , had become increasingly involved in Cuban affairs .	United States has been involved in Cuban affairs throughout the 19th century to help each others economy .	1
This is the settlement where the generations of painters , masons , and builders who worked on the royal tombs lived .	The settlement was for royalty and family only .	2
yeah oh shoot it 's only about ten bucks a month	The cost for cell phone insurance is around ten dollars a month .	1
Formed by square posts with finely sculptured panels , the gates are topped by three architraves ( crosears ) , one placed above the other with dwarfs or animals .	Formed by triangle posts with coarsely sculptured panels .	2
Participants believed that it is important to continue working toward more effective boards of directors and discussed the importance of clearly defining and , in some cases , redefining , the roles and responsibilities of the board of directors of public companies as a significant measure to help restore investor confidence in the market .	Refining roles and responsibilities of boards of directors is always going to be beneficial .	1
Caravaggio 's only still life , Bowl of Fruit , is here .	The rest of Caravaggio 's paintings were portraits .	1
In 1958 , 4 percent of white Americans approved of interracial marriages .	Many more people support interracial marriage today than in 1958 .	1
LSC believes that the total number of LSC eligible clients served by LSC grantees is of considerable relevance .	LSC believed the number of LSC eligible clients served by LSC grants is relevant	0
But I still don 't see how he managed to prove his alibi , and yet go to the chemist 's shop ? Poirot stared at me in surprise .	Poirot looked at me in disbelief .	1
Farming can be a lonely life , and even in modern times it is rare for the families to take time off from the hard work and socialize .	Not working a 9 to 5 job allows plenty of time for recreational activities .	2
The girl shook her head wonderingly .	The girl was shaking her head " no " .	1
The first theory is flexible enough to withstand fossil evidence , but the second isn 't .	Fossil evidence is useless in proving or disproving either theories .	2
yeah well i wonder why did they say why	I am not sure what they were thinking at the time .	1
Hitler was an easy target	The hardest target of all was Hitler .	2
The debate was inspired by Adam Gopnik 's recent New Yorker review of Florence Rubenfeld 's new biography , Clement A Life , and the Charlie Finch review in ArtNet magazine .	Adam Gopnik writes reviews for the New Yorker magazine .	0
Surprises spring up on all new industrial complexes alongside sleepy farming villages , skyscraper towns blooming in the middle of nowhere , Hakka women in their traditional flat straw hats with hanging black curtains , water buffalo , and flashes of azalea everywhere .	The skyscraper towns are the hubs of finance and stock trading in the region .	1
what 's going to stop them from you know other people to	We need to step up security measures and institute a community watch program .	1
Another approach would involve tracking changes to the estimated completion date for a system .	Out of all of the possible approaches , this is perhaps the least viable .	1
Now , if we perform the same exercise using the actual FY 1998 First-Class and Standard A volume figures of 101 .	We can do the same thing using the First-Class and Standard A numbers .	0
They are a product of the territory served and the current state of technology which would be employed by an efficient firm .	The firm is merely a product of the CEO 's imagination .	2
Gambling is wildly popular with the Chinese of Hong Kong , and they make up nearly 80 percent of all visitors to the casinos .	The casinos of Hong Kong host a clientele mostly consisting of Chinese citizens .	0
Careful analysis is needed to determine the need for additional flexibilities .	The need for additional flexibility is determined through careful analysis .	0
( The doo-wop- and Latin-influenced musical details the redemption of a Puerto Rican teen who commits murder in 1959 New York . )	The Puerto Rican teen at the center of the story eventually feels remorse after the murder .	1
While these attorneys are joined by thousands of volunteer attorneys who last year contributed more than 27,000 hours of free legal assistance , civil justice is still unavailable for thousands who need it .	Most people who do not have access to Legal Services are poor	1
