These sounded fantastic.. however they are INCREDIBLY uncomfortable	2
Squirrels haven't reached the food yet but I haven't seen birds at the feeder either. Only takes suet and not bird seed.	2
Likes: Easy to use right out of the box. -Comfortable wristband. -Super long battery life lasted for days before recharge. -Accurate step counter and ok HR monitor. Dislikes: -Instructions were difficult to follow with poor English. -Some grammatical errors in the app make it difficult to think of it as a high quality product. -HR sensor is not as accurate when compared to my two other fitness devices or self-checking of my pulse but it isn’t far off, maybe 10 bpm max. - not sensitive enough to turn on when I lifted my wrist, causing me to have to manually press on it to light up -I wish the back light stayed on longer or there is a way to adjust how long it stays on. Overall, for the price it’s fine. I still don’t myself using my other fitness bands more.	2
This is a good massage pillow. I have two issues with it. One, it is really aggressive and hurts at times. I love hard massages but this is too hard. My other issue is when I have it on my upper back it slips upward and I have to hold it in place. Other than that, it does its job.	2
Works okay but greasy. attracts dirt. Just wipe down after applying.	2
Easy to pair but only speaks Chinese. Ridiculous.	1
Unicorns are her favorite so the assortment of what was bundled here was perfect!	2
This toy has two squeakers--one is in the head and one is in the tail. The body & feet are flat and they don't have any filler or squeakers. Since I can sew, I'l going to put some batting inside this toy and add a couple more squeakers so my pup can have a better time playing with it. The price was right, even though I'm going to improve it.	2
I received the product but not happy.I plug it in upside down.The attractant I put it in other way.The prongs is inverted.	1
Do not purchase. I never received my item and I'm now worried that they have taken my information for fraudulent use.	1
The figures from play mobile are so wonderful ! Perfect for little hands and make believe	2
Even though I'm not utterly enthralled with Wysocki art, I love doing these 1000 pc puzzles as I can usually get one done in a day. The puzzle pieces are above average in quality....there is no puzzle dust to speak of, the pieces are NOT delaminating like some inferior brand pieces, they interlock well but are also easy to disconnect when taking the puzzle apart. The piece shapes are 'classic' without any crazy-shapes and are average in size (not tiny and not oversize).	2
These are the old fashioned flyswatters from days gone by that actually work and don’t break things. It’s a design that never needed to be improved on. Thank you for still making these.	2
This is a very nice case and it seems to fit the phone just fine. It did take months to finally receive it.	2
However if you sleep on it every night it breaks in 3 months.	1
Amazing cup besides the fact the straw was cracked.	2
Bought this set because I had a bulb fail in 8 months. The room it was in is not used very much. I have had standard bulbs last for three years in that room.	2
Broke after 3 days.... Such a disappointment	1
Bought this as a gift for my son for Christmas. He really liked it but was a bit too small for him so I have to return it for a bigger size. Good quality. Smooth texture.	1
I love the concept of the product. However I've had it for a few months now and I'm looking to replace it. It leaks like crazy when attempting to use it. First couple a months was great but recently its been a pain in the butt.	1
Great service and on time	2
I am a size 14 pant and a 38D bra and bought a size XL. It fit exactly how I wanted. There isn't a ton of support on top, though. I dug the panties and they fit well. More importantly though, my husband liked the whole look. :)	2
A little smaller than I thought it would be, but a decent case for lots of small items. The pockets with zippers are a little small though.	2
I purchased a 40lb bag as you can see above and I reviewed a 25lb bag.	1
4.5 stars. This has the lyrical beauty of a poem. I found myself so drawn into Garcia's use of sensory recall -- the scent of trees or the feel of material against someone's skin. In addition to her ability to pull a reader in due to gifted writing, the generational view of family and the related impact of Castro's Cuba make this a fascinating read.	2
This is a nice product if your skin is oily to combination. It has a very light spa like fragrance and doesn’t irritate my skin or break me out. I just wish it was more hydrating since my skin is on the dry side. The product does absorb nicely and doesn’t sit on your face but with a sleeping mask I prefer a thicker texture for more hydration. The price is great, you receive a ton of product- it would have been 5 stars if it offered more hydration. My face does look a little smoother but nothing life changing. I may repurchase in the summer when my skin isn’t so dry. But oily skin people would love this. I purchased this with my own money.	2
Great taste with large nuts.	2
This was very easy to set up and has clear pictures. I will purchase again.	2
Only 3 watches came in package even though it's listed as a pack of 4. Seller refunded me 1/4 of the cost though, so they come out to the same price per each watch. Kids really enjoyed them, but they don't last long. Not bad for the price.	2
Day one after install they looked great nice and bright. But after a night of riding they didn't seem to work right. One of the lights are red and the rest of the lights no longer operate right with the app. Is this covered under warranty?	1
It could not take very many drops before the light stopped working correctly on all settings. High setting has started to behave like low setting.	2
I thought led bulbs were supposed to last longer!? Passenger side bulb is out after being installed for 3 days. These are garbage do not buy them!	1
Perfect for my projects. Thank you so much.	2
Should have been rayon material	2
I bought this bartender set and barely has two weeks of use and has you can see in the pictures the quality is horrible. I dont recommend it at all, is too expensive, cheap quality.	1
Product arrived on time and was like pictured. Hang them up before you take the ties off the long strands so they do not get tangled!	2
The initial flavor is great but it gets tasteless very quickly	2
Everything about them is lovely and wonderful save for the storage. GREAT price for a two jars and the rack. (Need to find a single rack so I can use them individually. Would have been an easy up-sell if it was a suggested purchase with the set.) The box they come in was cheap and the Styrofoam was falling apart and clinging to EVERYTHING, so I threw it out. Still on the hunt for the best way to store them. (They are currently wrapped in newspaper and in a too large storage bin, but I thought that better than a too small bin.)	2
I haven't had a chance to use the snorkel set yet. I'm kind of concerned with the fins. They're quite stiff and feel cheap. LIke I said I can't give a full review yet since my cruise isn't for 2 more weeks. It's packaged nice in bag for easy carrying. The mask seems to fit nicely. I'm excited to use it and hoping the fins don't dig into my foot because of the stiffness.	2
This short story might appeal to teenagers but as an adult woman I felt it lacked substance. Not motivational at all.	1
Made my crows feet, forehead lines and eye puffiness disappear in seconds. It's like a miracle in a bottle!	2
I did not order these to wear as pants, so I never expected them to be ultra thick. However, I can see my skin through the material, which I think looks like a bad pair of tights under my dresses, so I sent them back.	1
Not giving up the ending. A must wast movie.	2
Good cartridges, work well so far. A little bit more expensive than some other vendors on Amazon.	2
don't know if this is just snake oil but it did nothing for my signal. since it does not have its own power input or indicator light who knows if its even on because from what I've read on here your hdmi cable can affect if it works or not thats why I give it a poor rating because you have no way to figure out if you have a defective one if your cables are bad or if this is even on at all	1
These are not good pecans! Not quite bad enough to throw away, but have that sort of musty taste and are soft in texture compared to other brands. Checked the date: they are supposed to be good through Spring of 2019. Had been buying the Planters brand, which only seem to come in smaller containers, and decided to give these a try . . . won't make that mistake again.	1
I did not purchase this	1
Loved the history, the intertwined relationships. Loved the Irish and loved the realistic characters. Stayed up late cause I couldn't stop reading!	2
Literally what the headline says. It's super cute and perfect for my room. I just wish it was a little bigger. It really helps carrying my stuff up and down the stairs; better than the basic square baskets. It also allows me extra room in my closet and as I redo my bedroom it fits perfectly! I'm really glad I made this purchase.	2
It is too big than I thought and when you touch the bag, material is not very good. It is too thin. From far look is good	2
Just in one day after use, the metal part came off from the rubber part of the sim card slot. Had to glue it back together. Then after about 3 weeks the leg like piece came off. Waste of money.	1
Seems to be a normal/average battery as far as strength. Enjoyed the price/value. However ordered a six pack. It was opened & only contained 5. Won't be ordering again.	2
Didn't work, bigger than expected, easily visible	1
The desk will work for me short term. I realized that it is more of a student desk. Also 1 hole did not mesh so I had to leave off a screw. I am hoping it is something that I did wrong and not the table it's self. My brother in law said he'll take a look at it next time he visits.	2
I liked the size, shape, and simplicity of this percolator, but the results are inconsistent. Often the coffee comes out very light and it doesn’t matter how much ground coffee is loaded.	1
It was a relatively easy installation and simple instructions for use. I was really happy to see that both my lake and ocean kayak fit securely. However, after one use there were some rips in the arm padding. I added a photo of one of them. About 4 in all. Wish it was a sturdier material, especially with the price.	2
The clip broke the same day	2
Day delivery and exactly as specified.	2
Shrunk so much after one wash they were unwearable there after	1
Cute bag and overall sturdy! The issue I have it’s smaller that I thought it would be.	2
Easy to connect and mount. However, even at maximum sensitivity, it won’t turn the lights on unless you cycle the light switch several times or you get 3-4 feet away from the sensor and wave your hands!	2
It was the wrong one	1
Tasty, but a little be too sugary.	2
Only problem was that you had to open both side doors before you can open the center door otherwise very good product	2
This is definitely not tangle free.	1
I never received it!	1
Got them as stocking stuffers and even though all got a set, everyone wanted another one. Got to keep the ones I reserved for me thankfully!	2
You could definitely tell that it was a low budget movie. However, the love they had for one another was beautiful. The writer definitely had a story line and unfortunately, this is real life for many people.	2
I order this laundry basket and it was delivered to me with no plastic connectors and I was unable to put it together. I was excited about getting the chance to organize my laundry room, but this was a complete disappointment. I will be returning this.	1
I have liked other sleepers in different patterns but these particular ones have a massive horrible zipper that makes them unusable.	1
I love love love this puzzle. It provided hours of fun. One thing about this company, if you have a problem with a piece either chipped or missing thy replace it immediately. I have many Artifacts puzzles. Keep up the great work Artifacts!!	2
It was actually better than I expected!	2
This book could have been more in depth. The information given was very vague. Illustrations would have made it more credible.	2
This wine opener is not working properly. It doesn't pull the cork out 90% of the time. It screws in then unscrews out of the cork without pulling it out. On one occasion it pushed the cork into the bottle and shot wine out. I would like to return this item if possible.	1
I've ordered 2 of these cases prior to this one. The magnet is not great in this one at all. I'm not sure it will hold the case closed if I drop the phone; my other ones do. I like the pattern, but wish the magnet were like he other two cases. Same brand/maker.	2
The glue on this tape is super strong. Although it is suppose to be a masking tape, I have a hard time removing it from furnitures and walls	1
I wear these under dresses. They are not very thick, I would not wear them on their own. The pocket is very small. My Moto x 4 fits, but barely. Ive had a lot of these style leggings and won't buy these again.	2
Was looking for earphones that had cordless MP3 as other earbuds had worse reviews. Looking for use in walking more than swimming. Had no trouble loading music from PC.The sound quality is just average with the smallest earpieces which usually work for me. Bluetooth connects well, but sometimes transmission is not clear. Will continue to try to incorporate in my day... Not happy about the proprietary charger/music connection cord. I have already misplaced it several times and would like to get another charger to have on hand.	2
I love this fast wireless charger In fact I love it so much I bought 2 more (for me, my wife, and for work). I really like the fact I can charge landscape or portrait. I can even still use the phone while it's charging. 5 stars isn't enough to express my satisfaction.	2
One of these won’t turn off after just over the return date. Not happy.	1
My daughter loved it at first BUT then it stopped working after only 3 days. Not sure why...it was gently played with. Tried replacing the batteries but it still won’t work. VERY DISAPPOINTED!	1
I am glad I do not have to worry about losing the manual. Because I can download the user manual anytime anywhere from their download site. I just did not have any expectations for the sharpness of this item from the start, because I know most of these hidden cameras do not have very high pixel, but in fact this video is much better than I thought, it with clear color video.I am very satisfied with its effect.	2
I have thick hair and even on the highest heat setting, it doesn't straighten my hair or feel hot. It is lightweight and perfect size but it doesn't straighten my thick hair.	1
Great picture, Very sharp compared to other bullet cameras I have. Solid case and mount, adjustable video, color and other options including color at night.	2
Did not like the red writing on it. It said is was play money, and had some black marks on it s I didn't need red writing on it. Loved the gold 100 I got.	2
Taste is great, it's not fizzy at all, smooth, mixes well.	2
I like the feel and forming of the fabric. They did rip at the seam the very first time I tried them on. I bought the proper size, and they were actually somewhat loose in the leg, but the seam did not hold. Also, the non fleece leggings are still very warm, I wore them in the summer and I was too hot, but would be great for winter.	2
Flimsy and cheap. Was bent out of shape upon arrival and didnt come with the necessary screws. Ordered a simple return of the product, and was instead sent an unwanted replacement of the same product. Spend a little more and get the far superior Schlage product instead.	1
Horrible. I’m so disappointed with This purchase. I bought an empty bottle with instructions on how to dilute the product. That’s 18 dollars for a bottle I could of bought for a dollar at the 99 cent store who even charges 18 dollars for this. Damn I should of read the reviews.	1
Expected something with some rigidity and protection from bumps, jostles and dings that every phone receives. What arrived, however, was a chintzy shell that only provided an illusion of protection, nothing more. Save your money for a case which will not just look nice but will actually work as you'd like, as well.	1
The gear that's part of the soleplate broke after a year. I was hoping it would last as long as the original.	2
Easy setup, plug and play. Stuck with windows default drivers and seems to work well. I only use it to connect my PS4 and Xbox One controller to PC and both connect easily.	2
The watch worked well for a couple of months, but then started to lose battery life quickly. I contacted customer service and they were very efficient in resolving the issue to my satisfaction.	2
Bought TweezerMan before and Liked the other two better. They were easier to use and opened a little wider	2
5 stars for brightness; 3 stars because it gets pretty hot. None of my other similar lights get hot even when coiled into a tight circle for concentrated light. I shoved them into some hollow witch's boots decor and topped with some gray tissue paper to tame the "christmas-y" green color. Hopefully it won't burn the paper. Only on a few hours per night just in case.	2
Very dry, smells funny; cat won't eat it.	1
This item is not built to last. It worked fine for a year or two. The lines and numbers on the dial wore off after about 1 year of normal use, so after that it wasn't possible to know how hot I was setting the burner except by feel. After a little less than three years the unit simply stopped working. I plugged it in, turned in on, and no heat.	1
Well the bipod is cheap enough, which is why I wasn't surprised it didn't come with the rail adapter pictured in the listing. The bipod itself is fairly sturdy. I didn't raise a stink about it not coming with the adapter because I already had one, and didn't feel like going through all those hoops just to get the right one. In this world of cheap tactical gear, you get what you pay for.	1
The multi color is not as described. No elastic arm or finger holes. Just two strings that tie around the neck. Horrible design for a child, total hazard. I returned.	1
The denim jacket fit well. The inside of the sleeves on the wrist have a very scratchy seam that were sort of uncomfortable. The inside fleece jacket was very warm and soft. However, I was disappointed because I ordered an XL but the denim part was a large and the inside part was an 8 so it did not fit correctly. It also had a bit of a smell.	2
Ordered two. One set was broken when it arrived	2
I used this for an N64 and the resulting picture was too dark to play the game. Returned it for another adapter that worked much better.	1
Using it as rain cover for patio furniture. Well made and durable. Protects the cushions against the rain very well.	2
These will not sprout. Not sure what is going on there. I got these for sprouting. I’m not pleased. Will not order from this company again	1
WRONG PRODUCT FOR AUTO	2
Belt worked perfectly for carrying money and cards. The quality of the product was good as well. I did find that placing a cell phone in there made it too bulky under my clothes	2
Comfortable, good looking, well contructed wallet with plenty of room for cards, etc.	2
Did not fit in my console, needed to be trimmed down about 1/8” with a pair of dykes. Luckily you can’t see the difference from the top, so the cosmetic implications are minimal. Still frustrating, though, given that these are meant to fit only one vehicle, and they don’t.	1
Nice looking very modern, slick design and plenty of pocket. Feet perfect MacBook Pro 13”	2
My dog loves this treat. I have purchased this product for him a number of years online and and in the store. It continues to be one of my favorites.	2
Top is cut higher than photo. Not flattering	1
I can fit both legs into one of these sleeves they are so big.	1
I own 2 of these and they're great for running. Can fit a pixel 2 XL it and plenty of energy gels for those long runs.	2
Great bracelet.. but the back label fell off shortly after we got it..	2
Overall a super cute lunch bag! I purchased the yellow one and I love it! For the price the quality was as expected. Nothing crazy, but gets the job done. Very roomy and tall so you can fit drinks in it without any issue. If you’re looking for a decent quality cute lunch bag for a great price this is a good option.	2
There is an ample amount of room to make notes in each day. I like that. My ONLY issue with it is the days don't match up on the two page month. Other than that it's a great planner. :)	2
doesn't run according to size very small, and the material doesn't stretch much	1
BEWARE !!! This is not the original product. My daughter uses the correct product and gets it from a medical spa. I ordered this thinking it was the same product. After trying to use this product and having reactions (I took a break and tried using it several times), I told my daughter she could have this product. She brought it home and checked the ingredients with the container she purchased from a medical spa. NONE of the ingredients were the same. She threw this product in the trash.	1
Great for chaffed legs.	2
Nice enough, I suppose, but definitely not worth the price at all. Not sterling silver. I will not recommend.	1
good price but light becomes distorted when wind blows and yes we did check connections	1
Receiver not included. Does have switches.	1
They are definitely useable, but I wouldn’t recommend them to anyone or ever rebuy. You have to scrub your nose dry to have it stay (which was expected) but then it wouldn’t fit anywhere properly on my nose.	2
If you use this in a small area that only needs a small amount of water pressure, it will leak pretty bad at the joint between the base an the twirling blades.	2
Loved the design and the ventilation that these caps have. However I was a tad bit disappointed that they run smaller than expected. My head circumference is average (22 inches) and I wasn't exactly comfortable constructing my wig with this cap out of fear it wouldn't fit correctly.	2
This is supposed to be 8 oz and when I opened it it seemed light. I measured the contents and only 6oz. Also smelled a little fishy literally.	1
A little tight on my head but overall great!	2
Really unsafe.... Does not leave many threads left to tighten onto studs with.	1
I like the magnet although I get “stuck” on refrigerator/ computer occasionally. I like that it really can’t fall off although sometimes it lessens. However o Lu had for few months and the top is all ready chipping off so it looks very cheap happy other then the finish I am now looking for a replacement	2
Not happy with how hard they are. But they do taste good once you get them a bit chewed up. However the peanut butter one had a stick in it. I almost broke my tooth. I've attached a few pictures, yes it is a stick, as in from a plant, a very hard stick.	1
Way bigger and bulkier than it may seem. I even measured out the dimensions but when it arrived it just took up a lot of space. I sent it back but it was sturdy.	2
I love the biofreeze product but this spray pump literally pumped and sprayed 1 time and immediately clogged up. For the price, that is not acceptable! Ugh!!!	1
I have been really enjoying this posture corrector. I have really bad posture this helps me to keep my pastor upright. It is very comfortable compared to most and is really well priced.	2
Cute but the area for the charger is weird. I have to remove the case to charge my phone.	1
the item was not working at all	1
First one that came was completely smashed in. Returned and got a new one that looked pretty good. After two months of regular use there are now a few dings on the side, even though we are not rough on it. Not very happy with that.	2
Wigs fit nicely on it, making it easier to work with them. Way better than cheap styrofoam wigs. Definitely worth the cost.	2
REVISED- After just a few months, the handle broke off with normal wear and tear. My son (5th grade) wanted an igloo lunch box. This arrived and well, it was WAY to big for that purpose. My husband on the other hand decided it was just right for him as he takes lunch and water bottles and snacks. Nice product and good compartment for dry items.	1
This should win an award for worst purchase ever. I received moldy sticks that smell like spoiled milk in a plastic container that looks like a car ran over it. My catnip-crazy cat literally tried to bury it like it was poo in the litter box and then wanted nothing to do with it.	1
Very excited to have this music mp3 player with for my biking, it helps make the work out seem faster. The touch screen makes it easy to use and change songs, it sounds great, and lasts for me for several days. You can even watch a movie on it!	2
Buckle broke after a few weeks.	1
Slides back too far which leaves an opening for stuff to fall through.	2
Came quickly and good stuff	2
I was skeptical when I put this item in my cart but thought I would give it a try. It was super simple to use and was fast! My daughter's hair is long and goes way down her back and it took us maybe 20 minutes (and I am thinking it was less even) to get all of her hair wrapped up. There is a learning curve in the sense that the first half of her her was dry and it didn't curl as well but still curled. The second half curled well. Very Impressed! However only 4 stars because the strips are coming unsewn and I am going to have to resew them.	2
The taupe looks extremely grey but it might depend on the skin color. Great product otherwise.	2
I was not able to get it to work. I am sending it back	2
Cute jacket but at least 2-3 sizes smaller. I normally wear M (8-10) and had ordered a L based on reviews but it was still too small across the chest.	1
Poor Quality. Have returned one, and just trashed other two. You use, think it's great, then it either turns itself on, or won't shut off. Design or hardware flawed	1
Who never wanted to know what happens after the happily ever after. I know I do... lololol. This is an absolutely wonderful follow up to Reece's and Dane's happily ever after. This book should be read after the Big Bad Wolf's Ex and Her Wolf in Shining Armor. You will see how beautifully the story flows and you'd be thoroughly happy you picked up this series. Go ahead take a read...I know you'll love them.	2
This seller has double billed me for this order. The order was never delivered and they sent a replacement order. They are now charging me for this first order I never received. If you don't correct this I am going to the bank to stop payment on this new charge you are not authorized to make!!!	1
The thing such. It is to weak to stay on the cable to strip the insulation off it.	1
don't eat a lot, you blow up like a ballon	2
It was much smaller than it looks on line	1
Price is great for this item. Paid double for a very similar one and they have all the same features. Bluetooth connected easily.	2
Does not fit the LG V30	1
Too big for what I needed I for.	1
They aren’t sealed, none of them are. So how do I know if they are actually new? I read reviews before purchasing and they said each one was sealed - not accurate. Missing the regular label you would see if you purchased a normal one. I took a picture of what a new sealed one looks like (vanilla one in picture)	1
Deer were in my back yard 2 nights in a row after hanging all pouches in the same yard. My husband scattered them around hanging from low tree limbs and on shepherds hooks. Disappointed.	1
Works! Jeff did not purchase this product or write this review!!	2
Won't keep a charge. Needs to be charged every time before you use it. Not worth anything Changed my rating. Customer Service sent out a new unit right away.....without my asking. Husband still has not tried it, but Customer Service keeps sending me reminder to re-evaluate. I would be willing to try this company again.....if only because they sent a new unit...very quickly.	2
Needed to order a smaller size sometime you should not believe what they say about size expectations	2
I suffered with dry eyes for several years and these are the best I’ve found. They seem to be more effective ... no sting, relief lasts longer, and vial is easier to squeeze with arthritic fingers ... than several others I have tried. Searched for a while to find these when Tears Naturale became unavailable; so pleased to discover that these are the same formula!	2
broke within 5 uses and less than 1 month from when we received it- terrible quality. Hose diameter is also too narrow so the hose retracts whenever you spray- very annoying.	1
Product adhered to my skin for the first few applications, but now barely adheres and falls off my skin. Would not order this again.	1
Dificult to install the app	1
I purchased navy blue color. It’s a true navy blue, BUT the finished edge is a royal blue and doesn’t match. For the price, what can one expect? These window treatments are temporary for us, so it’s not worth it to return.	2
I would highly suggest a corset type of belly wrap instead. This doesn’t evenly tighten you up. Corset does !!	1
Don't buy this. I bought this 2 weeks ago and it's already not working. A complete waste of money	1
I love this product and so does my son very helpful. Only downside is that whatever you put in it usually stains but so much better then the cloth version	2
What I like is so easy to use	2
Read the small print, scammers.	1
Unfortunately the screen protector did not fit with the case I have. The screen protector is not a film but a hard protector which I wanted but alas, the combination did not work for me.	2
Bought this as a bday gift for my son. It worked for about 1 week and that was it, very upsetting. Wouldn’t recommend this it all	1
An excellent book. Ideal solution if you want to pass the exam successfully. Because in this book there are all the main sections. The structure is simple and straightforward. each section is logical and goes one after another. This book is the perfect tool for getting high scores. It was very well written and easy to get to grips with, I am so happy that this was recommended to me. Would highly recommend this book!	2
Easy to install, setting it takes a little more time. Good and sturdy, and I feel safe having it outside because of the sturdiness.	2
This product evidently is packaged for handling by white glove delivery - ordered and returned twice due to damage in delivery.	1
This is a great start to a new series. Cat Johnson has written a compelling tale of a retired seal and his ex- wife getting their second chance.	2
It didn’t work at all. Was very disappointed	1
The eyes were cloudy and scuffed up. Took a while to get the stickers off of their fur. Served their purpose as gifts but could have been better.	2
Hopefully it will still work ok!	1
It is well made and I am sure will be useful.	2
Works as expected. Easy replacement for a worn out battery for the HP.	2
I used these key caps for the various keys I use at work. I wanted the keys color coded so I could identify them quickly. The key caps are in great colors but they don't stay on the keys. The caps twist and eventually come off the key. Really disappointed.	1
This does actually work wonders! I was upset when I received the bottle, only to find it not actually a full spray bottle. I feel a little gypped out of money!!!!	2
Bought this for my girlfriend, and she loved it! Might need to be washed first because it does smell like plastic at first due to the packaging, but it's a great plush!	2
A awsome reciever. Loud and very satisfactory. Ordered plume speakers which rock hard	2
Very cute bed but one of the drawers came damaged. It looks like a forklift went right through the box. There was no way I was returning it. My husband repaired it. Second piece of furniture in a week that came damaged.	1
Already lost grip after only a month of use. Doesn't stick to dashboard at all anymore.	1
Great for mixing LipSense colors together!	2
I would prefer that the entire playing area is filled when using the smaller number of cards to match. A little hard to see. More variety of matches would be nice	2
Haven’t really put it water but has been dropped, phone is fine. Hard to use buttons on side.	2
Showed up broken 😭 which is so incredibly sad because it is beautiful!	1
I have searched everywhere looking for hemp oil that not only works, but also tastes good. This stuff is amazing. Relieved my back pain that has been plaguing me for years. I actually enjoy my daily dose!	2
If you want to learn how to master Deep Learning fundamentals with Python, then this guide is for you. I this book, the author gives us the information about fundamentals of deep learning and deep learning in practice. I found this book very informative and useful. All information is laid out in logically and easy to understand. I got so much interesting and helpful information on all my questions on this topic. I liked this guide and I'm glad to have it on my Kindle to use when I need it. I would recommend this book to anyone who needs such type of information. It is worth reading.	2
Works fine but has popped off a number of times whenever I do something active... kind of defeats the purpose of the fit bit.	1
Like the title says. Broke after about 3 weeks. Left my phone very dusty.	1
Cute and fits well but super itchy and uncomfortable	1
They are great! Husband loves them.	2
Cheap fabric, looks frumpy	1
Doesn't connect, doesn't turn off/on easily, horrible	1
They have a little hole near the thumb which could allow water or snow in or just cold air in. It's because of the Velcro strap. You can sorta make it better if you make it tighter but depending on the person it might be too tight and it'd probably allow water in.	2
When I opened the box, the product was damaged with a punctured hole in the front (opposite of the side I saw when I opened the box). The shipping box was completely undamaged or punctured. returning item and ordering a new one. Will change review when get new item. They did however ship it extremely fast and timely, so props on that.	1
This doc was informative about uncomfortable subjects nobody wants to think about. Luka addresses our veterans, their treatment while in the service, their medical treatment when they are home and most importantly their mental health treatment once they are home. It's not a secret that the VA is poorly ran. People on State Assisted Medical Insurance get better care than what A Veteran does which is unfair. I'm not sure why anyone would want to join the service anymore.	2
The abrasive side of the sponge came off after only 4 uses.	1
Love the wireless option and how the camera has a strong magnetic hold on the back. But the batteries do not last long. I use in my barn and only have motion sensor turned on at night. I have gone threw 4 battery packs in a month. I was told batteries lasted longer. But regret buying wireless now.	2
Very nice quality. Wish the recessed part was a bit deeper but still love them. For intertaining especially with paper or plastic plates.	2
Did absolutely nothing for me It could be because I’ve been consistently taking pr it could be because I’ve been consistently taking pre-workouts for years with no breaks. I bought this product Based off of the high reviews, but it actually didn’t do anything for me at all. The first day that I took it I had to take 2 1/2 scoops just to feel a little bit of energy. It may work for other people, it’s just not for me	1
There is a reason this has so many good reviews. The best pizza cutter EVER. I am going to buy all my family this. You dont have to worry about a handle breaking off and it comes apart easily so that you can wash it. Glides right through with minimal effort.	2
Nice flavor, but my tin was not full even though it as properly sealed.	2
Feels great on the scalp	2
I like photos of finished item	2
Im using these for halloween soap accents they work well good quality fast shipping	2
They are easy to remove muffins, etc but they are very flimsy. That took me awhile to get used to. I have to put the on a cookie sheet to keep from spilling in the oven.	2
29 length is my regular length. For some reason these jeans are way too long and just don't fit right.	1
I only had this collar for three months and it broke. Luckily, it happened in my backyard and not when I was walking my dog in the street. This collar is not durable or strong enough for a large dog. I have a golden lab crossbreed. I cannot rate it highly based on my experience.	1
they're all so cute and comfortable!	2
BUY SANDISK FLASH DRIVES INSTEAD THEY ARE REAL	1
Not a fan...They SORT OF hold my ipad on the wall but have failed once or twice. Don't plan on having any cases or it will not fit right either...especially a case with a apple pencil holder. Ipad has come crashing to the ground twice.	1
If you have larger breast go up a size	2
it has a bad smell to it	1
These are cute and packaged well. I bought them as little gifts for the women we cruise with. The straws are flimsy and do not stand up straight so I am not sure how long I will actually use mine.	2
i still have not recieved items	1
Color and print are different and uglier than the pictures. Missing hooks. Kids very disappointed.	1
The seeds don't look like summer savory like I had before. I planted about fifty seeds and not one germinated.	1
B I do not recommend it. The quality is bad	1
Update after 6 weeks: My new complaint is that the panel to select strength of light is not made well. The "buttons" are wayyy too close for my slender female fingers so the lamp gets confused on what I'm pressing. I can't imagine how difficult this would be for man fingers. I often have to attempt pressing the button 5 - 6 times. Frustrating!!! I've been using this lamp for three weeks now. Overall, I like it. It doesn't tilt over from being top heavy which was what concerned me. Although the entire thing is very light, the arms (all parts above the base) are exceedingly light. I understand it's made of aluminum so that explains the weight. Very functional just as advertised. It doesn't really hurt my eyes because of the tilt function and move-ability of the two lamp arms. But selection of lowest to second lowest on brightness is a huge difference and I wish there was an in-between instead of the big jump. I gave it a 4 rather than 5 star rating because I feel there's room for improvement, but for the price, it's not bad.	2
The toy exceeded our expectations. It does a good job of replicating the real battle bots in a toy format.	2
These burn like they say 4-5 hours. pleasant smell keeps the bugs at bay	2
Like the material the length I was just a bit disappointed in the fact that the fabric is a bit see thru on the chest would recommend a size up	1
When I bought these, I didn’t pay attention to the bottom, used for a drill, not an impact	2
Came in great condition and with the collector cards!	2
The dvds themselves are in good shape and exactly what we ordered, but the case is cracked in three places and we were wondering if we can get a replacement case for the dvds? Thank you in advance for your help! Jason and Emily Will	2
Nice, heavy and flat........ Very rough, black bottom so I ground, polished and seasoned this and another I bought here.... Good price and with a few hours work, very nice cook surface, Restaurant quality... 4 stars for not being polished......	2
This product lasted less than 6 months - total waste of money	1
Great to use after a facial or anytime to help with puffy eyes.	2
The large round bowl fell apart after 1 month (rubber seal and holding clip) The other pieces are excellent and I love how much faster my food cooks in the microwave. However, I received very poor customer service when I complained about the round bowl falling apart. They didn't even offer a refund or replacement and negated to reply to my return email. Extremely poor customer service!!!	1
Love This product in the shampoo and in the conditioner. Gives depth and highlights to my blonde hair.	2
Design wise very compact. However, when started filling air in one tire, it started fuming in just after couple of minutes. Quality is poor. Used as a vacuum cleaner, worked great. Now after multiple use, it died in less than a 1.5 years. I would not recommend this. For this price, there are better compressor in market with feature of auto shutoff when the desired air pressure is reached.	1
Game was excellent....just a little too overboard on blood and gore. OK for some....just not for me.	1
If I had to sum up my experience in one sentence, it's that this mouse requires a lot more work than other mouse. Tracking is not as precise as others, I had to slow down my movements to make sure I'm actually clicking the places that I want to click, and it's a LOT of work. I really like the design and the concept, but it sucks as a mouse. Great novelty product, terrible mouse.	1
My family was having a huge fly problem in the house! Like dozens of flies a day! But let's cut to the chase. This thing does work! We have trapped many flies with this and I am highly satisfied. Here are a few issues with it and the only reasons I didnt give 5 stars. 1) the pads aren't sticky enough if just a fly's legs touch it. Part of their body or their wings need to touch for them to be trapped. 2) Having it on during the day doesn't seem to do much... they prefer the natural daylight by the windows to the trap, so trusty ol fly swatters have to do the trick until nightfall. 3) It is slightly frustrating that the plug doesn't rotate. We have just started using an extension cord so that we can set it up wherever we want. None of this has been a deal breaker (clearly since we still use it) because ever since we have had this, the fly problem has virtually ended!	2
THis camera glass fit perfectly and you can't tell the original was ever broken! My only complaint was the tempered glass screen protector that came with it broke before it ever made it on. It also had very minimal adhesive on it. I'd still buy again if i had to.	2
Was exactly what I was looking for. A bit larger than I had visualized but that is a plus; I have a lot of bracelets.	2
A fine toy, but not for the chewy members of the world.	1
Script font difficult to read. Only 1 inch across in width. Arrived crooked but I removed and adjusted. Do not spend the money if you’re wanting something nice and legible. I got what a paid for.	1
One size does NOT fit all. If you have a wide or tall foot, the only manufacturer of this style of boot that will fit is Bogs.	2
the box was bent, but it worked.	2
I COULD NOT GET THE BATTERY INSIDE FOR NOTHING ONLY ONE WORK BUT THE REST NEVER GOT A CHANGE CAUSE THE BATTERY NEVER COULD FIT IN THE HOLE WHEN I ADDED THE BATTERY	1
The idea of it going up the side of the wall was enough for my grandkids to keep them occupied	2
Highly recommended. Great read and super info. If your are interested in improving your health, this may be the book for you.	2
Overall, I'm pretty satisfied with this product, except for the fact that I'll have to do some modifications. The fabric super nice and thick, no need to worry about seeing through. I got the red, and it does appear a little bit lighter than the picture when in daylight, but nothing that bothers me too much. I have two very small issues with the dress. The first one is the sleeves have some holes, and they're a little bit too low for my liking, the sleeves are a perfect length for me naturally, and the some holes are a little bit higher up which stretches the fabric. I feel if you had shorter arms, this wouldn't be much of an issue but for me it was since I'm a little bit longer there. My other issues that I'm quite busty, and the corset comes too high up. It comes up about halfway up my bust, so I'm going to remove the top couple fabric eyelets. Overall, this product is perfect if you aren't super tall or busty, but even if you are, they're easy modifications! (Remember to order a size or 2 up!)	2
I loved this band until after a few weeks of wearing it I noticed it was snagging all of my clothes. It gets caught on everything and snags everything. It’s pretty and very easy to get on and off but beware of snags	1
Fits tight across foot	2
The kids had fun catching ants and watching them. We are still in the beginning stages so we don't have any real tunnels yet. It does cost more to get ants.	2
Although the scope was smaller in size than I expected. The view is clear, sharp and easy to focus. I found it important to start with 20 and the increase the power after locating the subject. I liked the fine focus located on the barrel of the scope. The smaller size has the advantage of being easier to carry while birding. I prefer my full size tripod rather than the included tripod.	2
This is a much better option than the actual razer branded screen protector. For half the price of the razer screen protector, you get a pretty nice box that comes with two alcohol wipes, two dust stickers, a cleaning cloth, a squeegee, and two screen protectors so you're good to go if one of the screen protectors break, or you mess up the installation the first time. The screen protector itself isn't fully covering the phone from speaker to speaker, but it's a very, very small gap that is left. Maybe half a millimeter? But it isn't too much of a problem. I recommend this screen protector for anyone that has the razer phone. Since you're better off having two good quality screen protector for $13 than a single mediocre one for $25.	2
Does not work in hard soil. Only works in soil where you could just use a hand shovel.	1
Solid structure all the way around...happy with purchase!!!	2
Bought the white socks. Poor quality. Wore my first pair and they look all ready look worn out with a little holes at the toes.	1
Product shipped quickly. It installed easily and was exactly as presented	2
These are decent lights, but they do look a little cheap. The clear glass shades look nice, but they obviously don’t act as shades at all. We have low wattage Edison bulbs in the fixtures and I still see spots in my peripheral vision after I leave the room. It is impossible to mount these lights to the wall without them looking crooked because of the way the hinged arm mounts to the base.	2
Everything was great, except the shirt is missing the button on the pocket.	2
I LOVE the look and feel of this comforter, unfortunately it ripped on the first day on the very first wash. I’ve had it now for about a month and it has ripped again on another seam. I would love to give it 5 stars because it’s is so soft and comfortable, but for the price I paid I was expecting a longer lasting comforter. So disappointed!	2
some of the colors don't stay down so you can't write with them. Once you get it to stay down and start to write- the top button/lid pops off and flies through the air. It is hard to get some of the inks to work- some inks never start working. Go buy this product somewhere else.	1
The vendor sent me the wrong parts. They sent two of the top type versus one top and one bottom. I wasted an hour to open the car only to find out that I dont even have the right part. They were at least nice to issue me a refund but that does not compensate for an hour of my time and effort. If you order from them, please make sure that they sent you the right parts before you start working on your car. Save yourself time and frustration.	1
I used it for the first time today and was hard to keep the outside from trying to fold in. I’ll keep trying but not happy.	1
Recommended by vet but expensive	2
I was sent the wrong part or actually the least expensive version of it and was charged the full amont	1
Great for the money. Looks nice in pics of you have good lighting. Wrinkles extremely easily would be my biggest criticism.	2
The mat does not lie totally flat on the turntable.	1
Nice Product and quick delivery!	2
This will NOT work to mount horizontally with a sport track system. The first picture shows the base of the pole holder on the bottom. This will not work as the locks are on the bottom.	1
Great item. Very happy with purchase.	2
so full of wonderful stretch ideas as well as the "whys" and what it will help with. I like that it also offers complimentary stretches. as a side note- this has nothing to do with the book but how Amazon ships the book. Putting a book in a soft envelope does NOT work. The corners get all mangled and bent. This is the second book this has happened with in the last week. The replacement was bent up a little as well but nothing like the first. I only post this here because I don't see a place to review packaging or leave comments. Amazon- customers pay new book price and expect a book not all bent up and crumbled.	2
Unfortunately my kids think these taste terrible.	1
Not a perfect fit. But does the job	2
Clasp wears out easily and the oil absorb balls fall out randomly. Nice jewelry though.	2
Nice. Enjoyed the story line. Absolutely loved the male lead	2
It looked great out of the bag, but after one use the bristles collapse. It looks like I had it for years. And you can't get a refund from this useless product.	1
I had high hopes for this product, but it didn't fit well my fruits (eg. avocado and peach), so I stopped trying to use it.	1
Good quality, exact fit and arrives quickly	2
I think this funko pop of Ginny is the best. The details are impressive and well done. For the price and not been able to pick the figure myself I got a great funko pop. I only wish that the box of the funko pop would have been in better conditions but every thing else was great.	2
They fit tight, providing excellent dexterity. In my work, that is of the utmost importance, akin to that of a surgeon. The durability is impressive. These gloves can take abuse. The Raven brand is consistent in Quality Control. Almost never had a bad glove in the thousands I've ordered. OH yeah, ignore reviews about hands sweating. EVERY rubber, latex or Nitrile glove will cause your hand to sweat. It's physics people,...deal!	2
Very nice case, came in great time, was worth the money.	2
Wrong product. It said it was for Samsung Gear fit 2, but nope, wrong bands. Very flimsy.	1
After a couple uses the locks started getting loose and wouldn't hold anymore now just pops open from any shaking, lost alot of balls from these	1
Item is functional BUT SHORT. Will need to replace.	2
Cover fits well, however..... after a few uses, the small metal pin came out, allowing the spring to snap closed. I can move the spring and pin back into place, but I need to do this every one to two times at the range.	2
Seemed like a really cheap product ..the piece to rest my phone on was always bent ..didn’t seem like it held up.	1
It’s ok I guess it’s one of those you get what you pay for lol. I couple of stones fell out after about a month.	2
The needles were sharp which isn’t a problem. However the rings didn’t fit, I pierced my nose only to see that the ring wouldn’t fit . Very pointless to buy nevertheless I can always buy more rings just disappointed.	1
They are to large for the vacuum now I can’t rerun them???	1
Went on a ride around the bay, attached this to my helmet and rode around for 3 hours. The darned thing wasn't even blinking once I got back. Gave it the benefit of the doubt, and charged it fully and then took anther few hour trip. Again, it was off and wouldn't turn back on. Yep, dead battery. Since it was on my helmet that never comes off until I get home, it could mean life and death.	1
I did not like this book and wont read the rest of that series that I ordered. Did not like the characters.	1
Good support. It definitely works well with shoes / socks. Just not as comfortable as I’d like when bare foot.	2
"how does this product fit? Perfect.i followed the advice and went a size up because I'm 6'1. I love this dress	2
I wanted an expandable silverware divider for a big drawer and this fit the bill perfectly. It only needed to open a little bit but it takes up the whole drawer nicely and looks fantastic. Great price for what you’re getting.	2
Ordered like-new product, but it comes with scratches on soleplate	1
This power pack is traveling friendly. It large capacity, can be folded into portable size, and can be charge on the go.	2
the only way this product kills anything is if they drown from over spay, and that still may not work ! a waist of money	1
The sheets were thinner than expected but figured that might be fine because of the high reviews. I wanted to make sure they would fit on the bed before washing and as I went to open up the package I realized the sheets were very dirty or moldy in a variety of places. I took only one picture but there were several areas like it. Gross :( will be returning these....	1
Love the band but after 5 weeks of wearing it the pin that connects to the Fitbit keeps coming out. I’ve almost lost it twice. Unhappy with the product.	1
Worked pretty good. Does not latch super hard so with enough force you can open the drawer.	2
This is a much easier purchase to stomach(compared to original manufacturer) if you go through a lot of toner. We have had a black toner print with lines in the margins, but for the quantity we've gone through it seems reasonable to expect a dud.	2
Bought this for my little boy for his birthday to shoot his Nerf guns at instead of his sister's. Lol. He enjoys stacking and shooting them and we play games doing it. It's alot of fun. I expected it to be just a little bigger but non the less we have fun and that's all that matters.	2
One of my co-worker started wearing this .. .. she then sent the link to another co-worker who also bought it ... and now we have 6 people in the office who also have one. Great for long "in-front-of-screen" moments	2
Litter does not clump together as advertised, it just kind of crumbles apart, but still a good litter regardless. Does help with odor (I use it for 3 ferrets), and it is very absorbent.	2
Weird, scratchy material. Looks cute on. Felt like I had to adjust it all day. Doesn’t work great with a large chest.	2
Not what I expected.	1
Fan was ok. Panel had traces of glue or something on it. Item looked liked it was put together in a rush. I did though like that it had a large solar panel. The other fans I ordered had small solar panels. I sent the item back.	2
I didn't receive it. Looks like it got lost somewhere. Amazon has refunded me my purchase price	1
Love the pillow cases, great quality material. The colors are very vivid, I'm extremely satisfied with these purchase!	2
The paper is terrible	1
This fits well all over. The fabric is fragile and shrinks every time you launder it. I try to have mine air dry to prevent further shrinkage.	2
My favorite bro so far. He never knew how treasured he was until he met the right woman. The heroine bugged me a bit as she was too flighty but overall, I liked the book.	2
I like the fact they have a cover but it takes so long to get the cubes out of the mold. You need to poke them one by one.	1
Arrived and the pump was broken.....I won’t be buying anything with a pump from Amazon anymore. This is the 2nd time it’s happened......poor packaging and not enough security around the pump itself.	1
Great product! Highly recommended. May take longer to make a cup of coffee compared to other brands but it’s a quality device that has lasted much longer than the others!	2
very dissappointed...this product started shorting off in 2 days....WASTED MY MONEY....DO NOT BUY	1
Can’t really rate on performance. I have a picky Scottie Oni had my doubts but others said their picky dogs ate thems. Kal-El at one then the second time wouldn’t even touch it. If you have a picky dog buy with caution. Mine wouldn’t even eat it with peanut butter lol	2
This soap dispenser looks just as pictured. Its heavy and durable fits perfectly on my kitchen sink it took 5 minutes to install and very easy to refill the soap .I like the stainless steel straw. Just one push and it releases the correct amount of soap.	2
A comment, not a complaint. This is a well crafted harness. But it is not for off leash use. If you are not keeping tension on the harness with a leash, it slacks loose. Remove the leash and you are also left with about one foot of connection straps flying around. I returned it solely for this reason. Wish the description would have mentioned this.	2
Listing stated 4-5 hours to charge. Broken English instructions stated 8 hours. Attempted to charge for almost 24 hours and it would not even turn on.	1
Great shoe. Received many compliments. I wore to a wedding. After a couple of hours though my feet hurt. That is expected in most heels. However, great shoe and heel just right for anyone who likes a mid heel. Not too high or low for an evening dress. Hope this was helpful.	2
The lead breaks really easy. Does not sharpen the greatest. Almost down to half a pencil. Not due to usage either.	2
By far the best belt I’ve used. I’m a small female and it’s so hard to find belts in my size that give me support and wrap tight enough. Love my belt and highly recommend it.	2
DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER. Call and report them to Amazon. They are selling used items as new. Product came damaged, not in original packaging, and very clearly used.	1
had modify to fit my f250	1
Ordered 6 and received damages (all were heavily scratched) because they were thrown in the shipping box without any protection! They were individually wrapped in their plastic wrapping which was also damaged. I order from Amazon all the time so I'm really surprised at their lack of care. Requested a replacement and will update this review once they arrive.	1
I bought 1 of these, then a second one, while I was still in rehab after back surgery. I have them in different rooms. Today I even picked apples with one. I love this product. It's made very well, picked up anything I need, from apples to tiny things off the floor. It's easy to hold and operate with my bad hand and holds onto anything. Bravo! You have a perfect gripper.	2
It fits as expected and advertised, It washes up really nice and even after several washing's it still looks like new	2
Too small and too heavy.	1
IT is a lityle bit smaller than my screen, so it doesnt look great... I'll buy a different next time	2
The top edge on both were finished with a band. It was already frayed and will only get worse with use. I tried it out and didn’t make much difference in keeping drink cool :( Also, doesn’t fit 12oz cans....Other than that, LOL, the fabric was nice quality and it’s a cute print.	1
The sound quality is good, the product is small, very thin, and it is very convenient to carry.	2
This was not a good buy. Processor very very slow. Had to keep clicking on mouse to have it respond then wait - sometimes had to sing a song while waiting. Reminds me of the first computer I owned in a third world country in the 1990's - Bad buy. Will be returning. I have bought computer on Amazon before without any problems- great computers - but this one I am disappointed. Will be returning	1
I really loved it at first then the two ends that you can adjust will not stay stable, they swivel so I can't use it for my phone any longer.	2
Definitely not for regular use. Good for kids and hot tub only.	2
I purchased this mainly for auto detailing but for the wife to use in some light jobs around the house as needed. The size is perfect; not too large, not too small. It appears to have plenty of suction and the provided attachments are average. I deducted 1 star for unit as a whole. It seems like once assembled, its hard to figure out what to do with the electrical cord, hose, and attachments. Attachments fall of their tray during use and in storage, more thought could have gone in to making it easier to neatly stow the cord and hose.	2
I wish they showed an example of the sizes on noses. These are waaaay to small. They actually go all the way through my nose ring hole. I’m afraid I might inhale one in my sleep to be honest. They’ll do in a pinch if you lose your good ones.	2
When I opened the Amazon box, 3 of the 4 lids were cracked and therefore useless. Could be a quality issue, an incorrect packaging issue or both. Extremely disappointed.	1
Got these because I’m pregnant. Works great.	2
Not what I expected ... stopped working after one day ... but randomly working again 3 weeks later... highly disappointed.	1
Useful box for holding grinder blades. The blades them selfs are sub par but there are alot of them so that is nice. I have not used the tool with the set seemed kinda junkie so I tossed it.	2
I started off with these 3 and have slowly added all but 3 of what Fox Farm offers. They have a great product. All I would add is BE SURE TO PH your water like it says on the feeding chart. If you dont you could take a chance on burning or not getting a positive benefit of the product. Happy Growing !!	2
I’ve actually bought this same product in the past for my son and he loves it. So I know I’ll be happy with the product. I’m just disappointed in the shipping method. I plan on giving this as a gift and it can in a shipping bag without any padding (which may or may not have helped). I’m a little embarrassed to wrap this as a gift. It looks as if it’s been thrown around. Just disappointed. Please box this item.	1
they sent me the wrong spray. I didnt order hairspray. I ordered volumizing spray.	1
Bought for Reference Library.	2
Almost half of the balls are severely dented upon arrival. They were shipped in the same box with another item weighing under a pound, but it may have been the culprit.	1
Love this. Improved workouts and recovery.	2
The content is fine, but when the book arrived the cover was warped and damaged.	2
Did this for my husband, followed all instructions and even left it on a little longer. Nothing happened AT ALL.	1
It's a great case but very slippery. I like the thinness of the case but it has slipped out of my hands a few times, luckily my phone has been okay.	2
Has had to be fixed a bunch of times- touch screen not working mostly, power port brakes easily.	2
Jar was nice, but the boveda pack was shipped without original packaging. It was put in jar that was not sealed, thus rendering it dried out, and useless.	1
I can't say that it's done anything I don't see any new channels	1
These have really come in handy. I ordered two sets of two, so one is above my laptop; one is under the corner kitchen cabinet and two are on the stairs. I definitely appreciate all of them. I like that the batteries are rechargeable (USB),but how do you take them off recharge and put back on? Also, I tried to contact the Seller as one of the 'metal' pieces was just slightly bent enough that it won't stick on the wall and I only need that strip of metal to replace - not the whole thing. I have not heard back from them??? These are nifty and you'll find plenty of uses for them, just would be happier if I knew how to recharge; and how to get another metal strip??	2
These come in multiple colors to help keep my cash in order. While I don't think the envelopes themselves will last super long there are enough for the price that you can change them out periodically. Editing my initial review. Somehow I missed that there is wet and seal adhesive on the flaps of these. We've had a lot of rain the last couple weeks and every envelope I had left is now sealed.	2
Work great but ink doesn't last long at all	2
Not bad for the money. It keeps my door open.	2
First time user of cap/plugs and i was pleasantly surprised how well it helped for lap swimming. I bought this type of cap to get the over-ear coverage that other caps do not provide - find it rolls up a little as your neck is bending with your swimming (this could be my personal form being off though).	2
pads did not stay on	1
This is a good little dictionary but doesn't stand up for long if used as much as I do. I finally god a hard back type.	2
It's a nice bag and good size for me. The leather looks and fels like vinyl...Split leather is a cheaper grade of leather, so it probably shoudl have been expected (I didn't know what split leather was until after I received it and looked it up. I am keeping it and using it, as I like the size, shape, and internal organization, I just wish the leather looked and felt like leather...but to be fair, for the price that might be a lot to ask..	2
Besides the material being kind of difficult to line up and not make the folds look so obvious, this was a perfect cherry on the top for my sons 2nd birthday!	2
I read it several years ago and threw the book away when I moved last time. Since I read a new book she wrote, I went back to reread this. I enjoyed the trip where science b I read it several years ago and threw the book away when I moved last time. Since I read a new book she wrote, I went back to reread this. I enjoyed the trip where science- fiction Becomes real.	2
I was so excited to get this book! The content itself is awesome and just as expected. Unfortunately the book was damaged in the shipping process and the spine was damaged pretty badly. 🙁	1
Very good, very valuable for learning, children like it very much	2
Fits nice and looks good, however I received without the mesh and my order was with the mesh. I contacted the seller and they acknowledged that they were out of the mesh ones. They issued me a partial refund. I wish they would of told me they were out of those as I would of gone with another vendor. Very sneaky to send me what I didn’t order. Shady company.	2
Works better than the expensive eye treatments I've tried. These products are amazing.	2
.. So I got 4pcs of this product by April 2019, due to my work I could not unpack it and install, I eventually unpacked them today and found out that one out of the four was not connecting to wireless even after several trials, Pls is there something I am not getting right here? Someone should assist. Aside the above, it's a good camera....	1
I got these for my wife and I. We love them, the ability to grab hot pans, casserole dishes, hot food, etc. They are a little small for my hands but they still work great.	2
Took way too long for these seeds to arrive and for only a single one to germinate is even more disappointing! Not worth the $	1
My daughter love this yoga bag. The sequence so pretty and she got tons of attention from her classmates	2
Very sturdy and durable. I haven't used it to hang clothes out yet but I used to build a blanket fort and it held up nicely. I didn't even realize it has hooks on each end so you can wrap it around ANYTHING and hook it to itself to hold it up!	2
Like - very large and strong fabric dislike - the horseshoe edging or sofa arm was not completely full of padding material leaving the arm with wrinkles looking somewhat empty . I suspect Furhaven installed a medium size padding in a large bed and it really takes away from the looks of a good dog bed. I also bought a smaller dog bed for a crate and it was much softer , fuller padding , and a 5 star product	2
a touch of class to a home	2
Wine shelf brackets were the wrong size they are too small or the holes were too large. Have to go buy new ones at Lowe’s. However it’s really sturdy and great. Hides all 20+ bottles of liquor I have	2
May be too small to wear and I ordered up a half size.	1
Battery died after an hour	2
Was looking for taller pieces with more weight. There's pieces are for small boards. I play speed chess pieces fall over easy.	2
Started out alright then turned into one of those ghost and supernatural (waste of life) garbage shows, not even a quarter of the way through and they started talking about ghosts. Move along before you are disappointed.	1
Sharp!!!!! Fits well in my large hand, and my sisters smaller hand. Weighted perfectly, clean cuts!!! Glad I purchased two!	2
Trying to see if Amazon will send a new one that might work. First year I tried a download version. Probably should have stayed with a disk.	1
Product is unsatisfactory. It does not power the vacuum cleaner as the original did. I used it twice and it will not recharge. I am very disappointed. Don't buy it, if you do, you will regret it.	1
Product peeled off of my nails in 2 days. Went on easy and looked great initially.	1
Produces lots of fun but a lot smaller than I expected for the price.	2
Very light weight, and water rolled off. Not very much shape and padding but it is definitely pack able. I wouldn’t put electronic items in it, despite being made of ripstop fabric. Great for use in day hikes or walks.	2
Loved the shirt. Fit was as expected, not too tight or loose. First time I wore it, after a few hours, I noticed that there were holes where the stitching was across the front of the shirt. Very disappointed as I really liked the shirt.	1
The bulbs work great but are the super bright color	2
I have dropped my tablet a few times and it's still like New. Well worth the money	2
Light weight, easy to place on your car for mounting your phone. Great for young adults	2
Showed up quickly and just what I expected.	2
I used it as part of a mix for bug spray so I cannot vouch for it by itself.	2
The small head was defected, it would not clip on to the clipper.	1
Gave this as a Christmas gift to our 6-year old granddaughter. She was delighted, and after a short period of battery charging she began intuitively using it with ease. A greatly appreciated treasure... even used on a limited basis by her 1-year old sister.	2
Broke within 2 hours of opening. Save your money.	1
The product was flimsy and seemed like very poor quality . It has too many plastic unstable parts and the quality of the sound was poor.	1
This was a perfect book to began and continue my education on investing in the stock market. I am so happy with the quality of the information and the affordability!!	2
The characters were well formed. Even the ghostly ones. I didn't like however how sentences would run together with different characters at different locations..	2
This thing worked great for the first week. But when it came time to charge it, it stopped working. Won't charge no matter what I do. Really disappointed.	1
Left earphone died after 3 months of use. Was used moderately daily and wasn't treated poorly.	1
Does not stay inflated.	1
didnt have the disk that actually is needed for this to work	1
The suction cup wont stay very long on the inside of the windshield. Always found it on the seat or floor every morning or evening.	1
Color not as pictured. The hanging tassels came damaged. I was unable to use them and had to return.	1
My cats loved it. Holding up well so far	2
Loved this book! I have read it twice already and look forward to reading it again next year!	2
Caution when buying: I love this brand of polish, but this color is awful! Medium brown is a greenish gold brown.	2
I have purchased the beef sticks and bars from amazon and directly from mission meats and love them. But was disappointed that this bacon was not spicy at all. Was looking for more heat. Was little pricey for what u get too.	1
Rather flimsy and not sturdy.	1
Item looked as new and well packaged, but when handled and at installation it started to disintegrated. Rubber lost its flexibility like if it has been degraded by age or sunlight. Completely unusable.	1
Some bags were sealed but empty.	1
Got this for my husband, thought it would be a great gift that would last. I was wrong. The letters rubbed off within a few weeks. Not worth it.	1
Used three times, and the battery is down. Charged for a whole day and no response.	1
The styling is a bit strange. You can't easily take the key out, but still a good product.	2
Good size came quickly easy to use	2
Fits the car and works as it should.	2
Fake batteries don’t buy them!	1
I like the quality of the product and I would like to have more scents ! Why only one ???	2
The first one I received, one of the headphone was broken already. It looks good enough and it'll do.	1
Great read or listen. Narrator is perfect for the story	2
Bought this for my niece. She's really into planets and has a lot of fun looking up at the planets with this!	2
I purchased two of these - each pump was connected to two air stones. Initially, everything worked well (yes, the pumps were loud but I didn't expect them to be silent), all four air stones were creating a nice wall of bubbles. After a few months, one stone wasn't producing any bubbles. Air was blowing out of both outputs in the filter, but apparently not enough to produce bubbles anymore. I cleaned the stone to rule out the stone itself, but once I swapped the lines on the outputs, the 'dead" stone worked fine and the one that was working now wasn't. Fast forward a few more months, the exact same thing happened to the other pump. So I have 2 air pumps now powering 2 of the original 4 air stones. Frustrating that the same thing happened to both pumps. I wouldn't buy these again...	1
For the price and quick delivery it was not bad. My only issue was the tail. We could not get it to look right based on where the safety pin was attached. It may have been user error but it seemed like the pin was attached to the wrong side.	2
I make press ons and this makes it much easier to work with compared to the single crystal tip holder I bought :)	2
Too small to thread for my class or myself	1
pictures look great, but dress was not as expected. It runs big, its quite sheer, the back is completely bare, and the top front portion is does not completely cover my daughter's chest. Not appropriate at all.	1
Great Deal and Good pricing.	2
These tape flags are smaller than other brand name tape flags and the adhesion is not as good. Will be adequate for one time use where you don't need to re-position them. I thought I had not received the product, but later found the package in the bushes at our home.	2
It kind of bugs me, a bit tight on my head and face, but it works well.	1
Didn’t see a difference in my daughter from her teething. I guess it doesn’t work for everyone	1
Pretty but wasn’t expecting them to be so small. Was unsuccessful with putting them on nails because they’re not flat back. Also, they become transparent when put on darker nail polish. Maybe good for other projects, not for nails though	1
Very bulky huge in size, it takes very long time to get it changed +10 hours	1
Disappointed because I was excited to try these bars after the great reviews. was sent an expiring box where the bars are too tough to chew. Unfortunately, I cannot return or replace even though I received the order today. I have no idea how not old bars would taste....	1
This is a great case~~~beautiful & well made. Very happy with it!	2
Good lights for a plant I brought inside for winter. It’s a bit hard to point it where I want it though. The plant is still doing well after being inside 3 months.	2
I wish i could love this but its still to tiny for me. I also really like having a water bottle holder and it doesnt have one.	1
Claims to come with a one year warranty. Middle has started to fall apart after 6 months. Very loud when spinning.	1
They will not work will not bolt up at all. I tried to get seller to call me no luck I need to send them back no luck yet	1
The family I gave this to was unable to figure out how to play it.	1
While I like the product and have ordered it before, the USPS delivery system for the product reorder was frustrating. I received an online failed delivery notice which referred to delivery to a "business." The location is clearly a residence. Regular delivery is being done to the particular address (see image) without incident on weekdays by USPS,and by FedEx and UPS. I hunted for where to report the error about the Sunday delivery. Finally I located a 'redelivery' USPS website, where the entry information jungle was long and complicated. Overall, not receiving the item on time and the reporting efforts were not pleasant. And the only place where I could inform Amazon about the problem was here, which may or may not be an appropriate location.	1
A good set of knock off iPhone ear buds, however everything about this ad is designed to deceive the buyer into thinking that they are wireless/Bluetooth. THEY ARE NOT.	1
Nice product, purchased to replaced damaged ones, which came on my truck. May upgrade after I see how they handle the car wash. Beside the expected adhesive trim tape, the newer ones had extension tabs, which insert behind the exterior mirror body mouldings, which increase the installation integrity and reduce chance of wind, water, carwash, etc, dislodging them.	2
I love these! I needed a container to pack my lunch for work that had a clear lid so food could be visualized for security purposes. These are working great for this. I love that the compartments are divided so I don't have to take multiple containers. They have washed well and done well in microwave.	2
This is the sturdiest step ladder that I have ever had! Love, love, the wide steps and the fact it is comfortable to sit on.	2
I love dried mulberries and usually order another brand but thought I'd give these a try. Unfortunately I opened the 2 pound bag just after the return window closed :-( These are as stated all squashed and clumpy. I feel guilty about throwing them out so I am slowly eating them, but 2 pounds is a lot to guilt eat through.	1
We wanted to cook, transport and serve hot in the same container. Perfect! The only drawback is the weight: once the food is in the container and in the heating device, it is a handful.	2
Quality wasnt amazing.	1
Nice set but I have returned ot and bought larger pans	2
I received my card holder last night and I had chosen the Matte Black color option. The lid is metal, however the base is all plastic. Im pretty disappointed as this color option cost more, and it does not fit the "Heavy-Duty Metal Business Card Holder" description. The plastic base feels very flimsy and could possibly be easy to break.	2
I found this to be expensive compared to other items. I could have a gotten a bigger house for less money	1
Very bad quality, after three months use, the shoulder strap was broken.	1
Delivered as promised; looks like it will do the job	2
Not what inspect to get	1
these earrings are truly Lovely.	2
I am so happy about this baby paper! I'll be washing this 1st before my babygirl puts her hands on it	2
Pool was exactly as promised. However it is not that durable. My lab tore the bottom by running around in first 10 minutes. It’s probably more suitable for smaller dogs.	1
This item arrived quickly via Amazon Prime. The picture quality of this Blu-ray is decent. While the image holds it's definition on larger screens, there just doesn't seem to be any "remarkable" increase in sharpness or visual quality over the DVD. I found no issues with the audio presentation. Everything sounded perfectly clear. This season definitely sets itself apart in terms of style. Rich and vibrant colors are plentiful, and there is no shortage of music. Characters are well fleshed out and I found the writing to be adequate. Wes Bentley handles a leading role as best he can, but Evan Peters portrayal of the psychotic Mr. March was worth the price of admission alone. Series regular Jessica Lange did not return for this season, but her absence is barely noticeable. All in all, it's an interesting season. It's extreme in all the ways that a story about a hotel full of psychopaths, vampires and murderous spirits could be. While the presentation is not as vivid as I'd hoped to see on Blu-ray, the extra physical durability and slight visual uptick in picture quality delivered by the format still make this a solid choice over the DVD.	2
I had a Verus wallet case for my IPhone 6s and I liked the fit of it. When I upgraded my personal cell I ended up deciding to get this one for my work Iphone 6s Plus and am pretty disappointed in it. In contrast to the smaller version the card bay is just way too tall--cards dont fit snugly into it so they bounce around in there. It also feels extremely flimsy to me while being more bulky. Just not digging it and immediately replacing with another product.	1
Everything worked just great as reviewed !	2
This band was exactly what I was looking for. It matches the color of my Apple watch series 4 perfectly. It looks elegant and it is very practical.	2
Love these jeans. Fit great and very comfortable.	2
Exactly what we were expecting, sold bass in a confined box. Can control volume and crossover frequency. Simple and effective! Definitely recommend for this price and size!	2
I brought one for me to secure a door n then l brought one for my mother to secure her door n she like the barking dog sound	2
I wish I could give this five stars as initially I loved it SO much I bought two of the butterfly ones for both grandmothers as gifts for my 3yo daughter to do. She loved pressing on the stickers (with assistance) and we both enjoyed the light shining through the beautiful owl during the day. However, it's been not barely past two months and suddenly I look over and see a LOT of stickers peeling and falling off (the kids don't touch this- it's high up). This is so frustrating. The only thing I can think of doing is finding some clear glue to press each and every little sticker back on- what a headache. I had to call each grandma up and warn them this might happen to theirs. I even helped press each sticker on tightly and accurately with my daughter so I know it's not because we didn't put it on right. Darn....like I said, beautiful but so not worth it if the adhesive won't work.	1
Failed my licensing exam by relying on this book. It's missing more than half the Virginia specific subjects. It's has so many typos and unrelated topics. Many questions refer to New Jersey laws. It's a complete garbage with nothing but confusing information to set you up for a failure. Stay away.	1
Sheds worse than a German Shepard. The fabric was all in my Spa!	1
I haven't found any dislikes other than the power plugin is a little misaligned. It was very easy to setup. I use it for mainly games.	2
My roommate recommended trying this out after seeing YouTube reviews on it. I have straight, non curly hair, but I wanted my hair to grow fast. So I gave it a try, do not try this if you have straight hair. Save your money and get something else. Because I washed my hair like 3 times before it got out with vinegar. But, my roommate does have curly hair so it didn’t go to waste and she has been using it for two days. The STRONG smell doesn’t seem to bother her, and it doesn’t look greasy like it did on mine. This wasn’t a hair product for me, but it seems to be working for her. But the smell is incredibly strong, if you do have curly hair but are sensitive to smells. I wouldn’t suggest this either, it is incredibly strong. Opening the tube and having some out fills the entire room with the smell. That’s my warning.	2
It’s kind of cute but it does not fit a bill very well. If you put something else do not close the magnetic clasp.	2
Not one of the best scarves, the is a lot of shedding and it runs small, I wouldn't order it	2
Almost 1 yr to the day bottom latch that hold door to stay closed unhooked tried to hook again but it don’t hold door closed tight anymore. 11months . Also dials on toaster writing is to small to read what your setting it on .	1
Leaks a lot at all joints even if I use plumber's tape.	1
Pros- Discreet, very sharp knife Cons- Difficult to open and close	2
didn't fit .. awkward attachment	1
Was hoping for the best with this product as oppose to other harsh chemicals. I was very disappointed after finding that my 2yo was bit more than 12 times after being outside for 45 min. Waste of money.	1
I love this item except that the measurement lines are not accurate.	2
A little bit and boxy but it’s still cute! I’m hoping it shrinks a little as I wash it.	2
Barely honks, have to squeeze hard and fast before you get a small honk	1
Ana is a lovely Christian lady whose walk matches her talk! This qualifies her to pen such a deeply thoughtful yet simple to use daily devotional that mirrors the many lessons she has learned in her walk with Christ! One of my favorite parts of each page are the questions she offers the reader to consider. Devotionals are only as effective as our ability to put in practice what we read, and Ana encourages us to apply the timeless wisdom from the book of Genesis to our own personal lives. Add this book to your quiet time with the Lord, and you will be blessed as I have been!	2
this is my absolute favorite of all tea's. I am hooked!!!! It is so delicious!!!	2
I'm using this for my phone. Not even going to bother putting my iPad in it. It's tiny. REALLY tiny. It's built well. No real weight to it, however. But... it's just tiny and short. Expected more.	2
didn't seem to work, but shipping was on point !	2
Had to return. Very cute but the plating is JUST a color and not actual gold. Caused an immediate reaction. She tried them for a few hours and instantly got red and crusty. Purchased some solid gold posts for the same price at Walmart that havent bothered her since.	1
The crock pot looks awesome and the paint was well made, but the burnt smell it produces every time we use is an annoyance. The lid handles looks very fragile and that they will brake soon, so we decide not to wash on the washing machine just because of this. It maintains temperature without much change. It only have three stars because of the smell and the flimsy handles.	2
Wrong size for my phone, I ordered it for my X max, instead I got it for the X. Please fix	1
Still got a little bit of dust under the screen even though I was cleaned it thoroughly prior to installation	2
Does not work with apple products. I have the iPhone XR and when playing music it will cut off and says it is not supported by apple.	1
My dogs are not really like it, not sure it helps their tartar	2
Did not work on my iPhone 7+ but did worked on my 6+ good for music only	2
Very good - they create a pretty tight fit over the ears, and reduce noise better than any other ear muffs I have used.	2
I was really hoping this would be like the photo and overall it is except for the fact that despite LOTS of ironing to get rid of the folds from packaging, it will not lay totally flat. The material is very very thick and poufs up a little across areas. Not a lot by any means but enough to make it a bit cheap looking. Such a bummer for such a cute black and white stripe table runner.	2
This was disappointing with the pressure to buy into additional material - took away the genuine message like so so many other spiritual insights for sale these days - thank goodness some genuineness exists today for humanities gain and not the author - just not here - stick with your own relationship with God or higher power = at least that is not for profit	1
Wanted to organize my kitchen pantry. I realized I didn't need all of these containers. Additionally, they are smaller then I elected. The larger ones don't hold a full box of cereal. Now I have several additional containers to find some place to store.	2
I use to prevent nighttime nervous leg syndrome. Also prevents nighttime leg cramps. I take it for my heart as well	2
I wish I could buy more of this shoe in all the beautiful colors. It fits great.	2
Needed to use way too much to get it to glow. Sadly it glows greenish not whit 😕	1
Light up on the ceiling didn’t even last two months. Can not make out the time on the ceiling but can read it on the screen.	1
This cord worked great for about 6 months, then died. No visible damage, but my phone stopped recognizing it as a certified charger. I feel it should work for longer than 6 months. Very disappointed.	1
This hub works fine to connect your peripheral devices BUT IT DOES NOT CHARGE the Laptop. So, beware.	2
I don't know where this was shipped from but it has taken way to long, I would have never ordered it if I would have known, I believe they should tell you how long it will take before you order it then you wont be waiting so long,	1
Love this house, everything was so much fun to put together. However for some of the instructions were not clear on how you put things together. The pictures showed the beginning and the end. No detail on how to get there which was very difficult to figure out. But other than that, super relaxing, could spend hours doing this.	2
Be very careful. The case will rip apart. I have a replacement on the way.	2
Not bad for the price but noise cancelling is lacking. I gave them away to someone who did not have a need for great nc.	2
Just ok. Don't really work unless they have direct sunlight. Probably returning them.	1
Was never delivered. I asked for a replacement and that was never delivered. Instead I got a notice that they processed a refund. I just wanted the dang toy.	1
Listing says 3. I received one. Paid $56 for one pan. When other sites you can buy one pan for $15. It doesn’t fit the saw. It’s cheap and not the original pan. Had to keep pan because we were in a bind and needed it. Not happy with this purchase.	1
I should’ve read the other reviews but mine had the same issue as others. The “stainless” steel started rusting along the grain of the metal.	1
tried to return but had been over specific time they set. now stuck with something i dont need. plus was not refunded	1
Color is darker than I expected but the coverage is great . I mix with a light foundation	2
Colors were good but it was thin and cheap material and backing	1
true to size, it runs a little small, but very nice	2
This is my first bottle so im not 100% sure yet. I do have to admit i feel my hair is a little thicker. But im hoping i notice alot more on 2nd bottle. Yes i plan on buying another.	2
I love this bag because it's just what I need! It's like a small duffel bag and has lots of room and it's made of waterproof material which is great for rainy days or just wiping clean. It's more on the casual side so it's not for date night but most definitely an everyday carry all!	2
Best price I can find in my area. Use this every day on my arms, neck and hands after a shower.	2
I was soooo happy when I received my shoe within two days . But when I tried it on way too big for me and the bottom of the shoe is also soft there’s no support for my arch.	1
I love these bags so much! They are adorable colors and carry a lot of weight. They seem like they will last a long time.	2
Had to saw off some of it to fit my AO Smith heater and then it went right in. We used my friends impact wrench to get the old one out (at 11 years it was totally gone). Two day delivery was perfect!	2
Outer edge started to peel up two weeks into usage. Doesn’t give the best quality screen protection.	1
Love the original product. It was not the item pictured. Received refund	2
Never used opted for IPVANISH	1
Doesn’t work. Would love it if it actually moved around...	1
There was no raspberry or half and half as described. Those are the two flavors we wanted the most. very disappointing.	1
After only a few months, the USB C has stopped working. It does not register on my laptop or phone. Very disappointing!	1
These are OK. The flavor is pretty good, but there is a bit of a grainy texture. I am not thrilled about the sugar content, which I somehow failed to notice prior to purchasing. However, it's hard to find gummies with fewer sugars and even more difficult to find options that don't have you eating 5+ gummies per day.	2
This is a SCAM! The title says ONE MONTH FREE but when I got on chat with Sirius XM the person said this radio does not qualify for the one free month and I would need to purchase a $15 a month plan. I will send this back. And contact Amazon about the misleading description.	1
Love this headset. Kinda look like an air traffic controller but sound quality and noise cancellation are amazing	2
I ignored the other reviews for this product in favor of its lower price. That was a mistake. In order to hear anything from the speakers, we have to have the volume high enough to make the speakers hum. Returning to purchase a higher quality item.	1
Not entirely sure what to think of the book. A dense protagonist is rather common trope in the genre, but it is rather extreme here, probably for the humor factor, but it is too extreme for me. Worse is that the other main characters seem to fit the cliché too much as well, leaving a relatively boring predictable story for me. Still, if it is the type of humor you like, I suspect it is much more entertaining. The ending does make me curious about what is going on...	2
Way too soft. No support.	1
Love this, keeps everything nice and neat! I do however need more storage lol, so I will be ordering more.	2
I love the product, the shipping was super fast . And free. 6 of the cans were dented. 4 were still usable, two were so badly dented (you could lay your finger in it which is the rule) that I had to throw them out . Obviously this company is not reading the comments on Amazon about dented cans. I am not the only one. If you don't mind some dents (and I don't) then you are OK. But the shipping box was not well insulated. I do love the product and it is hard to get in my area.	2
This is a gift so it has not been used. However it is a good quality tool, metal not plastic, and I will be happy to give it.	2
These filters do not work like the Brita filters. The water only filters through the top of this filter so when the water level in the upper part of the pitcher gets just below the top of the filter, it stops. This leaves water in the upper section that makes it difficult to pour without pouring unfiltered water. The Brita filters filter all of the water in the upper section of the pitcher. I do not recommend these filters and will not be buying these again. Now I have 5 filters that I don't really want...	1
Love the way it looks but I did have two pieces fall off after a while	2
The best toaster I have ever owned.	2
Easy installation and straight forward instructions. The remote is a little frustrating since it has a delay in the lighting reaction to button pushes. We cold not find any difference in the distance of the remote to the receiver. Colors are bright. Other than the remote, works as expected.	2
This is exactly like described. BUT, I didn't do the math to figure out how STEEP the ramp is. It is sturdy and the traction will file our Daisy dogs nails. I think we're going to adjust it by placing a 2x4 brace under the lower edge and middle support to make the angle not so steep. Daisy will only put her front paws on it.	2
Less than a month and they no longer work. Save your money.	1
Pretty thin, but the fit is nice.	2
Had me and 2 of my buddies try to install it. Ruined the whole thing in like 2 minutes. Would not recommend. Best to just leave wrapping to the professionals	1
It's very easy to control. I operated other drones before, so very easy to start up. It's worth the money.	2
Not for a whole day smell... I would only use it when I am about to go out...	2
Installed and work great	2
Neat concept but needs work. This doesn't work for pipes and not even close to 300 lights before charging. Maybe, and it's a big maybe, I might have gotten 50 before having to charge again. The insert said there was a brush for cleaning included but there was not. I should probably return this.	1
I was expecting a heavier more well made piece of machinery. It seems cheap but has held up beautifully. Makes sandwiches perfectly every time(unless I am heavy on the PB and J). It kind of sucks to clean when there is too much PB.	2
I love caramel apples. I am allergic to peanuts, so I prefer to make my own. I was very disappointed with this product. The caramel is tough and does not have a good flavor. Don't waste your money.	1
Controller won't connect to my system no matter if it is wireless or wired, absolutely absurd	1
BEWARE......The description is misleading as it shows the "kit" with the speaker and the brackets. But you only are getting the antenna package with the coaxial. Amazon was awesome and refunded me the entire order and sent me the return label so I could ship it back.. then I ordered everything separate, and still was under the purchase price of this item. I SHOULD HAVE READ THE REVIEWS SOONER. as several of the customer reviews stated the same issue. But I just looked at the star rating and not the reviews.. lesson learned. I am sure the antenna is wonderful. But I expected the "kit" pictured not just the antenna..	1
For the money, its good. It should be fine, seems built well. Of course you could spend more and get much better stuff but its definetely worth the money! I attatched it to my motorcycle helmet like in the picture. Its kinda confusing of how to manipulate it to get it straight but once you fiddle around with it, it looks great. Theres a lotta plastic hanging off the front of your helmet but it doesnt look bad in my opinion. Get it!	2
LOVE the umbrella, good quality, but it does NOT come with a velcro strap to secure the umbrella when closed. Hence the 4 stars.	2
the steel seems to be of good quality however the hole in the center does not go down far enough to mount on a stanley #3 bench plane.	2
The trailer made this seem like a visually stunning creepy movie. What it actually turns out to be, is the most pretentious piece of dog shit I've ever seen. Anyone who rated this movie anything more than 1 star, or worked in the production of it, is a delusional c*nt. I would go on, but that would be all the more time this movie stole from me. F*ck you Nicholas Cage.	1
We like this French press but the color didn’t work. A few more washings and the poorly applied color coating will be completely gone and we’ll have a French press that looks as good as it works. Buy the stainless one. The colors are a fail.	2
The front camera part of it fell off the minute it was opened. I wanted to return it, but never got around to it. The kids didn't really care for it. Wish I didn't buy it.	1
This is junk. Spend a little more and get one that works.	1
I have been waiting for these to be available in an off white/beige.	2
Trunk Cargo Net was very easy to install. Product is well worth the price.	2
I’ve been using this for the past 4 months. Absolutely nothing special! I say save your money and buy a cheaper brand. The granules are finer but I didn’t feel/see an difference. It smells pretty but that’s about it!	1
Hangs too low in the back. My son was always showing crack. Loose stools turned into blowouts!	2
The box was ripped and part of one of the toys was flipped open. The other toys were zip tied in. So it looks as if it was used or just stolen. Wont know how the toys are because they are a gift and wont be opened or played with just yet. Bummed it looks like I bought a $20 used toy as a gift	1
The Base is fine but glass top cracked.	2
It’s a little softer then I had hoped but it’s very good quality. Seems well made and great value for 2 pillows. Would definitely recommend it to others. I got them in king size.	2
Rhinestone part fell off of ribbon after one wear.	1
This is a nice compact knife that is satisfactorily sharp. However, the assisted function stopped working after about 10 tries. I wanted this to be a compact knife that I could clip to my belt and open with one hand in the extreme event that my only had use of one hand. The assisted, one hand/finger opening feature world like a dream at first, but crapped out entirely after about 10 tries. It's still a relatively sharp knife, but now the assisted open feature is useless. I was super happy at first, but quickly turned to disappointed after a few uses. Had I known that there were a short number of uses before the mechanism stopped working, I wouldn't have played with it and reserved the knife for true dire circumstances (that hopefully never happen).	1
Colors are great and easy to install, the self adhesive could be better, if you are going to hang them on a wall, you are going to need some clips	2
I have a ton of these for sorting hardware. The new version is smaller and incompatible with the old ones. Boxes will no longer stack and the larger bottom bins are now smaller. Nice way to ruin a great product to save a few cents on plastic. Glad I saw this before buying more.	1
Just an ok product was not as good as the prior brand I used	2
Didn’t last long already stopped getting hot	1
Great fit and it seems to be a good quality shirt for the price.	2
These are really wide, but then again my baby does not have the typical chubby baby feet.	2
Day Anti-Glare visor works fine unless the Sun is directly shining straight into you vision. Not strong enough to block out the Sun. Night Anti-Glare visor works great.	2
I love the style of this fountain but ... The base/pedestal is so thin I can see daylight (voids in the base casting) through multiple areas of just the base and one of the ball design features around the column was broke/shattered on arrival but ... that is understandable seeing as how this one came out of the mold before the final coat/coats of fiberglass were applied. Hope it's a fluke in production because I want another one just like this one for another area of my property. Here's hoping.	2
well the first rack i got was a gift, but the second one i ordered would not hold the balls in place on either side so i returned it hoping the product will improve as i liked the first one.	1
For a collectible to be shipped in a box with no extra packaging is ridiculous. It came half opened and damaged. Scared to do a return just to get another one in the same condition. Edit: Replacement was put in and very easy to do, gave it another star for ease of return. Will update again depending on condition of replacement.	1
I really like this. Its great for taking gun cleaning items out into the field.	2
nice look and temp seems rather accurate (I'm comparing with my older thermometer). one star off is the display seems a bit busy with all the max and min numbers which i haven't yet figured out what there the numbers relatives to.	2
I really enjoyed this book. It stretches the imagination at times but I’m ok with that. The hoarder aspect was an interesting plot line.	2
Good size! good price! looked great this Christmas!	2
Interesting story, but not the quality I am used to reading by Penny. I read it in under two hours, and in retrospect would have only paid $.99 for it on Kindle.	2
This case fell off a nightstand and cracked after hitting the carpet floor. I wouldn’t recommend this. Makes me concerned if this phone landed on the sidewalk.	1
It fit perfectly, glad I got it.	2
Beautiful colors.. Worked great with my theme	2
Wearing it for the first time and there are some things I like and some things I don't. I ordered my regular bra size. The next size up might be too big, not sure. I like the fact that there is enough closure on the side that skin does not bulge out but if I had a say in the design I would add more coverage in front. It is low and it tends to push your breast toward the center which causes a bulge. I like the back support and I think it will be more comfortable after I get used to it. Will wear for a week before deciding if I will keep it. Update: after wearing it for a few days I have concluded this bra is great for small busted women....however, full figure women might find the front coverage not adequate. I moved all the adjustments as wide as they went and the bra is comfortable enough to most likely keep. Will wear a week before deciding.	2
I saw this in the movies and watched it again. I enjoyed it. Had a twist that I didn’t expect.	2
This is small and poorly shaped, not sure what plant would survive in this, I already killed one	2
Suction is fairly good. Hose broke off attachment on first use. Tried to re-attach and it would hold for a bit, then come off again. Yellow rubber around end of attachments rubs off on car interior.	1
Kept Macaw entertained for an hour before it was completely demolished	2
Morgan seems to have acquired a very powerful enemy that is bound & determined to make her life miserable. Fortunately, she makes some good friends to help her barely stay out of trouble.	2
i used it for four days and it worked as promised. On the fith day i went swimming and at some point later on the fith day the controller popped out of the wrist band and is lost. I did not do any thing different on the fith day other than swim. Very poor design. I am now out 50 bucks. .	1
Giving this a 4 star based on the intensity of the Color. I love how these covers add a pop of just the right accent tone to make it all work.	2
As my favorite Disney ending, I had to add Te Ka to my desk. Very happy with the purchase.	2
Says it arrived but I never got it or was never shown at my house	1
They are made with coconut oil, which I don't like, but thought I wouldn't taste the coconut so it didn't matter. I was wrong. I guess coconut oil has a very overpowering taste, because I think it made this popcorn taste bad. Or maybe it was the protein aspect, but I doubt it. The only way I could tolerate eating these was by adding lime juice. (Don't knock it 'til you try it). Anyway, even after brushing my teeth, flossing, and rinsing with mouthwash, the smell of chili/coconut oil still lingered in my mouth in a bad way. It made my breath stink the morning after I had done my oral hygiene routine. Maybe if you like coconut oil you'll like these.	1
IT'S A SCAM!!!Don't buy it.They will only get your money.I have been waiting so long and never received the dress.Amazon gave me the bad news that I was scamed from them.	1
Sound quality impresses, but the earbuds don't fit my small ears very well.	2
My son enjoyed his socks, he had crazy sock day at school. The only thing I didn't like was that one pair looks more for like a girl.	2
Item was send without the blue sticks to build.	1
This is my second set of Tao Trinidad headphones. I’m somewhat addicted to audiobooks so listen quite a bit and wanted more listening time between charging. This way I can listen with one set while other set is charging. I love the fact they will run 8 hrs on a single charge. Perfect for someone on the go constantly!	2
The material is very thin and very see through. The picture does not do much justice to the shape and material.	1
Awesome cd with bonus songs	2
Beware! I got these headlights in early September 2017, fast forward barley 6 months later, was driving home at night and one of the lamps starts to flicker and then I could smell burning wire. The light finally just went dead. Got home and took it off and popped off the rubber cover and all of the wires comming from the main lamp are just scorched and melted together. Would not recommend these to anyone. Only 60 days for the warranty so just wasted 300.00 bucks. Also they had a really bad moisture issue that may have something to do with why all the wires caught fire. Don't waste you money!	1
They arrived with the arms being bent. It’s smushing my head. Tighter than children’s glasses. Can’t even return it. Sad.	1
Got so many compliments on this outfit. Baby girl looked comfy and happy! Definitely purchasing more colors	2
This shirt has a bad smell to it that is cancer get out... can not wear it ...	1
Don't bother with this "hands free" pumping bra. It doesn't actually hold the flanges in place to make it actually hands free. Also, the cut-outs for the flanges are quite small so unless your nipples hit EXACTLY in the right spot (spoiler alert - mine didn't) then it won't work for you.	1
Awesome product plenty room for stuff a co worker even bought one after seeing mine	2
It is similar to the apple silicon case, however it does not hold up over time. Within 6 weeks the material was already peeling and getting slimy to the touch. It is a sturdy protective case, however the material just doesn’t last with use.	1
These are good the original insole is easily slipped out to put my professional orthotic in. I have wider feet and the regular size was worked I did not need to order a wide. Lots of toe room. I was looking for a good shoe that I didn't need to spend a fortune on.	2
After a few nights, everytime I went over a bump the light would turn off and I would have to turn it back on again. It was a nuisance. I like the effect it give but having to turn it on constantly while riding the bike is annoying.	1
Should fit a little tighter	2
They are ok. I would have returned but I am lazy. They are see through	2
Only one of the two worked. The one that does Work dosent feel like it will be working long.	1
Nice for small gun work! I also bring it shooting to protect gun from tailgate	2
Took away the dog smell, but the resulting smell from the bag is not particularly pleasant. I expected no smell when I used the product.	2
I've read the reviews complaining about the adhesive. I have pulled, tugged, made throwing motions while holding it (above a cushion so if my phone fell out, it'd be safe), and it has held steady. Looks cool as heck. My only complaint is the pointy edges on the ring itself doesn't feel the most comfortable and won't allow it to be used as a vertical kickstand, only as a horizontal one.	2
Although they are for my son I’ll write the review! Just got yesterday and he tried them on and is not sure about fit. He will have to wear in house to see if he likes them, just not sure yet	1
I love these black suede pumas so much that I've bought 5 pairs of the same shoes over the years. Comfy, sleek and great for everyday wear.	2
We wanted belts for walking that would hold water bottles but didn't want to pay close to $40 a piece. These work great and very comfortable. The only downside is it's a little hard to put the water bottle back. Not a real problem when walking but maybe a little hard to do when running. Other than that perfect!!!	2
This umbrella was fantastic at filtering the 110 degree AZ heat. It kept me from getting sunburned and also reduced the amount of heat coming through. However, it broke after one week of use. Returning it as a defective product. :(	2
Very disappointed, not the item I order!!	1
I ordered the mirror and after about 2 weeks it broke off at the suction cup. I thought it was defective. I returned it and ordered another one which broke immediately also. I didn't go to the trouble of returning the 2nd one. Do not buy. It should not be sold.	1
The most the color. The least the weight.	2
i like it a lot of turn.s in it	2
I'm SO very disappointed in these newly designed Acorn Spa Wrap Ladies house slippers! I had been purchasing this style Acorn slippers for a long time. I skipped a couple of winters to try their other styles & decided to go back to the Spa Wraps only to find out they've been redesigned. They're bulkier, the velcro on the strap which holds the slippers on your feet is weak & almost nonfunctional, the elastic in the heal that keeps the back on your foot is useless regardless of size, (correct or size up), the sizing is no longer true & the arch support is gone. I'm so utterly disappointed that I am changing to Bobs by Sketchers; the support animal in shelters as well as my feet!	2
Does exactly what I need it to do! Purchased this for my home network so I could have a few hard drives accessible via WiFi. Works great. Detailed instructions for multiples ways to set up, I found them relatively easy to follow along. This device is small!	2
Like you can tell this is cheap and crappy, but it works so good. Zero issues, however the software is a bit out of date	2
Meh. It works, you get what you pay for.	2
Good item works well along with generator monitor. Easy to install using wi-fi. Must have for second homes.	2
2 of the 3 pens did not work.	1
It is easy to install and can hold a good amount of books but the lower latch is unnecessarily too large while it is supposed to hold only the cover of the first book. This design flaw makes the books not truly floating, a bit disappointed. I noticed that the comparable product on Amazon has used a tiny latch to hold the cover.	2
I breed Golden Retrievers and have tried a few different whistles and these are well worth the price and perform well. They are not entirely silent so you can hear a faint whistle when blowing but certainly not loud so as to disturb sleeping neighbors or anyone nearby. My dogs have responded well and I appreciate saving my voice when doing long recalls. I am most impressed with the quality, for a low price you often get what you pay for, with these I really like the wide lanyard and sturdy connections and don't feel that the whistle will come apart with use as I've had with other brands.	2
Its a good weight and looks amazing! My only issues with it is that it doesnt bring any spare parts incase it breaks but Thats fine. Overall its great	2
It fell apart in less then a month.	1
Markers were dried up when they arrived.	1
I loved the book I can give a five stars. It was impossible to put it down. I loved the innocence of the boy, the values described are strong and it takes your attention all through the book. The loving care of the staff of the house is quite amazing. That boy only gets love from the mother and the staff and that is what keeps him so innocent and loving.	2
Works great ! way too expensive :((	2
Had all four of these for a year and change. Used them quite frequently and left them outside all the time in all weather conditions here in PA. They still work but not well and struggle to light and hold a flame even when refilled. 15 months later after beating the hell out of them I guess they are worth the 13$ as medium term beater torches.	2
Started leaking on the front and back about a week after installing. Not sure what to do now...	1
Product arrived USED with damaged packaging. Return option not provided.	1
Came broken and SHARP. Glad I noticed the possible danger.	1
The padded handles are nice especially when your 110 lb Rottie is trying to drag you a little faster	2
I received the wrong remote. Not even close to the remote pictured or ordered. Zero stars. The return date has come and gone. I work a job where I couldn't get to home in time to figure this out.	1
The watch says to download one of two apps, bt notifier or fun run for tracking the data from the watch. Fun run costed 99 cents and my google play wasnt letting me purchase and the bt notifier wanted me to download another app of theirs to read the qr code so I could sync the data between the watch and my phone. When I downloaded the qr code reader it scanned the code and wanted me to download a file on to my phone. My phone beeped and a screen popped up saying if I download this file it could harm my phone. Then the app was wanting me to turn off my virus protector on my phone. I do not recommend this watch. Directions are wanting you to download shady software to your device.	1
The fit was perfect. Helped keep my shoulder stable and relieved my pain. Also very comfortable to wear through the day.	2
This is a bargain! Very cute product perfect for Bridal Shower favors. Love it!	2
This journal is so beautiful. I am so happy with it.	2
Great for taking pictures	2
I expected a deeply emotional and gritty novel, especially since Derek was supposed to be a mobster, or drug dealer, something like that. It just went on like a whisper, and ended in a whimper. A rich mobster, who couldn’t take the death of his mom, moved to another town, into his girlfriend’s tiny apartment? We never see him at work either. This is such a let down, knowing the type of novel Willow Winters writes.	1
Has a really artificial taste to it.	1
Works great. I actually have been more fond of this one than I have with the bands from FitBit. I have gone through three of theirs, and the customer service line is not worth the time, so I just bought one myself. This has been a great purchase thus far.	2
It absorbs water real good. I love it. Think I’ll purchase another.	2
AMAZING. This has worked decently well, All insect and pests are gone in about one weeks. Highly recommend!	2
Really wanted to return these since I purchased them in error but only short return window and missed it. The down side to purchasing on Amazon.	1
I use for cognitive issues. This seems to work as well as other brands I have used st a more reasonable price	2
What a waste of my money...these do not go thru. my epson printer....yet said it would...ive tried everything...and my printer will not except them...ive changed settings, everything...nope...so if ya have a home printer...dont waste your money on these.....i have no idea what im gonna do with them now...awful product	1
Lightweight and comfortable	2
Nice for the days of lower back pain	2
These are kind of light weight. If I had to do it over, I would be looking for better quality.	1
About 20% of these will tear when you put them on. For mechanic work you will find yourself with four gloves on your dominant hand because they rip if you touch something with them. The Harbor freight gloves are a better deal.	2
I love Sun Bum while in the tropics but it does feel a bit greasy so I don't wear unless I know I will be out in the sun and water all day.	2
Works Perfect and came just in the knick of time.	2
This model does NOT stick to a window so there isn't any "suction power". This is an Aspect brand feeder... the top of the line as far as hummingbird feeders. No leaking - even in the wind. Special Aspect bee guards (sold separately) really do keep the bees out.	2
The spoon arrived totally scratched which absolutely worries me. If in transit, rubbing against the other included utensils, the coating easily comes off, what am I to think about when I’m using them? Will I be eating the enamel? The weight of these utensils is good but what a poor choice for the coating. I need these for a camping trip in a couple of days so I’m not returning but I am wary of using these regularly or long-term. They are pretty though.	2
So my robe came in and it came with a giant hole near the ol' butthole region. I also received a large complimentary knot of human hair on the sketchy little panties provided. This just got real weird. Sent back right away. Super cute though so i guess i will try to order it again from one of the hundreds of other chinese sellers on here lol	1
love the whisk but came apart and the handle after only a few months of use. I stuck it back on but it does not stay on all the time anymore.	1
How can you review this, it is not even a book. It is only a partial. Why on earth would anyone seriously call this a book. It is more like what is printed on the back of a book jacket.	1
The mop head it too small. Metal scraps on floor.	1
I’m pretty surprised at the quality. Great stuff and sexy too !	2
Nice arm band. Fit like it should. Would have gotten 5 stars if I had gotten it in 2 days like I should have by ordering Prime!	2
Some of the balloons were very hard to fill up because the opening was so small. And some of them once filled did not float because they were so heavy. I really like the smiley face w/grad cap but he floated sideways because he is top heavy. Overall not so impressed.	1
Just got this in the mail today, installed it myself, and it seems to work great. Signals worked immediately, and it fit my 2003 Impala perfectly. Very happy.	2
This was a gift, but looks great in person! I love floor puzzles & this Paw Patrol puzzle was very colorful.	2
Second time purchasing this product, for the price it’s a great. I have 2 distinct lines on my neck, this really helped one of them look less dominant. The other has remained the same, curious to see what another month will do.	2
It broke in the first trip	1
These clocks are great!! I bought my first one 12 years ago. Never have had a problem with it, this past year I ordered 3 more for my house, got my sister and her daughters a total of 5 for Christmas, and I just ordered my younger sister one, the colors are so pretty and bright. They are silent. Good purchase	2
Worked as they should	2
So these work as intended, big BUT. I tried to reset my password recently and it only gave me the option in Chinese (not sure if this was a setting issue). And when I requested a temp password (multiple times) it was the same temp password each time. Makes me think these aren't as secure as they should be. But it's only for a wall plug so the concern is not too large. but makes me rethink these cheap chinese options.	2
Looks better than the pictures. Works over glasses. Lightweight but effective	2
the shrug fit well but the material was very casual.	1
Works very well. Little scrubbing needed.	2
Don't expect the cord to impress, unless it's just there for looks. The one I received would provide a small trickle, and most riders ended up with like 2 percent more battery after disconnecting.	1
Smells amazing! Great price for a great product.	2
Blows a lot of air right up neck. Really cools me off at work. In high it lasts about 4 hrs continuous. Wish it ran 10 he on high but I love it	2
Great product!!!! My fur baby loves it and it feels great giving him really high quality whole foods.	2
It keeps lifting up on the edges.	1
Comfortable to rest on, but too hard to sleep on.	2
Taste bad like they are old. I can not get a refund so keep that in mind . Maybe it was a bad batch.	1
I had a lot of questions about the Speaking of tongues.This book has helped a lot an answer some of them. It is hard to because i believe in Speaking in tongues but mom does not.when i am in the presents of the Holy Spirit and i start talking like that i just close my door. Thank you again Rick Costa for writing this book it has really helped a lot. May God Bless You Always.	2
Had an issue with the first set, seller quickly agreed to send another set, which is working perfectly!! If you have an issue, ask for help! Works great now.	2
Material was so comfortable on my post double mastectomy skin and incisions. Only problem is it’s too small. Already wearing on the last hook.	2
Didn't help my sleep at all.	1
I like the value and taste. I do wish that there was less breakage	2
It is small enough for any size tree, yet substantial enough and packaged in a pretty box- great keepsake!	2
Looks good but quit working correctly. I've had it on car a yr but in that time we were swapping the motor. Has MAYBE 4 hrs drive time total.	1
Works as expected. Arrived in a timely manner.	2
Absolutely worth the money and loved by the kids.	2
These sleeves offered great support. I'm able to run around the house with these on without having to wear orthotics. The only issue I have is due to my high instep. The fabric wads up on top of my foot which gets uncomfortable.	2
Not as good as my old one was when new	2
Taste good and healthy	2
My poor old dog has to wear these now to avoid accidents. They do the job and he looks so good wearing them around the house.	2
Great dress especially if you accessorize it with a belt.	2
Length on size large is good but the width seems to be intended for someone an entire foot wider than I am.	2
Name says that it fits Rtic tumbler but is to small for their 30oz.	1
ARRIVED WITH SOME PANELS BROKEN OUT !!!	1
Very very slick. I am certain this device will be slipping out of my hands often. It's made out of hard smooth plastic without a any thought for grip!	1
I would not recommend this product for black women with curly hair. Gets jammed. Does not give a clean shave. But was good for facial hair, eyebrow touch-ups, etc.	2
I did not receive the package.	1
In less than one year, the left channel is no longer working. The speaker is not active at all. The right channel works as always. USB cable not the issue. Worst is that I can find no support to submit a warranty claim.	1
The quality of these is poor. While I was able to cut them to size, they didn’t provide any relief for my feet. No shock absorption at all.	1
I bought this because I finally finished with a bottle of Mesmerize from a few years ago and thought it would be nice to try all the products. The roll-on and body wash are just okay, but the body lotion was awful and had a weird, off-putting and cheap smell that didn't compliment the cologne at all. This new bottle of cologne is very weak and after about 1 hour there was no scent left. Nothing compared to the bottle I had just used. Not even close. The bottle and cap look different, too. It was like a very weak knock off. Not buying again.	1
Keeps your interest and a very good plot. Looking forward to reading her other books. So will get started on the next book.	2
My fibromyalgia has made just about any bra uncomfortable. These work great when I don't want the girls swinging around town.	2
Have not received my order	1
Way better than our previous baby trend pack and play when it comes to assembly. Our LO didn't really care for the smaller bassinet as it's kinda hard. Overall, we like it!	2
Absolutely love this stuff and the shipping is awesome delivered early again	2
Great,Everything the Wok is large and you can fry, stir fry, stream and more	2
Like other reviewers I didn’t realize how small these plates were. Cost cs value is less than ideal in my opinion.	2
Don't let the price of this towel bar fool you, it is a well made bar. I purchased the 33" double bar. The bar that is closest go the wall is smaller in diameter than the other bar. I found the mounting hardware to be on the whimpy side. Both ends of my bar were mounting into studs, so I eliminated the wall anchors and replaced the 4 flat head screws with beefier and longer pan head screws. No problem with clearance when attaching the bar to the brackets. This bar is rock solid on my wall. I gave it 4 stars due to the undersize mounting hardware.	2
It was ripped when we opened it, no good	1
The story did hold my interest and the end was a bit surprising. However I found the heroine quite unlikeable and was dismayed that she would buy a shabby bar and express no interest in making it any better. She told a customer with scorn that she did not serve frozen drinks or food. I could just feel the grime and smell the spilt beer on the carpet. I also found the church bit unbelievable. Not interested in any more of Janet Black.	2
Super cute, huge and fun. But the body broke after one pool use. In a backyard pool. We can't find the hole, but every time we refill it with air, within 2 hours it's almost flat again.	1
It fit my 16yr old perfectly... she's 5'9" and 135 lbs...and I ordered a Large!	1
The design of the product is very unique and standard, the quality is very good, the shell is very strong, the design and color of the product are very charming and beautiful. This product is highly recommended. The family is very satisfied and happy, can buy such high quality products. Later Will continue to buy!	2
Used both. Cannot read fingerprint and have to push hard on keyboard. Threw in the trash.	1
perfect! will deff reorder	2
Can not close door with on	1
Not a good insole. Very narrow and super hard on heel. Also not eligible for return. Would not buy this again. I'm stuck with an unusable Product.	1
I really like the soap and it smells wonderful! I would caution about buying other items with this soap, of the 3 bottles one spilled half its contents on the rest of my order and another spilled out some too.	2
Got the medium color and it was too light-will use for winter or at least try. This stuff comes off easily. When I use the foundation brush, it only stays in my small pores. Looks like crap! Also, tried using something on top of it/in conjunction with, and it looked caky So it will be a backup if that.	1
Needs to be more flexible, hard to get on properly	1
Works well and is compatible with the Alexa app. No problems controlling through both my 2nd and 3rd generation Echo Dots.	2
Lost one piece of my Boise sport. This order came in fast and with three sizes for each ear I am in great shape. They fit and performed like the originals. Would defiantly buy again - hope I don't need to though...	2
seems like good quality but is frustrating to play if you are used to normal monopoly because the colors for both the money and the property's have been changed and can throw your game off. also it does not come with the normal amount of houses and hotels.	2
It take too long to get the order and it did not fit and having trouble getting my refund.	1
These are my favorite spicy noodles. I don't know how they will undo themselves, but I can't wait.	2
Not as represented. Please see the customer questions. I usually only read reviews, but the customer questions would have steered me away. It is Stark White, looks like a baptismal gown instead of a vintage off white dress.	2
This jacket is great, the fit is good and it shows it can stand up to the weather	2
Like it alot, does have a slight smell to it. Waiting, hoping it will dissipate soon.	2
This is usually my favorite brand! These are very cute and comfortable, but the first pair broke in a few hours of wearing them at work. (I have a desk job) I was sent a replacement pair, but I've been afraid to wear them, as I don't want the same thing to happen. 🤞 Update - I've changed my rating to 2 stars, as the replacement pair have broken as well. They lasted 2 days. Very disappointed.	1
I got this product for my daughter's new phone. I watched the video online and the installation went very smoothly. There was no dirt or bubbles trapped under the protector. After I gave the phone to my daughter she asked me when I was going to put the screen protector on and I told her I already had. This protector blends in very well with the phone. Only time will tell how well it holds up to the typical teenager abuse.	2
You get what you pay for.	1
Two of the six containers arrived broken and unusable. Outer box was not damaged, these appeared to have been broken prior to boxing. Seller was Amazon Warehouse Deals.	1
Battles rage on many fronts and Lucas is right in the middle of it! Each of these books builds on the previous one.	2
mine arrived and was labeled 7 year mold resistant. Didn't think anything of it, i have sealed many bathroom sinks and tubs with no problem ... until now. This stuff will not cure. 24 hours later it is still as soft and sticky as when i applied it. IT WILL NOT CURE. After searching the internet, it seems the newer GE Silicone has a use by date and it is no good after that. Now i have a mess on my hands ...THANKS GE	1
Product is as advertised. Would purchase again. Does an excellent job protecting my seat backs from my grandchildren's dirty shoes.	2
Products (do not use seal )was broken upon receiving this item, I have read there may be tampering by this distributor...will not buy again	2
Am tried to use on my IPhone X to my Samsung 50” plasma. Good luck, it’s cheap to buy for a reason.	1
The part that goes in the ear hole is flimsy and it bent several several times. It was bent coming out of the package. They are really pretty though and I received compliments which is the reason for 2 stars.	1
Wears away quick and can cut the dog’s gums. Noticed blood on the bone after a few chews. My Dogs teeth are super clean.	1
No pockets. Open fly (no button). Don't buy. This information is not available upfront, so please read the reviews. In detail.	1
did not work at all lol	1
As stated in other reviews, you do need to be sure the two sides of the shelf snap into place, but even doing that it will not stay in place. It’s too flimsy and ends up flexing and coming loose. We would baby it along by only put the lightest items on it, but after several times opening and closing the fridge the shelf and everything on it would fall on the floor. Useless junk.	1
Some really good old fashioned humor.	2
Product fine for some exercises but not very good for working as a chair at desk level... way to short.	2
Awful candles! Burn way too fast and run terribly since the wick isn’t centered. We’ve actually saved lighting them for Sundays only so we can make them last until Christmas. Usually, we can light the candles multiple times a week for all of advent. Worst advent candle set we’ve purchases on Amazon.	1
This water bowl for pets is great. It's really big so for us it lasts about a week or so.. The water gets gross at times but its not too bad to clean,	2
works in tandem with the yamaha mouthpiece. nothing fancy about it, good yamaha quality.	2
Product comes off and didn’t work well at all	1
I bought 5 of these packs. There are at least 2 in every box that have had the lead completely fall out of the pencil. They smell good though.	1
Not sturdy markers sign won't go away easily	1
Ive only used a few times cuz its still pretty new to me. but i really like it. cooks food faster and healthier. even got my husband using it.	2
I purchased a small and seemed closer to the size of a medium. Otherwise very nice shirt with soft material.	2
I have bad ankles, especially my Achilles tendon. Wanted a slide that would help my feet feel better. This slide is just a slide, no real discernable difference from others.	1
This product was damaged. Scratched, chipped.	1
shipped quickly with no scuffs or scratches. look great on our bathroom vanities!	2
In my opinion, it's not worth more than 5 dollars	1
Very helpful with granddaughters	2
These were if exceptional quality for the price point. I ordered the minimum for my son, a new attorney, as I was skeptical of the price and quality. Will definitely order more from this company as the professional quality was just what I wanted.	2
very difficult to adjust straps to fit	2
Still have bugs at home. Nothing has changed.	1
US Army Veteran here, So I know of what I speak. I bought this as a security vest for work. Since I do security. In my picture I annotated what can be removed. Pistol Cannot be put on other side for lefties, like myself. Only Two Items can be completely removed.shoulder straps are a JOKE, the can be Velcroed tighter, but then cause a fold since it is sewn in, and you are folding material and then velcroing it down!	2
It did nothing for my sons rash.	1
As described and came well packaged. The lazy Susan came intact and so far in the couple of months I have had, it has no issues.	2
good product and SO much cheaper than the dealer	2
Very pretty stone, love it.	2
was present ... they seemed to love it	2
Giving it one star because you can't give negative stars. I received my item today. Very disappointed with this purchase. My item came broken. The package itself was intact so I will assume it was broken prepackaged.	1
Arrived broken. Didn’t work. Have as gift so didn’t open box until too late to return.	1
Great faucet, problem is the hot water line which was provided was defective and leaked at the shut off valve. No problem, just replace the water line right?... No, it is a special item that can not be purchased at big box or plumbing supply.	1
Super helpful and has a range of settings. Appreciate this purchase alot.	2
well we got his to help maintain the fur of two cats who live with us, however this gloves are too stiff and well maybe not that good for cats or maybe our cats are not fan of the gloves. maybe a dog will enjoy them. No single complain about the quality so is kind of disappointing because but is more because of the temper of our cats than the product itself. no other use could be found for them so well all things for these cats is a flip of a coin, some stuff they love and some other like this is not appreciated. So good luck with your own cats have in mind they are really complex beings.	2
PROS: Soft comfortable material, good fit CONS: The stitching is horrendous. There are huge knots of jumbled stitching at the edges. The threads are already coming unraveled after a short period of time, less than 2 months. This is happening at the collar and wrists. I suggest paying a little more for a better quality shirt.	2
It meets my need, happy with the purchase.	2
Works good. It’s a little tipsy. Purchased another one for my husband and like that one better . But this is really good for price	2
I love this piece. However, it attracts a ton of static. Therefore, it was kind of hard to wear. I'm keeping it & will give it another try. I wore it one night and it constantly fell off my shoulders and when I would put it back on, there was a ton of static before I could put it on again. Arrived on time. Good packaging.	2
I saw no results , waste of money	1
Reads like a novel. Engrossing. Great insight into the characters involved. Really get to know them - particularly their motivation on both sides - spies and spy catchers. Backdrop to John Le Carre's Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy.	2
Good sound. Design is nice too	2
I really liked the fit and the sturdiness of this product!	2
This bamboo brush is excellent for long hair. It works as it's supposed too. Good weight to it. Not much else to say. Would recommend.	2
These aren’t worth the money. They pop off constantly and don’t provide much as far as grip goes.	1
Amazing product easy to use.	2
I ordered the longest length for my boots. They are way too short still. Not only that the bungee clip was very hard to put both laces thru. You’re better off buying normal laces.	2
Very durable and great OE replacement. Price is very reasonable. Will purchase again next summer!	2
The larger studs are a little too big for my nose, but I bought this pack realizing that and with the intention to use only the smaller studs. They fit great, stay in wonderfully, and are exactly what I want. However, I’m giving this product only 3 stars, because the largest gem stud arrived with a noticeably crooked gem, another stud has a crooked top, and two of the round gems have popped out of their setting within just a couple days. These are the first replacements I have bought for my nose piercing and they don’t irritate my body at all (and I have extremely sensitive skin on my ears). I do suggest these for comfort and fit, but quality is a little questionable.	2
I like the clarity of the speaker. I don't like that people on the other end of the call cannot hear me clearly unless I sit close to the Echo. I am surprised that, although Connect can dial anyone on my contacts list by name, Echo cannot tell me the phone number of a contact when I ask.	2
Love this product! Mascara is now optional! My only complaint is that it doesn’t last 90 days, but more like 30 days for me.	2
Lovely color! The only small complain is it only comes with one heat mode. But this seems the feature for all mini heater.	2
They fit me, but they are not high waisted. They sit below my belly button. I like the pockets and they seem to be made of good material. Definitely should not be advertised as high waisted tho. That was a disappointment.	2
I used this for enclosing my 50 ft oxygen tubing. My cats were always biting through it. Works perfect.	2
MagSlider Lid doesn't do anything. Certainly has nothing to do with sealing. Can't even swirl the liquid slightly without it coming through the lid. That aside, I like the Yeti for coffee and it keeps it hot for a long time as Yeti's are known to do...	2
These heads are a great buy! The heads fit well on my Braun electrical toothbrush and they are not hard to put on or take off. My only wish is that it had a hole on both sides instead of just one side. Other than that, the brush heads work great! I would buy again.	2
Didn't fit, had to return it and go to the manufacturer at a much cheaper price	1
works well, the only tiny complaint I have is that there wasn't enough beads provided. Just another handful or two of beads will help my brushes stay up better. Besides that it's great and I would recommend it.	2
I brought this to my 10-year-old son. He likes it very much. He has been wearing it day and night for the past four days, with 50% of the battery left. Good smart watch price! It can also guarantee the connection between my son and me! Setting operation is also very simple for the son, it is worth recommending!	2
The size and print kf this towel is lovely however it is not very absorbent. Fails in that department.	1
This is a cute top! Fits a bit large but is very comfy! Love the navy blue!	2
a weak collar. Sorry	2
This width is not as wide as the pictures shows but still beautiful	2
was disappointed in the amount of toys this box holds	1
The first few times I used it the milk frothed but then the third or fourth time I used it, it didn't. Then I used it again for the fifth and it did froth, so I don't know what happened. Overall pretty good product.	2
I really liked the color and texture of these chair covers. Some of the covers came with rips/tears, and had to request replacement. Also, they all fit differently on my chairs, so Each chair has different coverage.	2
Not great quality. Super cute though.	2
The bath bomb didn’t fizzle and disintegrate like it’s supposed to. I had to break it for my kids to be able to get to the toy. It was disappointing overall. It also left a film on the tub.	1
I received a puppet, not the item described	1
Door had crack, return window up by the time I had installed	1
Poor instructions that came with the product. They had appeared to be copies of a copy. Some of the washers were not present. Thank goodness for YouTube. I am convinced these are a knock off of sorts. The hinge pin has started to vibrate loose. I will remove the lock and replace with the original latch. Great original design. Definitely not worth the price.	2
Very nice and comfortable	2
This is tiny. It' will fit in any corner but there isn't really much space to do anything.	2
Great game for kids and adults. We were playing this one night while some friends watched us and they said it seemed a little complicated. But everyone who has ever sat down to play with us has had no trouble at all understanding the rules very quickly. The "push your luck" mechanic in it is really fun. And there's a nice amount of strategy determining whether or not to hold on to a card for later play or to discard it for points. Great gift idea.	2
These are great. Great sound. Great fit. They are perfect for working out. My only reason for not giving straight 5 stars is that you have to adjust the volume on the phone. You can’t do it from the earpiece...at least I haven’t been able to figure out how. Other than that they sound great and are very affordable.	2
Pay attention to the size. They are small earrings but were purchased to replace studs that were damaged. These are tiny. I would not recommend for primary earrings but they work well for graduated studs in the lower lobe.	2
Felt more like kinetic sand and had a residue.	1
I'm waiting on refund	2
I ordered two of these. One came broken. It was packaged okay, so I believe it was broken due to the mail carrier tossing it onto my porch. The one that did not break, I love. It looks nice on my counter and serves its purpose. Updated review: Ok so the salt cellar that did not break during shipping pretty much shattered at the lightest touch after 3 weeks on my counter. I can no longer recommend this item, clearly they are not very durable at all.	1
Nice ruler & magnifier for small type.	2
Not silk, very fake looking	2
The fence has worked well for me, however there was some damage upon arrival. One of the gate sections was bent, with some rusted places on a few of the regular panels. I contacted customer service to request replacement panels. They got right back to me, but never replaced the damaged and rusted panels as promised. I bought this for rv camping with my schnoodle. The size is perfect for her.	2
Very nice finish. Was a little too big for the laptop. Didn't use it long enough to say on durability. Overall, great design. My second buy and not disappointed at all	2
doesn’t work and makes my skin burn	1
just terrible, dont buy	1
Worked great. Exactly what I was wanting out of it	2
This shirt is very cute and the biggest pro is the shoulders stay put without creeping up very much. The only con I can think of is that it is very sheer. Since it folds over the front that does help but still wish it was more opaque. I bought an XL and I'm 5'5 and 220lbs and it fit great!	2
This was a bummer, maybe it just didn’t fit properly. When we put it on my son’s arm, the air came out but as soon as he bent his elbow the air came back in so we didn’t chance it. I gave it 1 star bc it didn’t fit	1
Has a smell, which is a bit no-no. Also dusty.	1
Great dress! Great buy, the only reason I have four stars instead of 5 was because it was a little big on me and didn’t fit me like the other dresses that I bought from them, but I’m guessing because this one is long sleeve. Overall I love it!	2
There is not one recipe in this book that I can use for my family. Some of the ingredients are uncommon.	1
Adhesive balls up but it works	2
This shirt is great quality, I would wear it to work, or to a dinner or something like that… But I would never wear it playing golf. It’s just too hot, it didn’t feel breathable, and for warm summer golf that’s what I was looking for. Otherwise, it’s a perfectly good golf shirt.	2
Not as good as Defense Soap. I like the regular soap, but this is hot garbage.	1
huge disappointment, given the very misleading title ! Nothing on this sounds soft or like it came from another planet ! They should be made accountable for false advertising, or something, because I was expecting something of an ambient nature, and it's nowhere close. Kind of annoying actually. Sorry !	1
Gaia is one of the best sources for spiritual information. I highly recommend it.	2
It seems like it would work really well except for it doesn't fit either one of my vacuums.	1
Wasn’t a fan of these. They were somewhat hard and my dog didn’t seem overly into eating them.	1
It does remove color from brushes, however it does not clean them and is immediately dirty. It was a waste for me. I will go back to another cleaner or use soap and water.	1
These were the perfect size we needed. The price was great and arrived on time. I do wish the color was more like a brown paper bag. It is lighter with a yellow tone.	2
I just used this product for the first time so obviously I can't comment on how well it works. But this stuff is *WITHOUT A DOUBT* OILY. I'm hoping that maybe I just used a little too much and next time it won't be as greasy, but I will be happy to review again later and let you all know how it goes! I'm really hoping it works as well as the reviews say and that I can get over the greasiness. Update: I have been using this product for about 5 weeks now and I have not noticed any change in the appearance or texture of my skin. I have acne and hyperpigmentation/melasma. The product is oily and feels greasy, even after rubbing it in. I would not buy this again.	2
WOW!!! I was skeptical about buying this, but HOLY COW what a difference this has made in my life! This unit sits in my bedroom and runs at high speed (because I like the sound of a fan at night), and the first morning after this had been running all night I woke up with NO coughing, chest congestion or anything. Plus I have been feeling great every morning! SO glad I purchased this and I will definitely buy another one soon!!	2
Have to use a blow dryer and I don’t use one	2
I love Mud Pie products. I bought this bowl as a Xmas gift for my son and daughter in law. They just visited me this past weekend and opened their gifts. The bowl was cracked. I assumed too much time had gone by for me to contact the vendor. But it was so disappointing.	1
Why is this little silicone brush so nice? Dunno, but it feels so comforting, better than my fingers when scrubbing my hair. Even been caught brushing thru my dry hair for the massaging feeling. Very nice.	2
They are warm and comfortable but the weave isnt as tight as I would like. They arent great for heavy use, the weave tends to snag on everything. I still wear them, but they didnt work out for construction or hunting. Grab a pair of military surplus for that heavier use	2
The plastic that the towels go into is very hard and when you dont have a towel in them for a while it is extremely hard and hurts to push the towel in with your finger. They are cute and work nicely but giving it a 3 out of 5 because pushing the towel in is almost impossible without hurting your finger.	2
These are excellent for a trip to the water park! My kids love them! We really received lots of questions on where to buy!	2
Would have 5 stars but some of the print is light/faded so I wish the quality was a little better. That being said my kids actually think they are fun! Small chores that everyone can do! Like the blanks too so I can add specific things to our house.	2
Love the way the ring fits on fingers. Wish that the cardinal points were more visible...	2
They didn't fit so i had to send them back. Couldn't even get one leg in them	1
Cute. Not as bright as shown.	2
Came with a bad battery. Not covered under warranty as Apple said phone was purchased 5 years ago so its not new like they state. Had to pay to have the battery replaced.	1
This scoop with quick release works pretty well. The quick release is so loose that you really have to be intentional to hold it until you want to release the seed in the feeder. But for the price it gets the job done.	2
Very pretty headboard. Goes nicely in our guest room. Good price for the quality and very easy to assemble.	2
I have bought two of these staplers and they both have broke within the first month. It is extremely hard to open and the staples get stuck almost ever time i used it. I would not recommend purchasing this.	1
These tongs are great. Especially for the price. I've used them several times in the kitchen and around the grill. The quality is great and they seem durable. I'm very happy with these and would definitely recommend them.	2
I bought this medicine contains 600 wealth of pill and the expiration date is just a year. I don't think I will by from that seller again	1
Shipped wrong item the first time around. Little annoyed to have to reorder but Amazon made the next purchase a lot smoother. Just got the product and I'm pleased with the product based on the price.	2
Too small for larger cats... buy the large size dish if your cat is over 10lbs.	1
Product arrived with broken casing, and the ear buds did not work.	1
Item arrived dirty and missing the latch on the box. Am disappointed. Was supposed to be a gift for tomorrow. It came in an envelope bag with no packing at all. Now i have to return it	1
The watch was arrived broken and the backpack was teared up one side	1
I haven't opened the box because the outside packaging is so nicely done so it will be a surprise for me too on Christmas morning. I also like the game Ticket to ride and would love a set myself. Hate those little zip-lock plastic bags that are given with the game to store the trains...they just don't last.	2
These are a rip off. Literally.. I bought these to wear on vacation. The material ripped before I even got off the plane. When I landed, I ripped a hole in the pocket reaching in for my passport. Cheap quality.	1
This set did not match my other rugs!!	1
We like that we can watch some episodes however theres alot that is still locked but it's free so we cant complain	2
I bought this to charge my new DIY LiFePO4 battery in my camper. I set it up so that turning the truck driving lights on turns on the charger. The wire lugs are clumsy to work with but they seem to stay tight on the wire. The good news is it works and I've seen 20 amps of charge current through my Victron Battery Monitor. I took two stars off for the lack of support - a forum that Renogy doesn't respond to is supposed to supplement the badly translated written instruction. The dip switch configurations in the manual are incomprehensible and the forum posts states that the LiFePO4 settings in the manual are wrong anyways. Renogy said they would post the correct settings, which they never did. Luckily someone posted them here. Why am I so cranky about the dip switch settings? LiFePO4 batteries are expensive and I don't want to have to guess what the charger settings should be! Fix the instructions and they might have a hit. Victron just released a similar DC-DC charger, I wish I'd waited for theirs.	2
Bought this simple and cheap scanner in case I ever need it, even though is lightweight it seems to be well made, screen is bright and easily readable, scanning codes is a matter of seconds, you can even check live data, record it and save it for later analysis. If you are the average person who is going to use this scanner ocasionally on your own car and keep it stored on your toolbox, buy it! the price is sweet and you REALLY get more than you paid for. If you are a mechanic and you are going to be using this scanner a lot ... you should buy something more robust and sturdy. Tested and worked perfectly fine on a Hyundai, very satisfied overall.	2
Changing review rating. All of sudden just stopped working. Purchased in December 2017. It’s only April 5, 2018 now. For the price I paid, it should have lasted. I don’t even know how to contact seller. The window for return came and went.	1
I don’t think this does what it say . no improvement after my religious use. it’s nothing really something more than a moisturizer. And it’s way overpriced! Sorry	1
These are looking great and feel like a premium quality product. Only con is that clip is too tight and after wearing it for couple hours ears start to hurt. It doesn't look like big flaw at first but renders these earring almost useless as you can't wear them and have terrible ache after for few days	1
This thing is great! My wife and dogs hate it and my kids love it. We love playing jokes and having fun and our house and I’m glad to have this practical joke to play on friends and family.	2
Love the product I’ve been using it on my kids for years but I bought 2 of these in February to be prepared for the start of the summer and just pulled them out of the closet to see that they expired in April. And now it’s too late to return them. Why would you ship a sunscreen that expires in 2 months?	1
Sorry to have to bust your bubble on this one but compared to the other tactical belts I bought on Amazon this was a one day special. I thought I was making out price wise but you get what you pay for. The webbing in the picture isn't a fair representation of what you actually get. This belt was so thin compared to my others I had to sent it back. One of the purposes of a tactical belt is that it not only holds up your pants but it supports the gear you attach to it. Unfortunately, this didn't do what it's made for	1
I bought these for my sister and got x large they are a poor quality they do not fit they are made smaller. I have bought other brands of compression socks that fit fine I tried a pair of these on and they're so tight and small you can't even hardly pull them up over your calf . Made of a different cheaper material to I noticed . I want to send them back but haven't had time to do so. Not happy at all with this product. The only thing that is nice is the different designs on them.	1
This bag is bigger than I anticipated, which is good. The color is too pink, however. Even for rosegold. Oh well	2
Arrived with finish defects	1
DECENT. VERY COMFY BUT WONT LAST FOREVER. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR	2
the pillow covers are outstanding workmanship . I would recommend to my friends. The fabric is wonderful and i am sure will last a very long time. Thank you for prompt delivery!!!	2
My kids hated this toy. Its not entertaining and actually pretty annoying. regret this purchase very much.	1
didn't fit my car well. Gave them to a friend	2
Broke with minimal torque.	1
I ordered two only one has arrived so far	2
I love Gary Fong products for my Sony NEX 6, but this one was a little disappointing. I even tried it on my friend's Sony A6500 camera, and it does not give me the flashlight thing that I want. It always seemed a little dark, and if you use a larger lens there will be a shadow. Not worth it, sorry.	1
The head is absolutely too small and doesn’t fit correctly on neck line	2
Not wild about stronger and more bitter than what I am used to.	2
I've been using these sheets for a month. The sheets fill really nice. It came and had some kind of oil stains on it. I've washed it but it still there. The mattress sheet is too big. Every morning to have to pull and straighten it out. I was hoping they were more fitted. Material feels really nice though.	2
I'm taking at suggestion of more than one family member and based on Tumeric endorsements by others as well.	2
My family spends most of our summer either at a baseball field or at the beach. We have been using this Coppertone product for years and have been pleased with the results. That all ended with this purchase. When I saw it was cheaper on Amazon than the local store I ordered it. The spray is worthless. We've gotten sunburned both times we used the spray from this order. Threw what was left away and will no longer purchase this product from Amazon. If I could give it zero stars I would.	1
The part around the toe is too tight for my daughters foot. She complained immediately and ripped them off. There is not much give at all, which she isn't used to. Otherwise, it looked like a nice shoe and the size 9 length seemed to fit her size 8.5 foot.	1
Absorbs very fast. However, I wouldn’t recommend it for someone with very dry skin. I have dry skin in winter months and I need a night cream that moisturizes much more than this does. I actually use it as a daytime cream and it works great, but wouldn’t work for a nighttime cream for me or someone with really dry skin	2
Paid for next day and it never came I still dont have it I will never order from them again they also gave me a tracking number that didn't work	1
Came fast 2 days just got it 10mins ago and I just got done building it	2
Loud, heavy, clunky. I’ll be returning it. Very disappointed.	1
I like the length, style and density of this wig. It didn't have a weird smell out of the package. However, it gets tangled very easily. Just running your hands through it will get tangles. I didn't like the baby hairs on it but I could always cut more baby hair to my liking.	2
It's a little bit too greasy in my opinion. Doesn't really seem to soak into the hair very well.	2
This does not stay charge These are the worst ones I ever bought will do not buy from you again and will tell others not to	1
I love John Cusack but this movie should be removed from his credits. What a snooze.	1
Smell is very strong	2
The spine was broken on this book.	1
Very loud. Don't have to worry about sleeping through an intruder!	2
Too easy to get into stuff on youtube	1
The straps with this product fell apart in just two months. We purchased it in June, Installed at the end of June. Now, August 12, they are falling apart. We only unrolled the cover two or three times during the season.	1
I’m not entirely sure if this is an authentic MK. It doesn’t have any kind of MK packaging. It came in a transparent plastic cover which was looked cheap. The bag itself was in good condition.	1
very cute, little hard to get the door handles assembled but overall great for the price and fits Barbies perfectly. LOVE that it is not pink!!	2
Think you for that 😍	2
The air pump works well enough, but the connector for the hose broke during the first use. Update: after my above review, the company reached out to me to improve my experience. The company replaced my broken hose quickly. I have not had a chance to try it, but the customer service was excellent for this product.	2
the sound was crispy. but the foot of stander keeps falls off. I was frustrated after few uses and returned.	2
Love these, wanted to get away from plastic straws and found these on Amazon. Great assortment (short, tall, bent, straight), silicone tips are a nice bonus, cleaning wands work great. I put the angled ones in the dishwasher and they don't fall through the silverware holder. I've not had any issues with metal taste, these are working out great.	2
Will look amazing in my Fairy garden, thank you	2
Great quality. But size smaller than what ordered	2
Squishies were ripped right out of the package and the eyes were pealing.	1
I use the fan to start my charcoal grill and it works great. It push a lot of air and last pretty long..	2
Difficult to "install" properly, hubby screwed the first one up due to a mishap. The curvature of the screen doesn't help, and combine that with the way my phone case wraps around......in the end, this product is a fail for my phone. The coners kept peeling back, so we had to trim the top half inch or so from the screen protector to stave that off. Still was only moderately successful.	2
I was looking for some nice fairy lights for my dorm room and I’m glad I found these. Although the buttons can hard to press, I like that I can adjust the brightness and use a strobe setting. Good purchase.	2
Would work great for larger dogs. Too strong elastic for smaller dogs.	2
The only thing I didnt like was that the pointy part of the velcro is too thick and I'm constantly afraid it might poke my baby. I just make sure to bring it down on her and don't leave it on her unattended. Other than that it's good. I use it to clean her up all the time. They're like little towels.	2
The leggings fit really well but I got the white and it arrived with a brown smudge on the waist band and a red spot on the leg. The brown smudge I can easily cover or it may even wash out, but the red mark I don't think will wash out. I would consider trying to return and get another pair....but I need them for today. Otherwise, I liked them.	2
do not buy , too small, mine fell apart way too soon , cracked and split , be careful	1
It fits small and feels cheap. Also much more see through than the pictures.	1
Didn't fit well. But cute. Had to send back.	2
I loved them while they lasted. The first 2 broke within a couple weeks by the tip falling off (the piece you plug in the phone). The 3rd lasted a bit longer, maybe a month, almost 2. The wiring died on the 3rd. They were good while they lasted.	1
Unable to adjust fit from home	1
Phone does not work when plugged in to an active land line - no dial tone. Seller asked for pictures.	1
Decent quality for low price. Good for couch throws.	2
I love wubbanubs but was disappointed in the color I was expecting more of a deep cranberry and it came bright pink.	2
Still sounds like creed. Very good.	2
Crock pot is good but the package was damaged and a dent was in the side when it arrived	2
This was as pictured and I needed something larger than a lot of these totes you can find in stores.	2
Had it for a couple weeks and it doesn’t even hold the money anymore. It stretched out so much. Save your money and get a better one.	1
Please do not buy this product! If 0 stars was an option that's what I would have given. I gave this to my 12yr old cat who has small tumors. After a few days I noticed her becoming very irritable and loosing clumps of hair. I put 2 and 2 together and stopped giving her this product. It's been a few days now and she seems to be getting better. I was hoping for this "miracle" product to help my poor kitty not make her worse.	1
This frame is just kinda chintzy. I’m bummed there's no glass. The plexiglass is very reflective and shows every scratch (it came with scratches). It’s lightweight so it doesn’t hang straight on the wall. I had a hard time finding this size on a budget but if you have more money definitely get something else.	1
A bit too voluminous and overwhelming for me - I'm 5'3 and the skirt ended up feeling like a big bag. Returned.	1
Cool pen. Looks nice. Don't really like locking button. It does write at any angle like other space pens. This feature comes in very handy.	2
Not to bad! it’s very spacious and has a lot of pocket. However I don’t like how it opens all the way around and I wouldn’t over pack it to much because it’s not so durable. The price is right though lol	2
I like the print and design but the clothe is not so great for me.	2
This is a perfect solution for someone such as my self that is particular on which direction the cable needs to be directed.	2
bat is good. Its price should be reduced or they should start selling individual bats.	2
Paper is super thin and the pattern on the front is super grainy. Not great quality, but serves its purpose.	2
I agree with what another reviewer stated. The food I ordered seemed much different than the one I get from the pet store. It is much softer, which is not really an issue, but my cat doesn't like it. If I buy from the store the pate is much firmer and she loves it. So I won't be buying from amazon again.	1
My 3 year old daughter loves this kit. Several pieces to keep her busy. Only downside is, I have become a full time patient to my 3 year old.	2
ordered 3 bundles. they arrived wet and NOT in any external packaging. tried to assemble one box, it failed. applied for a return refund. They credited for only partial return and there is no way to inquire why they back charged. The ticket says we didnt return 3 bundles. clearly someone is not following through on quality control.	1
The tutu part is super scratchy but it is lined inside. The way it fits is kind of complicated where you have to tie and cinch it as the waist. It seems to have quite a bit of tulle so if you want a very poofy type tutu to put underneath something then this is for you!	1
I get a lot of compliments when i wear these.	1
it was good. my fave movie and book of all time.	2
A bit more see-through but love the color and fit	2
It doesn't fit completely over the screen. It will serve the purpose of keeping the screen clean. Easy wipe off.	2
I believe these bags would be a good idea if it were not for the fact that the very first one I tried to use was TORN. See pictures. Returning this product. Thanks.	1
This is tiny. Barely covers a small basket. It certainly didn’t look that way in the pictures. Also, very see through. You can almost see where the fur was glued to the sheet holding it together. Pretty color though, I will give it that. I can’t afford much as I have just stated photography so I will Have to make it work. I just Stuffed a bunch of blankets in the basket and layed this on top so you can’t see how small it is.	1
It's pretty and comfortable. Unfortunately, my dog can back out of the harness and escape. Ordered this harness so she couldn't back out of her collar any more. Too bad. Ended up having to use a prong collar - works great and it doesn't hurt her.	2
Doesn’t seem to keep things very hot but haven’t tried to keep my thing cool yet.	2
Great product. Shipped fast. I use this for my 7 & 8 year old boys. They love it.	2
Wonderful product it’s very durable and accurate. I’ve change over to these from using rage for the last 4 years. But now I am going back to rage. The ocd broad heads just don’t leave a decent blood trail even with a complete pass through on a double lung shot	2
Have not received although it said it would ship earlier.	2
I purchased specifically for my cat because they had more hair-grabbing nubs than other gloves and the fingers were flexible. They work well! The furminator brush still works the best at grabbing a lot of fur, but the cat enjoys the gloves MUCH more, and the brushing sessions last longer so I get more fur off of her. She is a very soft, american shorthair cat if that helps anyone compare. I gave 4 stars because I am comparing the gloves to the furminator brush that just seems to get so much more hair, but it's kind of an unfair comparison since they are two different modes of hair removal. In any regard, I would definitely purchase the gloves again.	2
I’ve had this case for a month and durability is a concern. I paid $25, for the case and feel I was robbed. The case is a nice case but the red color has changed colors attracting dye from jeans and looks dirty. I would not recommend this red color. At this point am considering another case. I previously had a otter box symmetry case and had that case for almost two years and the case held up. Hope this helps potential future consumers.	1
It fell apart in less than a week.	1
I replaced the batteries 3 times in 2 weeks until it finally just stopped working. Feels cheap because it is cheap. don't waste your money.	1
very thin, not bad for cat poop	2
I never recieved it. Ill change review once i receive what i purchased.	1
The reason I purchased this cube is because I thought that it would be easy to collapse when not in use. I followed the instructions to collapse the toy, but the wires ended up bending and poking through their casing, which makes it impossible to collapse and now there are very sharp wires pointing out. I put some tape over the frame so the wires won't scratch you, but because the frame shifted, it doesn't stand up properly anymore. I will probably end up throwing it away. It was a fun toy for my cat before it broke - just don't try to collapse it.	1
I bought these for my mother who is a nail technician. She said these melted and ripped easily when it touched the nail polish remover the salon uses. Granted the salon does use some strong acetone, but I've found other products that can withstand same acetone better.	1
The buzzer/alarm is not very loud, preheat takes a long time, the heating element is really under powered. Works fine just don't try to cook anything to large. Pork tenderloin, meat loaf, whole chicken or frozen lasagna.	2
I normally wear a med/leg, I bought a 3xl, still couldn't button it. I gave it 2 stars only because the quality of the shirt itself was great. I used it for a pin up photo shoot. I wore a t shirt under it and left it open. Worked great, but can never actually wear it.	1
Customer service and communication is terrible.. Wouldn't do what was right... Won't be buying from them again.	1
I didn't like the way it works, feels just stiff, not technologically thought through.	1
Very cheap material and poor design.	2
Worked great when it was working, then just stopped working after about 10 uses. Now it’s not reading anything.... Tried to get in touch with seller but emails about exchanging product were unanswered	1
Disintegrated in washing machine. No one piece of what was left was too big to fit into a thimble. POS!	1
The comforter has a huge run in the fabric :( it arrived that way. It was too much of a hassle to return, so I just try to cover it with a throw blanket. Otherwise, I would have loved it	1
Nothing of detail to report on this item.	2
good price. don't know about durability yet	2
Very cute outfit but too short!	2
I had initially thought there would be quality issues given the price. But after I started using it, the case seems great. The case gives everything as it is promised in the product description. *I like that*	2
Part 1 of the report presented a great deal of information about Russian interference in US elections. It outlined specific receptivity of this interference by Trump campaign but failed to make clearly understood conclusions. Part 2 was more clearly presented and made a strong case(s) of obstruction. However, the report did not succinctly tie the two parts together to explain the relationship between Russia and Trump. It was difficult to read because of significant levels of redacted information and appeared to end before the investigation finished.	2
works as described. only thing I didn't like was after tapping for the second gas block dimple the point got flat. I didn't hit hard so maybe I got a soft point one. over all good product. nice and easy to use. the little point could be a little longer so it would be easy to pull out.	2
It relates ou eves my arthritis pain in my hands and neck and shoulders, actually about anywhere I use it. I use the ginger and clay ,it works the best for me.	2
The stitching is coming out. It didn’t survive but 1 wash before it began unraveling. Each wash it gets worse.	1
never received the product	1
Only 3 work, they jam and won't shoot. Cheap product. I wouldn't recommend 👎	1
Digital copy is for iTunes only, just a heads up for those that don't have iTunes so it was a waste for us to purchase a copy with the digital code (I didn't see anywhere in the product description where this was disclosed). As far as the movie itself goes, it was good with a lot of action.	2
For me, the color is not good with my complexion. To much violet/ purple. I found that all of the Lipsense colors that have a shimmer, tends to ware off faster. I personally, can feel the small shimmer particals, and it causes me to rub my lips together a lot, then I start scraping my lips with my teeth to get it off. I do not have that problem with the Matte colors I have bought.	2
My daughter loves it.	2
Bought the bench over Black Friday 2018 weekend.. so far i have worked out three times on it and it does the job. If you do not have time to wait at the gym and need a bench that is compact for home use, i recommend this product... thanks.	2
its okay,works well with markers.	2
The actual product is great. The biggest issue is with my hands free magnet. I have 2 metal plates on my phone under this case and the magnet is still having issues keeping the phone in place with the case. The case is thicker and heavier than most basic cases so it causes issues with the phone sliding down the magnet and falling off. If you live in a state where you can hold your phone while driving this isn't an issue. But if you are from a state where holding touching your phone while in your car, even stopped at a red light, will land you a fatty ticket, I would go a different route that this case.	2
This product is better than several AA to D size adapters that I have used in the past. I stock up on AA single-use and rechargeable batteries to prepare for long term disasters. I have several D size flashlights and a number of devices that use AA's. Now I can maintain quantities of AA batteries and use in disasters as well as everyday battery operated devices.	2
I absolutely fell on love with the characters and how Rachel wove the storyline together. So many life lessons in this book!	2
Please post a video or how to. I have the 80gb Ipod classic video and the tools don't do a thing. I'll update my review if I can open my ipod and install the battery. Usable instruction and/or videos would be greatly appreciated. Reading further they say go to a professional for installation. Update: I went to a professional they took over an hour to install. It seems to be working well. Paid $25 which was a great deal. Others quoted $75 or more. Update 2: It kinda works but Itunes gives me an error message I need set up as a new ipod (happens every time I connect to iTunes to add music).	1
Hair lasted one event before it was tangled and matted waste of money for a overpriced synthetic wig that you can only use once	1
With all the great reviews I thought this would be a great bath bomb. Instead I found these had little to no scent to them at all. They don't fizz very well either. They do have some moisturizing ability and some do change the water colors but it can't make up for the lack of scent in these things.	1
DO NOT PURCHASE PRODUCTS FROM NUTRACHAMPS. They solicited my private e-mail account offering me 2 free products from their storefront if I ordered one of their products at 20% off. Now they WILL NOT respond to my e-mails requesting they honor their offer. I have had similar problems with NUTRACHAMPS in the past. They do not honor the buy one and get one free offer that comes on their product. NUTRACHAMPS is unethical which unavoidably calls into question the validity and safety of their product. BUYER BEWARE!!	1
Would not hold a charge	1
Heavy duty sockets. These will probably last a lifetime. I use it with an air gun so it stands up to a lot of pressure. Plenty of sizes. Very happy with my purchase	2
I bought it for my large dog because I thought if I put peanut butter in it he would go for it. He took it out once and that was it. It should be advertised that the product is useful for puppies and not older dogs	2
I loved these shoes. They just a little tight around my ankles and they rub the side of my big toes .. I wore them around my house to break them in some, but others than that they are very pretty and the heel is comfortable to walk in. I don’t wear heels to often but these are comfortable.. I will order more in different colors	2
Make sure you read and find out the size of the mount- these looked bigger than they were, Too small for mounting on my rifle-	2
Honesty have not used it. Sent my folks one and didn't ask what they thought. I am a small business owner and your follow up email with dog was a great lesson. Thank You.	2
Just received the stainless steel spatula set I ordered. Seems to be very good quality, delivered promptly. Time will tell if they hold up to regular use	2
This is the most oily make up remover that I have ever had. It is so oily that my face feels heavy when I use it. I do not recommend it if you have an oily face.	2
I love the scent of this cream and it feels very nice on the skin. The massager is not too rough and works great to soak the cream in. I noticed a difference when I was consistently using th cream, however when I stopped using it everyday, it didn’t work nearly as well.	2
Other than I’d like the popsocket to be more in the middle it’s blingy and I love it! And I received it on time.	2
Returned poor quality	1
Golf. Have other brands that are more comfortable.	2
Purchase as a Christmas gift. I assume it’ll work as described	2
Has some neat qualities and the games when accessible are good for my toddler. Does not work well for the under 5 age, there are many challenges that create an unusable environment. I have had 2 glitches so far that ended with total reboots. As of now, it is nonfunctional for the kids side. Very unfortunate as we were excite to use this product.	1
As advertised, this product does carry through on its magnifying feature, and definitely could enhance the viewing experience for some. I, however, did not find it quite as useful and will probably not use this product. First, the instructions are very convoluted, and also written in very poor English with two completely different sets of setup instructions and had to figure out how to use it by myself. Even when set up, there was no mechanism to hold my phone in place and would occasionally slide off, which was very annoying. Also, the angle that the magnification screen is set up only allows you to view your phone at a certain angle in order to get full screen coverage. As I've said, this product could potentially be the perfect contraption some people look for (ex: when watching long movies) but for someone who likes to watch shorter videos and is not in my seat all the time, I can not get used to this product.	2
When you receive it it shows nothing about being a dog frisbee on the package, more like a kids frisbee. The dog loves her silicone frisbee I had laying around so I decided to buy this pack. She refuses to touch any of these, waste of money. I’m only giving it two stars because yes it’s a frisbee but not a dog frisbee, one that the dog doesn’t even like.	1
Love this overall, looks great, easy to install, and great value. Only thing I wish I could tweak a hair is to make the neck just a bit longer so that the shower head could position more like a rain head.	2
inexpensive. still holding up.	2
These are beautiful scissors but very small.	2
Spent hours to put them on the wall, and they peeled off the next morning. Would not recommend this product!	1
I bought these as a replacement for the OEM blades. That was a mistake. I have now had them on for half the summer. Not only do they not mulch they leaves clumps of grass in my yard. I do not normally leave reviews but I wanted to warn other customers. They installed easily and were delivered on time. DO NOT BUY IF YOU WANT MULCHING BLADES.	1
Big hit at my daughter’s first birthday party! I received a lot of compliments and the guests loved seeing the progression of pictures throughout the first year. Definitely recommend.	2
Other product I use is far more effective for the use!	2
Great Picture, Great Price, Great Tech support, Poor Reliability and its only that last one that got it down to 4 stars. I am on my 3rd monitor in 6th months, BUY! the extended warranty. Anyway, if you can deal with the hassle of mailing it in and waiting and all of that then its the best monitor out there. I am very sensitive to color quality and these monitors have been as good as 1000 dollar professional monitors. Its got handy features and everything else. I just hope I dont have to buy a extra one to keep a working one around.	2
Very little info on setpoint how to explanation. Recipes were family size, not for an individual. I am not eating 4 eggs at a time! A total waste of time and money. A huge disappointment.	1
My fiance loved his Christmas gift.	2
Shipped fast and looks like it will be the perfect replacement part and we will have plenty of spares should we need them, lol.	2
Great product. Liked that it was a multi pack. And heavy duty cords	2
It leaked from the bottom when I filled it with water,just the usb cord no wall adapter was in Box worked 100 for about an hour then just went down hill from there.may have been messed with while shipping who knows cause box was open when received .when on high mode it loses power.	1
I ordered a cute yellow and blue pool. I recieved an ugly blue and white pool. Nowhere on the page does it show this pool in the ugly blue and white so I had no idea that is what I would be receiving or I would not have ordered it.	1
This does NOT mix near as well as other brands. As soon as I received it and tried it I saw immediately why the price was so much lower than others...it's clumpy and sticky. Not worth the few dollars in savings.	1
These are great party hats for cats or really small people. The paper does tear easily, but you can tape the hats up. Don't miss the little adhesives for the pompoms- they are easily lost.	2
Fit smaller than expected. Returned and ordered a size up from my usual and it fits great. Very flattering. Great coverage. Comfortable but sexy.	2
the very first time i used it the entire bottom of the blue part turned brown.	1
only issue I have with this product is that it catches on my clothes especially long sleeve shits and jackets. I have many shirts that now have one cuff that is frayed. Otherwise this is a very stylish band and works great	2
Amazing that all he old school games are available however they were listed randomly and not alphabetical, therefor has been hard to sort and navigate to the one wanted to play	2
These two kitchen rugs are pretty good. Good quality. The size fits my kitchen.	2
This almost started a fire in our house. Thank god i checked on it after being plugged in for a few hours it was so hot you couldn’t even touch it!	1
This was one of the worst movies we have watched this year. OMG. It was rife with OVER acting, the dialogue was stilted and it gave me the impression this was poorly adapted from an off Broadway play. I wouldnt waste money on renting this.	1
Love the face scrubber, the cups don't suction well, too stiff	1
I didnt get the U frame that holds the Shade. And I can not find how to get one	2
The shorts are a good thick material and the tie is a cord so no worry of it falling apart. I'm having a little trouble keeping the top and bottom the same distance apart but I think my might be my doing rather than the make. I wish the inseam was a tad bit longer as well. Would recommend product.	2
Do not purchase from this company	1
Softest and warmest socks ever!!! Not to thick so that they feel heavy!! Will definitely be buying more of these, for I don’t even know I have socks on because they are so soft!!	2
I tried this for a month and didn’t notice any difference in my body or how I felt except for how awful this tastes no matter what I tried to mix it in.	1
I bought two and one was chipped. Got a replacement and that one was also chipped. Now i have to return two!	1
Broke easily. Fun while they last though!	2
Fits great and arrived fast. I should have ordered a few more actually! Mater is soft!	2
Extremely portable and easy to use. My only complaint is that the touch screen makes it a little difficult to adjust where the camera is pointing at times. This camera is great for people who are on the move a lot but not necessarily for sports or climbing.	2
The bottle was 1/4 way gone. It did not appear to be a new bottle.	2
I did not receive what I ordered.	1
returned this as I returned the machine	1
This was ABSOLUTE crap. Honestly, a complete waste of money. Worked maybe 20% of the time we've had it since we've bought it, and then finally failed completely. My physical health has been pretty poor lately and I just haven't the energy to figure out if there's a way to get money back or see if there's a warranty of sorts.	1
I liked that it kept my thoughts from swirling, but it didn't make me feel very sleepy. After I got to sleep, I liked that I woke up without a hangover.	2
Shorts much smaller than top as if sizes were mismatched. Quality good.	1
This is the second set of tiles (100) that I have purchased for my grandson (age 4) and granddaughter (age 3). Both children get hours and hours of creative play from these amazing, magnetic tiles. He builds garages and race tracks for all his cards and trucks,, she builds castles and buildings for all hr Peppa Pig figurines! It amazes me to see what they create with these tiles giving them hours and hours of playtime! They NEVER get tire of these magnetic tiles. Even more older grandchildren, ages 8, 10 and 12, enjoy creative play with their cousins! High recommend for all boys and girls, and all age groups.	2
Yes, it is light weight. In fact, too light weight for the motor/blower. The power of the motor rattles the unit so much it continues to rattle right off the counter, falling to the floor. I wouldnt consider this very safe for baby.	1
I like the grip and the pressure. It's a very simple device with not a lot of buttons which is just perfect. Simple and effective.	2
This is a beautiful tile design. As other reviewers noted, the graphics line up pretty well ONLY when you pay attention and lay them out first before sticking them down. I've noticed that the glue-stick is not that strong, and the corners started poking up and catching on our socks as we walked across the floor. Also, the floor is pretty slick - we are having to look into some kind of floor grip to spray on it.	2
Even double bagged these spring leaks after a week of coffee grounds, produce scraps, etc. I wanted to avoid washing the compost bucket but these aren't the solution.	1
Excellent quality sponges and fast shipping. I use them with acrylic paints to create texture.	2
I was so excited about this shoe. It is exactly what I was looking for. They are so narrow! There is no way that I could comfortably wear this shoe. So bummed as I couldn't find anything else like this on the market.	1
Nice bag but way smaller than I expected	2
They're warm and cute. But it's hard to keep them in place and they tend to slip down. If I've got a high collar coat on, it kind of helps prop them up. Could just be the shape of my head/face, which is small...	2
I would never buy a kit that doesn't include replacement bolts, washers, and gaskets. many better options out there than this.	2
Got a hole pretty quick. :-/	1
My golden retriever chewed up a lot of the plastic. Now it’s hard to screw the ends on when the rawhide rings need replaced. It is hard plastic, but .... for the price, I was disappointed.	2
Received these filters yesterday. While they look the same size and shape as my original Kenmore Elite 960 filter, I'm a bit concerned whether one of these filters will last as long. That's because when I compared its weight to a Kenmore filter which I haven't used yet, it is much, much more lightweight. So that may mean that it doesn't contain enough filtering ingredients to do the job for as long a period of time (usually my Kenmore Elite filter lasts 6 months). If the Aquacrest manufacturer sees this review, I hope that they will respond and provide an explanation for the weight differentiation because I do wonder if I've wasted my money on an inferior product.	1
Typical casino cheaters	2
I was most disappointed with this urn. While it is beautiful, the color in the given images does not match what was received. The colors red and gold were of significant meaning and, rather, what arrived was red and silver.	1
The color is really off! I ordered navy blue but what arrived was more of a royal blue	1
It's so cute! Definitely worth the price, it's made out of sturdy rubber! So it definitely won't break off or tear (at least for a very long time). Would buy again.	2
This seems like a great bag! I haven’t given it too much mileage yet, but I love how it is payed out and organized. The pockets are large but stay slim. You can tel the material is a little on the cheaper side, but it looks really nice.	2
Wow!! I got this book to read before I went on my pilgrimage to Spain to walk the Camino. It was like a diary, and it was such an incite before the trip. I almost felt like I was hiking with her. She felt like a friend. I could relate. I met 3 women while I was hiking. There were many women who were travelling alone (either married or not), and we hit it off. I kept telling them stories from the book as we were hiking. I think that by the end of the trip, they all wanted to read the book. It's an excellent read. I wished the author would travel to other places and write about them. The Camino is a very personal and thought provoking trip. You can't feel it until you go. I recommend it to everyone...the book and the trip.	2
Its an okay read, not great but okay/	2
Each time I wash my hands water gets between the cover and the face of the watch. Will have to buy a better product	1
So I had bought this projector for my girlfriend and her cookies. It worked great the first time we used it. Yet within one week the bulb started flickering whenever we used the input from her phone. How sad. I will be asking for a return soon.	1
These are larger than they appear in the photo and very nice quality. I purchased them for my book club meeting, and will use them often.	2
Does not read accurately	1
VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED ! Broken part and I don't want to waste my time on returning the products.	1
I bought this for my son for his birthday and he was so excited when he opened it, he absolutely loves it - and so do his two brothers. Really good price with Amazon compared to other retailers.	2
I’ve been needing a bra to wear with my backless Maxi dress. I’ve tried countless brands and they’ve never lived up to the type . This Bra is a bit tricky but with some trial and error I was able to get this to stay on! Make sure you wash and dry your body before use. Please note that it is not seamless ! You can gently wash it with soap and water to reuse it.	2
I enjoyed reading this book from beginning to end. It will keep you on your toes trying to figure out who was the killer.	2
seemed nice but a gift and not sure how they held up.	2
Works fine customer satisfied.	2
We got 2 of this filter.Water taste fine and it last a good time but the water dispenser water flow is awful. It is too much force in the water. You cant fill up a glass without splashing everywhere. That would be the only reason i will not buy it again.	1
Broke after one hour of wearing it	1
The straps broke within the first hour of wearing them to work. Very disappointed.	1
still using them after 6 months!	2
It cracked fairly easily in my opinion..	1
The travel wallet easily carried my passport, as well as, credit card and cash. Access to each item was easy. although it is lightweight, I personally have a hard time with weight around my neck and so I always wore a blouse/top with a collar to ease the pressure. So far it is traveling well and no show of wearing out.	2
What I received were not the width nor the length of what I ordered to fit my boots. Very disappointed.	1
I liked how the rod looked, simple design and it felt sturdy. I didn't like the directions for installing it or the results I had with the rod falling down the next day.	1
Definitely cheap quality. I’ve used it once.	1
this is my forth set. i thought maybe i just had faulty ones at first. NOPE! 4th set also works like crap. some colors suddenly dont wanna function anymore. as you can see in the photo my projector set is blue and the signal set is green. i have it set to rgb white. when i do the rainbow transition it only flashes certain color. i was giving them a chance to prove themselves. but they proved me wrong instead. i guess you get what you paid for right? dont buy these people. go to Diode Dynamics instead	1
I don't care for the way the eyeholes are cut. I needed them to be close to my lid and undereye areas and they are not. So I have to move them up and down. The seams are sharp. I don't wrap it around my head because they don't cover the area I needed covered. I keep the mask in the fridge. I cant keep it against my eyes for very long as my eyes start to dry/hurt, I am thinking because of the coldness? All in all, I wont buy again. But that doesn't mean you wont like it, just me.	2
Too long and much of the same, Just give me a fast paced story and move on.	2
I'm not sure how long these are supposed to last, but I'd think longer than one season. That's my only gripe. Have to get a new pair. Will try another brand.	1
Great for keeping my autistic son contained. Unfortunately one of the buttons doesn’t function properly. I needed up having one odd door combo. Annoying but works with the other numbers. After contacting the seller they suggested contacting the manufacturer. The seller did respond promptly though	2
Lasted 3 rides, and then it ripped from the back.	1
Works wonderful! Saved me SO much time and money. I bought the nest E and could not get it to run the air consistently , finally looked for a solution and found this gem! Hooked one wire into C wire spot other into R wire spot (along with my Original R wire together) plugged in and have not had a issue since and it’s been 2 months now.	2
I purchased two packs (total of 10) to give my coworkers. The price was exceptional, but the quality... not so much. Most of the handles were scratched and some of the point covers to actually massage the scalp had come off (which is weird because I'm pretty sure they're just paint). Moral of the story: if you're not giving them as gifts, go for it. If you are... maybe you should look a bit longer.	2
I bought this as a Father’s Day gift and my dad loved it! It was small, but that was expected. Great for a small gathering.	2
Excellent for respiratory problems. Water is expensive and it tends to leak. You cannot use respiratory oils, only those expensive cartridges from the company.	2
Every garden nozzle we have ever purchased has leaked at the connection from the hose to the nozzle and this one does NOT leak! I love the options the multi function feature offers whether I'm washing the sidewalk off or misting my hanging baskets. We will definitely be ordering another one for our backyard hose.	2
It's really loud. The compressor hums way more than a small machine like this should.	1
The expiration date is only 6 months away. Wish the expiration date was longer, especially considering the quantity that I ordered.	2
this is pressed way to hard.. I literally had to push in with the end of my make brush to break up the compressed pigments.	1
It's a great fit, but after a few wears the tutu started separating from the leotard. Easy enough to sew back on but still very disappointing.	2
Is flimsy and not stable	1
I heard an author interview and immediately bought on kindle. Now I will have to purchase again as I like to have hard copies of the best reads available to pick up and enjoy the old fashioned way. The only disappointment was that I covered 440 pages too quickly.	2
Got the product in the time frame as expected	2
Well it works so thats a plus, but the main reason I bought the fan hub was to make my fans run slower, even put a fan in red header like some people said to do but it only adjusted the speed of that one fan.	2
I bought this for my nephew’s birthday , he loves it. He’s a five year old boy and he has no problem to set up the train track, put the batteries on and make the train run. My little girl saw it and wants one also. I m thinking to get one more for my daughter for her Christmas gift.	2
Seatbelt works fine but I had a continuing service flight on SW and I left it on the seat while using the restroom. The flight attendant confiscated it saying it was not compliant with the airline. I was only able to use it for one flight.	1
This case is too bulky. With the protective screen cover it’s next to impossible to operate your phone by touching the screen.	1
I like the chess set, dislike the size and would like a larger set.	2
If you like a fast coffee filter (I, like most, prefer a slow one) then this might be for you. Faster = a weaker cup of coffee, obviously. So you either use more coffee (expensive) or settle for less than what you want (disappointing). Either way, you lose.	1
Never received my order.	1
Did not like the flavors at all. Ended up giving it away.	1
It's the perfect size for what I needed it for.	2
Very disappointed in this purchase. For the price of the product, insoles should not warp after one wear. Not the quality I would expect from Cole Haan. Do not recommend...	1
This works well for me. It is easy to put on and actually helps my back feel better. It’s incredible the difference i feel while using this and I cannot wait to see long term results.	2
Way too small based on size chart	1
Not what I expected. The openings are to small for flies. It only traps tiny bugs. I ordered two in July, and the light in one already burned out. The flimsy plastic covers are extremely difficult to put together, after cleaning. Unfortunately, I just discovered there was a 30 day return policy. So I guess I’m stuck with both .	1
So far it holds both my phone and iPad well. However the way it holds itself I. The CD player by acting as a wedge. My main problem is that the product is hard to use. I have you use both hands and struggle a bit to get my phone or iPad in it every time I get in the car. I wish it was a bit simpler to put the device in. I’m not sure if I’ll keep it.	2
They are so lovely, love them! Good quality. They look like pictures. They look very strong and like they're going to stay in my hair. The price is good. It's absolutely necessary.	2
They keep sending the wrong size... even on the replacement!!!!!!	1
It's A Very Good Case The Only Thing Wrong With It Is The Ring in The Back.. I Barely Used It And It's Loose I Feel Like It's Coming Out Any Day Now..	2
Many critics say that this software is terrible beyond you think. I totally agree! Terrible item. Not recommend. Would give it no stars if I could !!! These are not functional. I don't like the quality of this software.	1
Disappointing. Basically, it casts a yellow hue on what was previously white or clear lights.	1
I didn't order this.	1
it was a little small but hey for that price im not mad	2
Too sharp which can cur your fingers too	1
Works like it should, takes a bit longer than it does in the salon, but I can’t complain!	2
It was a little small but really like it	2
I got the blue one.Very cool in the dark. Lights go fast when its charging and then slows down when its charged. Wish it was longer tho- would buy more if it was.	2
Works well, great quality, have been using for six weeks.	2
It's a great app but the buttons don't always fit in amazon/Kindle fire tablets and I hope for an update where we can control the boob size instead of having costumes control the boob size	2
A short read. Good start for a beginner prepper, but if you're not a newbie to prepping this may leave you looking elsewhere for more involved info.	2
Very effective cream love it I will order more	2
The package is really nice for the case. The quality of the case seems very good and fit very well.	2
I like the earbuds they were comfortable in the sound in the best worker however after using them for one day the left earbud stopped charging and it stopped working.	2
Aqua one is good, the rest are crap. Won't hold hair, will barely stay on to wash your face.	1
The item arrived in great conditions and it was a little complicated to arrange the buttons to make it work but once you set it up done deal. I use it to play PUBG and it works good. Quality looks and feels good. Bottom line it is a good product if you’re in to mobile gaming.	2
Quality is great but package is bad, no any wrap when I open the box. Bought same item from other suppliers, all I got with sealed plastic package inside.	2
The whiteboard worked great, but I’ve never seen a clip as cheap as this one.	2
This is the second one I have purchase. My backyard lights up like daylight. Both plugged into a remote control extension which is plugged into an outdoor outlet. Much better than any solar light.	2
Way bigger than expected and not portable in my opinion. Destroyed the box just trying to get it out so can’t return it. Will have to find a friend who wants to take it.	2
They have loose threading and ball up a bit. Wash prior to wear. They did keep my daughter's feet warm and dry.	2
Extremely easy to use, good visibility. I like the extra battery supply.	2
didn't fit the model & year that it was advertised to fit	1
Make sure you will be in very little light and no one will be up close. Very thick and fake looking. Wanted something to cover but look somewhat natural.	1
These are very cute and sit nicely on my mantle without tipping back at all. I would have given 5 stars but unfortunately one of the little pine cones fell off as soon as it came out of the package. I still think it was worth the purchase though.	2
Refurbished iPhone 6S, an original iPhone, but used and an older model thus the reduced price. Was unaware of the issue with battery problems with the original iPhone 6 and 6S. Battery life is bad it needs to be replaced. Adds an extra $50 to one's overall price. Still a good value at that price.	2
I got this for my son. He loves it!	2
At first reading the reviews, I was thinking there was no way she did that. After reading, I still felt a little skip every time Tris came up. It makes sense. Obviously, I'm not happy about Four and Christina being together, but I'd rather it be her than someone who doesn't understand him or Tris. I kinda wish there was more about Caleb though. I'll take what I can get when it comes to the divergent series.	2
So far it's great for the family to pass around as an extra tablet. Everyone has their own profile and I can restrict the younger one's use and access.	2
Make sure you read the details on this product. It is ONLY a charger. DOES NOT WORK for Syncing.	1
I steamed the hat after it arrived per the included directions, and it got the creases out easily, and it seems pretty crease-resistant since I've packed and unpacked it a couple times. The only reason I give it 4 instead of 5 stars is that the ribbon and bow are basically just hot-glued in a couple spots, and the glue separated easily and I had to glue it back myself.	2
Our 6 month old puppy chewed a big hole in the mesh the first time in the crate...worthless....would rate less than one star if possible...loved the color and size...too bad it is poorly made...	1
I loved the carry case and the tiles were good color and weight but the tile holder kept falling over, just not sturdy enough. If that could be corrected this item would be awesome. I'm returning mine, it was driving me crazy, the constantly falling over.	1
I ordered a large. I am 5 foot and busty. It is a cute outfit.	2
Does exactly what it was designed to do. Thanks.	2
All six boxes within the package were melted with the paper cover stuck to the chocolate that was turning white.	1
They were as advertised worked perfect	2
planning on using it for a trip to Hawaii. I have not used it yet. Service and price were great. Janet	2
I love these Leggings! They fit and feel great!	2
Too small for the bedside.	1
Loved the book until the very end. I think it is the best of the series. Definitely would recommend it.	2
Especially if you live in a drought state. Unfortunately it did not work. I returned, but the company did contact me for "why it didn't work" which in my opinion at least they cared to ask and didn't quibble over return.	1
slightly askew on direction (my particular compass is a few degrees off magnetically in comparison to other compasses like Suunto), but is much more durable than the Suunto and actually stays on watchband. Overall gets the job done.	2
I'm extremely pleased with this product, it does exactly what it says it will do. Definitely give this one a shot well worth it.	2
This machine did not hold a charge. This was the 2nd one I got and it had the same problem. Definitely would not buy it again.	1
Good quality i will them & all colors	2
The product itself is great and it’s exactly what I wanted, but the wireless charging surface was scratched all over when it arrived.	2
Fits my 2 German shepherds holds up pretty well...easy to fill up	2
We bought this for my nephew for a Christmas gift and it was a hit the first day but I guess broke like within the first week which was really disappointing	1
I bought this at the end of May. The expiration date was for August. Maybe it had list it’s effectiveness, but I found it useless.	1
This container is very good quality and size. However, the mouth piece tore immediately making it completely useless. I am hesitant to buy a replacement as I don't want to waste the money. The other downside is that the lid isn't attached and easy to loose. I keep looking for a great stainless toddler cup but have yet to find one that fits the bill.	2
Bought these to save some $$ opposed to Nicorette's offering & based on positive reviews here. These are much sweeter, don't give the mouth 'tingle' to let you know the nicotine is doing it's job & these dissolve much faster than the Nicorette brand. If you like a more 'candied' version of this type of product, you may like these.....I didn't. I won't finish using these so it was wasted $$, I'm going back to the Nicorette brand.	1
Was loving this phone ring and it started out really stiff and perfect. All of a sudden it now spins all around, it won't hold my phone up on the vent when driving, it won't hold up the phone when using it to watch something. The sticky part is extremely strong, I cannot take it off and replace it with the second ring that comes with it. I need to buy a new case just because of this ring.	1
I never leave negative feedback but Amazon customer service has been horrific lately! To buy a stroller at this price point and have the frame all scratched up as soon as you unwrap it is just in acceptable. I suspect this is more of an issue with the dark frame. I contacted them to replace with any other color and they refused! I have had this item here for a week! Their 2 day shipped was delayed 5 days, got this a week later than needed and now I’m told I can’t exchange the color. ANY other retailer would allow it. If you’re spending this much money on anything SHOP LOCAL!! Amazon has gotten too big to care about us loyal customers!	1
Picture shows metal but I was sent plastic. I already had a plastic one. The end broke off during first use. I’ll be returning this one before it breaks.	1
The depth of this item only covers the bottom and sole of the shoe/boot (not very high up the sides). It takes some practice to master cleaning your shoes while standing on it, and it helped to place it next to a wall in order to steady myself. I placed it next to the front door for guests and very light-duty shoe cleaning.	2
When it finally arrived, nothing was labeled, so I have no idea what I planted. Also no instructions on planting. Hope I put them in right side up? Mailing Labels on the box were all in Chinese. No help there.	1
What a waste. Got this brand new and one of the clips wasn’t even on it!	1
Item was not packaged AT ALL and came in with several BLACK scratch marks on it. Not happy with the purchase. May be returning. Do not buy.	1
These sandals smelled horrible! As soon as I opened the package you could instantly smell them. They really came from the pit of China. I ended up throwing them out.	1
They are really junk they look terrible they are so small they are rough they're not shiny the cords are just plain old string no I take that back there not even as sick as string they are thread-like you would so something very thin tangle easily junk sent them back.	1
Wow.. Brand new drill bit and isn't even sharp, might have to send it back cuz I won't use it.	1
Works fine, but expected the cover to wrap around the light more. Most light leaks out the sides, maybe allowing more brightness than expected.	2
Nothing special just good quality	2
I definitely smell the difference in the water. So, i assuredly believe this will help with some of my skin conditions	2
The case is thinner than most, but there's still a noticeable thickness. It feels like it would probably protect from drops, but the one thing that is terrible about this case is its material. The rubber attracts dust, lint, and everything else around the phone. As a result the case gets very dirty very quickly. It's also hard to get all of the dust and lint off the case since rubbing it off just moves it around.	1
The fountain doesnt want to run continuously. It pulses. I have tries everything to make it run correctly. It will for a few minutes then goes back to pulse.	2
I want to love this shirt I really do... When I first got it had a very strong odor to it. So I decided to wash it before using it on my son for his 2nd birthday party. After washing it there were several cracks in the truck where green fabric show through. I'm still going to use it because it's only for one day however for the $15 I paid I expected it to make it at least a few washes... Oh well it's still cute and the truck made my guy happy	1
An absolute waste of money. These are completely dull. They do not rip a seam...even picking apart a seam is impossible due to the tip being too dull to get under a stitch.	1
Although the functions are great, they do not go off the way they should. My dog will get a good 3-4 barks out before the collar even gives the warning beeps. The collar will also beep/vibrate when my dog just shakes his head and not bark. The main reason my dog doesnt bark as much when wearing it is because he knows what it does.	2
This dress is long but looks amazing. I bought green and wine red. Wine red is a beautiful color. The green one is a lil off from what you see in the picture. Still they are comfy and fit perfectly. I am 5'3 and 150 pounds and ordered the large. It was long but I love the flowy-ness and it fit perfect every other way. Thank you	2
This item stopped working after one use. Will never purchase again	1
As much as I like the case I cannot charge it while the case is on. It is very inconvenient to have to remove the case to charge the phone.	2
I taught it was the Do si dos last year. It is current cookies sold this year. I could have purchased from a Girl Scout cheaper	1
The necklace design is great for everyday wear and my mom absolutely loved it but my moms necklace broke and came apart within 4 days of wearing it. Since it’s so lightweight she didn’t realize it until it was too late and couldn’t find the charm.	1
Nice maps of the world and USA. Good for teaching kids about geography. Great gift.	2
Wish they sold a set of steak knives that equaled the quantity of this block and not 1 less or 1 extra... Poor planning leads us to buy generic steak knives instead of their products. Missed sales opportunity there.	2
Super easy install and really bright. Feels cheaply made but still works. One of the 4 came incomplete without the part that screws in to the fixture and another came broken	1
After reading the reviews I was contemplating which size to buy. I normally wear a medium unless the dress is made full. I decided to order the medium and not go a size up. The dress fit better than expected. I would have liked it an inch or 2 longer. It can be worn casually or you can dress it up. The material is thin but not as bad as I expected after reading other reviews. I’m going to order again in additional colors. My size 5’2 1/2 bust 36C	2
To circulate the heat generated by the pellet stove. It is definitely living up to its claim. Very happy with product... will highly recommend it.	2
I bought it on September 24th and in less than 3 months it got damaged. The battery is inflated and I have charging problems. At 30 percent remaining charge, the cell phone goes off. Avoid buying this battery!!!	1
Very thin metal. Locking tilt mechanism very unreliable.	1
Even though the color and style was what I was looking for was a bit too big in a little bit tight fitting even though as a extra large	1
Fit ok but if you have a large chest there is no support some serious underboob and if you lift your arms up boobs fall out lol also the seam is coming undone on the top the bottoms fit really good though	2
Only synchs one at a time can't get it to pair together even when following instructions. Given up, they've never been used...I guess this is why they were cheap.	1
It's a cool concept, but it leaks... I have a mess to clean up every time I use it...	1
It's pretty good, I like the spot function for when you find sore spots. It takes a while to learn the controls but we'll worth the money. I only take a star because out of the foot and neck models I'm using this the least. It's uncomfortable to leave on a chair you regulate use	2
I've used several of these type of make-up wipes over the years this one by far smells and feels the best. But it does not do a good job of removing my eye make-up. Still trying to find that perfect make-up wipe!	2
Quality was great, but it was kind of hard to wear for long period of time. Not very bendable to your face.	2
I do not care for the "scoop" on this but I do like the suction cups. The "scoop" is too difficult to use, dose not hold the ball.	2
Returned. SOOOOO tiny and the inside clips had ribbon glued on them which meant they grasped even less hair. These would be great for infants but not much else.	1
Lay nicely and look very elegant on our tables!	2
I guess they'll be OK gym socks, but they're not much for compression.	2
Easy to use, and exactly as described.	2
It looks great but had a wiggly leg	2
Plastic and cheap but it worked. Also, you have to jam the candles in , so they stay put and don't fall and burn the house down.	2
I don't think this product mixes with my body chemistry in order to curtail my lack of sleep.	1
Just what I was looking for. Works great. Easy to use.	2
I’m really disappointed because I love the way this looks and feels and it’s easy to get on and off, BUT it keeps catching and snagging on my clothes. I’ve been wearing it for a week or two and I’ve been putting off switching back to my old band, but today it snagged my favorite pair of pants so that’s the last straw! If they could fix the edges of the bands so it wouldn’t catch on things then it would be 5 stars!	1
All 3 cords have stopped working within 90 days of receiving them. Incredibly disappointing.	1
Exactly what I was looking for. I wanted my Dot in a central location in the house. Great Product!!!	2
They’re very stiff and the clip falls off with one use	1
Did not order Returned to sender Hasn’t received refund	1
Omg these are the cutest and just as I imagined! They are more like a postcard rather than like a folded over card. They are perfect size and super cute!	2
very nice pillows for decorative covers, but not quite as full as I would like.	2
These are great batteries at a great price, Thanks!	2
not what I would buy again.	1
Lot of power for the price	2
Very good, let's see how long will be survive! Recommended.	2
Sent me the wrong game.	1
I had to ziptie every single corner about 3 times, my product came broken and I had to fix it, cheaply made and I wasn't impressed....but the size is great for price. You will need zip ties for smaller rats, the bars were super unevenly spaced.	2
a little B-movie but worth a watch	2
Fit right in with the old breakers and works like it should	2
Good article ! I am saying that after more then a year of use ... recommend it	2
Absolutely like this product it's a lot of fun to play with. the wax isn't the greatest but it comes out clean and smooth when you stamp it	2
I ordered three new Wrangler Jeans , when i got them two of them were faded and one had a big rip in the side of the pants !! These were clearly not new pants only faded ones with a Wrangler tag on them !! Completely appalled !!!	1
Looks pretty close to real. Ordered this as my travel ring. It’s looks just like my real diamond. My only issue that it’s a little too big. I haven’t worn it yet so not sure how it will hold up.	2
I bought Corelle Simple Lines and you send the wrong one. I will return but I want to receive the right one.	1
Poor design, doesn’t stick well.	1
Product is ok, but not great. No way to hang it and said there were 30 pieces. Apparently I was missing some as I don't have enough ornaments to cover all the velcro that is sewn on. There are 2 that don't have anything for them.	2
This was my 2nd set. Loved the first one so ordered the 2nd one and the first time I put it on the elastic broke on the fitted sheet which sort of bummed me out so be careful.	2
Amazon delivered this item to a house with kids toys and took a picture of it sayin it was safely delivered. I don't have kids and the picture was not my house. I could not find any place on my order page to alert them of their mistake. So this was the only place I could write what happened. I never got this item, but was charged for it. Nice business model Amazon. Put a button on the details page for "we screwed up".	1
My laser mouse works great on it,material is very comfortable. Laser mouse seems to work flawlessly on it.	2
The instructions are a joke .	1
The power bank charged in 6 hrs. The wireless feature doesn't work. Charging my phone with the interface was very fast but used up more than half the juice in the power bank for one phone charge. I'm going to keep it bc sometimes I have to charge my phone and I'm outside and not by an outlet.	2
I love this book but I wish that it was longer. I also loved that he had a interest in Ashlyn Ella the daughter of Cinderella. That was the most important part of the intro.	2
I love the purple color of this product! It feels very durable! The only thing I didn’t like about it is the plastic screen protector. It just got dirty and hazy after awhile and it made the phone screen less resistant to touches. I popped it off.	2
Update; after mounting the fixture it seems to work better. It doesn't work great though. You don't just touch it on and touch it off. It's more like touch it, touch it, touch it on and touch it, touch it, touch it off. It's not as bright under they cabinet as it seemed it was going tobe before i mounted it. I'm going to raise it from two stars to three. Giving it a two star rite now because it isn't mounted. I plugged it in when it arrived. I touched it and it's good and bright exactly what people want. I touched it again and again and again and it won't turn off. I unplugged it ti turn it off. Plugged it in again. Touched it and it came on good and bright. Touched it again, again, again and again and it never turned off. Hoping once I get it mounted it will work!	2
It’s fun for a bit. Unfortunately my daughter lost interest pretty quickly. This surprised me bc she loves playdoh.	1
This repeller is amazing! It is completely undetectable to the people in our home or our dog yet has been remarkable at keeping pests at bay. It has kept both ants and mosquitos, which were previously very common, away from our entrances (where we put the Pest Barriers). We also appreciated that two repellers were included so we could double the area impacted. The nightlight is a great feature too. The product arrived on time and in good condition.	2
I took them religiously like the directions said, but I had an adverse reaction to them, and had to stop	2
I bought for my wife and she likes it too much	2
Bought this as a Christmas gift because of easy storage. When used the beaters would not release from the unit. No problems so far with the return and refund from Amazon.	1
I just received my order today, and as I was admiring the dress and thinking about how good I'd look in it and was going to try it on...there's a hole in one of the pockets. Okay, was gonna simply sew it up myself and still have rocked it. Turned it around, and there are two black spots on it and looked as if someone wore it once and then sent it back to the seller. Bummer, and I was looking forward to wearing this....	1
Only had them for a few months and already have a small hole. Can’t exchange them since it’s past the time. A good product for freezing temps	2
This sponge fell part after a few uses..	1
Arrived quickly and works as advertised. Packaging could be better.	2
Received this product Wednesday and just opened it on Thursday. Each bottle came CRACKED and shattered. I even cut myself opening it. Don’t order.	1
These ended up being too big but as funny as it sounds and must look, I put them over my Capri yoga pants to bike & pull them off to run. They work good to help with the pain of sitting on the bike for a long time.	2
The book was new and in great condition.	2
These seemed a little stale	2
My order arrived and they were two different styles lol. One was as shown in the photo and the other was normal slide style	1
Looks just like the pictures except it's thin, but overall satisfied	2
I use this several times a week... wether I’m taking a break from washing my hair or just need some volume in my very thin hair. This is fantastic if your going hiking , are in the hospital or anytime a shower is not readily available!	2
We got a big popcorn machine last year and have used Great Northern popcorn. We decided to try this since it was cheaper. Unfortunately it doesn't taste as good as the Great Northern; it tastes like microwave popcorn. The Great Northern popcorn tastes very close to what you'd get at Disneyland or Walt Disney World. (I know that might be a strange comparison, but if you love popcorn and have ever gotten popcorn at a Disney park, you know how yummy it is and that there's nothing exactly like it.)	2
I have been trying many E11 LED lights and this LED has been brighter than the others but no way close to a 100W halogen. The problem I have is they flicker at a rate that is not visible but have a strobe effect. the water in the sink flows funny, the ultrasonic brush looks like it moves real slow. It does give a headache after some time. It is not dimmable. The lakes version of the bulb seems to be the overall best performer for dimming, brightness and flicker free.	2
The case itself is very nice but do not use the “extras” that come with it. The lanyard broke the first day and I would have been better off getting a screen protector from the dollar store. This one started sliding off of my phone before a week and when I put it back it was no longer sticky. The phone case itself is very good but these amenities are cheap and I would have been better off not using them.	2
A little higher than o thought it would be. But overall we’re happy with our purchase	2
i wear 6 in Jockey and these seemed to be very tight, not sure why im returing and going up a size to 7	2
Broke in one month, just after a few uses.	1
They'll get bigger as you wear them, so this may be important when it comes to fit in the long hall or if you're planning on returning.	2
Very flimsy Wrapped in plastic. Not a good gift item	1
This is a nice book but it wasn’t what I expected. For some reason I expected more. Just so you know the first 2 prompts are the same all the way through and the 3rd one changes each day.	1
Because this is not made to be used for special effects makeup, I knew it wouldn’t be the best, but it ended up working out for the most part! The only thing I didn’t really like was the ears, because once I glued it down, I couldn’t hear anything all night. So for buying an SNL gag toy and making it work for SFX, I enjoyed it.	2
Really poor product quality.. Adhesion / suction power does not hold even without the phone, let alone with the phone.. too cumbersome to handle.. bad purchase..	1
Only reason not 5 stars is when the bag is full the straps for 'no-rack' do not fit. I was able to make a work around, but other than that it is great. It rained the whole trip and nothing got wet. Did not shift on car going 80mph. No marks on roof with included pad. Would recommend for sure.	2
Great game except I cannot duel there is no network error. This has been a problem for over a year now. The most annoying thing is apple users DO NOT have this issue at all! NO FAIR	1
I love sci-fi literature and shows. Sadly, this one is trite, flat, and predictable. What a bummer.	1
I do like the product. But it does have a somewhat annoying tick like other reviews say.	2
These work great!! However the felt came off and now are useless. Bummed.	2
Doesnt even suction... so not worth the money AT All	1
The zippers broke within 2 weeks and the handles have already started to fray.	1
The box was ragged and part of the belt was ripped off	1
I expected a basic table, but got a solid elegant table PERFECT for what I wanted.	2
We have been sleeping on this mattress for a year and a half and love it. Highly recommend, would buy again.	2
I was hopeful but this dress (size large) felt gappy on the top and like it slightly narrowed at the knee causing the skirt to feel tighter than the picture shown. I had to return it.	2
one of the belt loops has disconnected on one end after wearing once.	1
Disappointed because I thought it was white it is cream color or off white.	2
Wouldn't play. Stopped 3 x and then wouldn't restart at all. I won't be doing this again anytime soon!	1
The 8 qt silicone lid/cover fit my pot perfectly. I did not have to do anything to it. No first time soaking. Glad I ordered it.	2
Works great. Two problems I have had: 1. Occasionally the volume although super low while I am wearing headphones, suddenly blasts to high. And even when I turned down/off the volume, it wouldn't stop until I paused the music. So be super careful with kids. I would feel horrible if my daughter was listening and it jumped up high like that and hurt her poor ears. 2. It came with some sort of scratches in the screen. They only show up when what is being displayed on the screen is black, or almost black. Otherwise, they are almost impossible to see. I don't mind, except that my phone was brand new, so it should be without flaw... But I don't see it much, so I don't really care.	2
Nice bright bulbs that seem to be holding up well. However, the wifi enabled dimmer light switch that I use to control 4 of these with has a soft on feature, that can't be disabled, that these lights randomly will not illuminate with. Sometime all 4 will light when turned on sometimes only one, or two, or three will illuminate when tuned on. Cycling the switch on and off 2-3 times is sometimes required to get all 4 of my lights to turn on. I believe this problem is caused by my light switch which can only turn the lights on using a soft on feature. As these are dimmable lights you would not think that my switch that when turned on basically starts out dimmed and then ramps up to its setting would cause a problem, but these lights randomly do not illuminate when turned on with this soft on dimmer switch.	1
Great addition for my instant pot!! It works great redirecting the steam, plus it looks super cute!	2
I'm returning this item soon because I got to try my friend's MOKO brand case, which is much better because it has a place for my apple adapter, it closes with a magnet, and is so much more sophisticated, not to mention the MOKO brand is 10 dollars cheaper. This product gets the job done, but it's almost gross to look at.	1
My daughter loves her Bluetooth headphones. But only after 3 months of use her cable to connect the headphones to the computer have frayed in 2 places. She only uses the cable at school in the computer labs.	1
Product is easy to use and doesn't cause irritation but it did not whiten my teeth after 1 and a half weeks of usage. I actually notice no difference in my teeth. After using, my teeth feel cleaner but they are not brighter or whiter. I was misled by the raving reviews that show pictures of dramatic before and afters. Again, this product did not make a difference in whitening my teeth while used as directed. I would not recommend it as a teeth whitening product nor purchase this product again. UPDATE: It DOES whiten teeth! It just takes longer than the suggested 2 weeks some folks are saying in their reviews. I've been using it for over 2 weeks and slowly but surely my teeth have become whiter.	2
The drills are round not square as the description states. The drills are not shiney, they look dull in the package. I will update after I complete the piece. This is for the Snowman with the light poll.	1
These are very durable and thick. I needed thinner tubes that I could cut. These are not to be cut like a normal toilet paper roll.	2
Bought this for a 10 day snowboarding trip. On day 3 the seem in the groin area had split open. Granted, I did fall quite a bit, but it was all in powder. In addition to that all the zippers zip up instead of down, so the pockets kept coming open and I couldnt safely keep anything inside of them.	1
Not really worth the price.	2
This item did not work for either of my phones. I threw it in a drawer after i waited too long to return it.	1
Good quality and fit. No issues	2
I always have enjoyed Indian culture. There is enough culture, spiritual memories and a good plot. I hope there are more books with this main character.	2
I am only removing one star since you really need to have a case on for this to have any effect in protecting your screen. But since I have the case as well I haven't had any major issues a few cracks is all. But honestly I am so hard on my electronics so I accept the small flaws.	2
This set is okay. After receiving it I realized that not all of the oils are all that versatile. Plus, the jasmine is synthetic and smells too strong in my opinion. The clove is also way too strong and I don't believe it is pure. I did the paper test (put a drop on a piece of paper and let it dry- if it dries with no spot it is 100% pure essential oil- if there is a spot there is something else in there). 6/10 passed the test, so there are some good oils in here.	2
Great for a while.... Bought 2 for the brand new light fixtures outside my front door. 1 failed in less than a year while the other is going strong. Kind of expensive for 50% early failure rate.	2
Popsocket doesn’t stick at all don’t have that much grip on the case if you put a popsocket or a screen protective on the back it won’t be on there fully	1
It’s cute but a lot smaller than I expected. It’s more of a hand held size than I thought	2
Nice costume. Everything fit well	2
I loved my loops from you all but they kept snapping & breaking. The last one just broke. I am doing 80 day obsession & now I can’t even finish up the program due to the loops all breaking. Is there anything I can do about this. Thank you	1
Wow these are different. I applaud all of the allergy friendly aspects of these but they are rough! Literally! My teeth are still hurting after finishing one. And the flavor? Well there is none. These are pretty bad.	1
Top notch quality!!! Also received it before expected date. We would absolutely buy from this seller again!!	2
I really like this series and this Author but this book was not the best. I had to force myself to finish it. I just found it dull and sometimes confusing but that could have been from losing interest so many times during the book.	1
Brittle material and very loose.	2
Scent kind of off, smells expired. I don't know if it is or. It since there is no date	2
The color is great. The shoulder strap is great. But the handles make no sense. You cannot use the handles if the bag is zipped. They are on the inside of the bag not the outside.	2
Never received product!	1
Directions kind of suck.	2
I could not stand it anymore after one serving. I will probably throw it away.	1
This product stopped working less than 200 hours of printing. I run a disaster relief organization that utilizes 3d printers for education and medical items. Was really excited about this item cause of its size and seemingly solid construction. However, I regret this purchase now. The printer automatically stops after 10 mins of use. The machine also goes crazy sometimes when you pause or hit home, which lead to the print nozzle damaging the print bed. All in all, I am severely disappointed.	1
Good fitting shoe, although the sole is a bit hard, and only the heel has a soft insole.	2
I’m so sad and disappointed. I ordered this for my friend who was just diagnosed with Breast Cancer and I was so excited to see this in my mail. But when I opened it was all wet and falling apart. I can’t give this to her at all.	1
Overall, I like the rod. I do think it is a little cheaply made...especially doe $35. It compares to a $20 rod from Walmart. Was easy to install and looks nice.	2
My daughter can still get out of her car seat buckle without opening it. We are continuing to work on making it harder for her to escape and teaching her to stay buckled when in the car seat. She is 5 years old. This Buckle Guard is helping, but it is not the final solution.	2
I use them with my kreg t-track. Nice.	2
Could not tell that it did much.	1
good characters, fair plot advancement, very poor editing. The word order errors suggest translation from German. Very distracting, I blame the editor, I do not plan on reading any futher books in this series.	2
This is attracted to a magnet. When the gold plating falls of due to wear, it starts to rust.	2
I like how it has lots of pockets to put stuff in. I would have liked to have a shorter securing strap so it would not slide around so much. Good product.	2
You wouldn't know these are not Phillips Sonicare brand, they fit perfectly & work just the same as the one that came with the toothbrush originally. I recommend them!	2
I should have paid attention to the folks who said the tweezers don't grab hair -- they don't. But some reviews said they work just fine. Perhaps the quality varies. It is a shame, because the concept is wonderful. A lighted tweezer that really worked would be a wonderful thing to have.	1
I like it, I’m using it. The remote kinda sticks within the case at times - like it’s too snug. It is functional though! Looks good too!	2
I can compare to other companies, these pants are excellent, keep you warm relatively, keep you cool and protect from the sun. Dry fast after a swim. Only thing to I wished they had is dedicated pocket for smart phone, one that would be handy, and be in a place that does not bother when you walk.	2
The robe was bought as a Christmas present for my husband. He loves how warm and soft it feels. He also loves the hood.	2
This is a very thorough book, with LOTS of birds. The information is great, and the hand-drawn birds are very well done. But it takes me forever to find the bird I want to identify. If I don't know whether it's a wren, sparrow, thrush, etc, I have to look through every page until I find a close visual match. Maybe I'll get better use of the book once I learn more about bird identification.	2
Worked first day then nothing	1
I purchased the pink one to hang above my daughter’s bed and the blue one for my car, they are so sweet looking and hold up to my three year olds non gentle touch, lol. Love them	2
I love the accessibility of the feet and the feel of material. However, the 6 to 9 months size fits more like 3 to 6 months.	2
Serious fading in less than a month.	1
I got these to wear around the house the keep my feet warm on the cold floors. They work great! Size is a little smaller than I anticipated, but once broken in, they are fitting better and better. They are holding up well. Everything is holding together with no issues at all. I'm very happy with them.	2
The wallet portion is great! The case is garbage. I had this item for a week and 3 corners started cracking. I'm not rough with my phone at all. The plastic that is used to the case is crap. I had to return the whole thing and go with a different brand.	1
Advertising gives impression that the product is a charger that you leave in trunk and use it anywhere to charge a dead battery. Wrong!!	1
This is a nice little vacuum sealer. The bags it came with have held up well and it’s easy to use. I’ve used it to seal chip and cereal bags and it worked great. The vacuum wasn’t as strong as I would like. It left air around a third of the packages I vacuum sealed, especially if it was an odd shaped food or had different thicknesses, so that was disappointing. However it still works great for dry foods and simple shaped foods.	2
Good story, kept me reading all day instead of getting my laundry and yard work done, much to my dismay.	2
Its cute. I was expecting this to come alot larger in size. I will probably used them as gift tags.	1
Bought this shirt for my husband. Looks as pictured and the design is good quality. True to size, fits as expected, and he has no complaints.	2
Hard to wash. The fur on top gets all over the sides in the wash. :/	2
They were much smaller than I expected.	1
Many duplicates. Save your money.	1
I already have one and I love it but recently I moved in to a 2-story condo, so I decided I needed another. With that said, now I know there are at 2 DIFFERENT SIZES. I have 2 small Chihuahuas, the 1st I bought uses the 22x22 pee pads perfectly. However, the new one that just arrives is much larger than the pee pads I buy.	2
This is a must have if you own an instant pot. We steam everything now because its so easy. It cooked sweet and regular potatoes like a boss for thanksgiving dishes. We do fresh veggies almost every night. All pieces go right in the dishwasher for easy cleanup. Love this set!	2
Pretty blouse but runs very small.	2
NOTHING could perfectly fit a size 0 - 18 ... and it doesn't! The quality and style are absolutely beautiful, BUT I'm a size 10-12, and this is way too big to achieve the look as the picture shows. I had to return it. This is definitely designed for fuller figures, ENJOY LADIES!	1
they fall over too easy.	1
I really only need the smaller of the cones, so to prevent it from unscrewing I ended up welding it to the driver. Yes, it's too short to drive the anchor pin all the way through with the hub on the axel, but just long enough to get it started. Switch to a long hammer bit and you can drive the anchor pin all the way out without worrying of slippage. Still may need to apply heat, depending how ceased the pin is. If there's a will, there's a way. Tldr: Weld the cup you really need, drive anchor pin til you cant, switch to long hammer bit and go to town. Apply heat as needed. Worth forty bucks to make brake jobs easier.	2
Back area near where the handle is attached took heavy damage on first flight, needs better\thicker material. Wouldn't purchase again and wish I would have spent more on something better. Fine option for car only travel, but won't stand up to the abuse of baggage handling on flights.	1
Used this to plant some things in my kettle fountain. It worked great (no floating soil).	2
I received them on time I did think they were a little bit short but they were not at all that’s my fault I did not read t I received lead on time I did think they were a little bit short but they were not at all that’s my fault did not read all the details not sure if it’s in it or not!!!	2
I read this book all the way through, but kept wanting to stop. I made myself finish it because I wanted to see if it improved. It didn’t. I didn’t understand the protagonist’s fear, which runs throughout the entire book. The ending explains it, but once again, the foolish moves she makes, her line of thinking - simply a poor read.	1
I had high hopes for this healthy drink. But my 3.5yr old refuses to drink this gross drink. Waste of money if he won’t drink it! :(	2
The material is great, it protects the external hard drive nicely. I deeply recommend	2
Cool little machine and crazy fun for the price: tiny, but loads of ability.They're tiny, like the propellers, but they put out a lot of wind.	2
I have tried several times to contact the vendor of these mirrors over the year that I have had them. No one ever gets back to me. They started warping soon after installation and kept getting worse. I purchased two and they both warped similarly so it's not a fluke. One just almost fell of the wall. I didn't return them early on because the size and weight are so daunting. The quality is otherwise very good so the warping is so disappointing.	1
I got so many compliments on this dress, I bought two.	2
The quality and material are not so good. Not worth the money.	1
Perfect!! First brew and all after!	2
!Good Guitar strings for the price.Would recommend it!	2
Does not look true Navy. The Ad stated the necklace came with but did not receive it.	1
Beautiful movie. I highly recommend for anyone needing to recharge their spiritual batteries.	2
The buds are very large and the intro is programmed in an Asian language- kinda confusing.	1
It’s really short like only useful for a small child	1
The navy blue is definitely more of a purple. Did not match any other navy blue item I have in my house. They are decently made. Also, NOT free returns, so you only get a little more than half back if you return.	1
This is my first time to feel the foot mask, it's amazing. At the beginning, I didnt know if I can take 60-90 mins base on the instruction, so I watched the tv and played with my cell phone. When I take it off from my feet, I can see the dead skin on my feet, after I use warm water to wash it, they are gone, and my feet feel very comfortable, smooth and soft, just like foot massage.	2
Love the oscillating feature! This is perfect for the baby's car seat in the summertime	2
Quality is beyond expectation. If you're looking for a similar product, you'd be hard pressed to find better	2
This is not an 'isle runner', this is a fifteen foot of material. There is no way it can be used as an isle runner. I had to purchase non skid rugs and attach them to it to make it useful.. It is pretty as draping. I would not recommend this at all.	1
I liked this book but agree with other reviewers that the story is somewhat contrived and the characters unbelievable. I found Lydia irritating as I have no patience with characters who are not forthcoming with their emotions and issues which is frustrating and can bog down the story line. She was the only survivor of a horrific murder as a child but refused to discuss it with anyone then broke up with her boyfriend because he knew about it, knew who she was, but refused to bring it up to her. I also agree with a reviewer who was very critical of the epilogue which was nothing short of cheesy (a ghost hunter show on a Spanish speaking cable channel discussing the murder at issue in the story). All of that being said, I love a good mystery with a lot of twists and I didn't have this one figured out until the very end. It also kept me up late into the night reading so it's not all bad.	2
It doesn’t work at all	1
My son likes it for his minions room!	2
The filter fits our Vicks humidifier and was convenient to buy from Amazon. But the first of the 2 filters lasted less than a month and was moldy. We keep the humidifier clean, and we've never had a filter that had to be thrown out anywhere nearly this quickly. We saw a humidifier at CVS last week that doesn't use a filter. I think that is what we'll do next. It doesn't make sense to spend $20+ every 2 months to buy these filters.	1
I got this because my dogs were having terrible skin issues. In the long run it Did help. Problem was the first few days they refused to eat. I mixed it with canned food, people food, everything. After about a week they started eating it with no problem. Especially if I warmed it up just a little. After a couple weeks their skin was So Much Better!!!	2
Looks like a good assortment. All the truffles came completely melted. Wanted to use for gifts but they are not in good condition.	1
Haven't used yet, but it seems really sturdy.	2
Think the price was on the high side for just 1 battery since the 2 pack was only a few dollars more. But My shaver only needed one, I had to charge the battery on my reg charger before installing it because it was discharged when I received it. After getting it installed so far it has been working good has held a charge for 3 days of usage without recharging.	2
I just ordered a 2nd pair and I'm going to get capris too. I wear them to work (bartender and have to wear all black) so obviously they aren't see through! Super comfy and soft. Love that they are high waisted for a bit of tummy control!	2
Wonderful. Had me on my seat a little bit about what was coming next! 😳 Good Job, I'm Soooo proud of you.. ❤️ A MUST SEE.. Everyone did GREAT.👌🏽	2
The carriers need to leave a note or must have the packages signed. Twice in front of my home, deliveries have gone missing when I arrive home. I have no review for the product, but the seller was helpful. The delivery driver is cutting corners and not asking for a signed signature. This pic is an example of how they leave packages outside the door for me.	2
I have the Brim cold brew coffee maker and ran out of filters. Not sure why but they don't make replace filters for the Brim so I tried these No go. Too big and had tons of grounds in my cold brew. Not their fault-they say its for Toddy. Just want to let people who have the Brim know these don't work well	1
I baked chocolate cupcakes in these for my.twin granddaughters 6th birthday party. The cups became so greasy after baking. Also, you couldn't even tell what the image on the wrapper was. I guess you could try again with a white cake and you might be able to see image then, but still it would be incredibly greasy!	1
Over all the scarf was really nice, soft, light, beautiful, but the problem is the wrong color got sent to me, so the product is great, the distribution isn't fantastic.	2
I did gain some new insights reading this textbook and really like the case studies, but I feel some of the concepts are repetitive. This is also one of the textbooks that I can't read it for more than 10 mins because it gets kind of boring...	2
Good for the price, wish the max volume was higher tho	2
It was almost like a seven epilogue but I enjoyed it immensely seeing them get through this Christmas drama that their family had created... I must read!	2
I actually love these because they do stay cool. However, they are so deep that you can’t keep the massive wrinkles out of the bed. They were supposed to be standard fit.	2
Cute! Grabbed these to use in the cat ward of our animal clinic.	2
My husband is a truck driver and his phone fell from the floor of his truck to the ground which is about 4 ft and when he picked it up the glass was broken	1
I wish they would shine little brighter	2
If you want something on the less expensive side, this camera will do the job. However, there is absolutely no software for this camera, and no customization is available. The result is a 640x480 picture with no control over zoom, resolution, color, etc. There is a dial on the cable that adjusts the brightness of three LEDs next to the camera lens. The LEDs get pretty bright, though I am unsure as to whether or not they are effective. Finally, despite the product promo specs in the description and the now changed product headline, this is not an HD webcam.	2
I mostly like this table, I will cover the defects. It is well packaged. I had to use use the tools provided to assemble the table. I couldn't screw in 2 of the bolts all the way for 2 separate legs. There are some deep enough scratches that go against the grain on the table top. The white paint did not coat the trim completely... i thought it was dirty at first but it is a bad paint job. This a day 1 review after assembly.	2
I have sensitive skin and this doesn't make me break out. Lightly scented. Just wish it came in smaller molecular form for better facial absorption, in addition to being in a tube to minimize air exposure and possible contamination over time. Facial skin cells are smaller than skin cells in other parts of your body, so what works well on your arms might not have as easy of a time penetrating the skin cells on your face. Otherwise, it's a nice product, and I really love the other Shea Butter body lotion that they have!	2
Sheesh, i couldn't sit through it. Just didnt keep my attention.	1
paid for this item and never received it, tried to get back on here and didn't have the card anymore so didn't have the information asked for. So therefore could not get monies back.	1
Good price but I needed a saw to cut it	1
case broke after two months of wear	1
Too much perfume to use on face. Creams used on the face should not have perfume. Cannot even use on arms. Overwhelming perfume. This company does not take returns nor refunds.	1
I tested this product in a small container, depth of a lawn mower gas tank. Item worked but the priming was a little iffy. Flow would go from weak to ok and back to weak. I think it needs quite a volume to prime and work properly.	2
Before you buy this, do some research on the man who translated it. He claims Jesus came to his room & gave him an assignment to rewrite the Bible while unlocking hidden meaning. Not cool. I was enjoying reading this translation with a grain of salt until I heard him say that. Many verses are completely changed & theological interpretation from the author mess up the true meanings. Definitely take this Bible as a interpretation- not as something to study. Anytime a translation is from one author, be discerning.	1
Held up initially, but I can tell the Velcro that wraps around my bike frame is starting to wear out. Every now and then the cartridge falls off if I hit a speed bump a bit too hard.	2
Product arrived but package was badly damaged. It appears to be in tact , fingers crossed.	2
Great pillow case! Soft and confortable.	2
It smells good, I prefer lavender on my next order	2
2 cartridges only lasted for a few print jobs. One didn't work from the beginning.	1
Installation instructions would be nice	2
I loved the concept of this and it did straighten my hair, but the brush pulled out my hair every time I used it. Had to return it because of that.	2
It did fit the watch but the battery got swollen within no time	1
I bought these handles to replace the cheap handles that came on my smoker. These are very stout. They are a half inch wider than the original handles, but since the door and drawers are made of sheet metal it was a pretty easy modification.	2
I bought this for my daughter, (Christmas) to darken and define her light eyebrows	2
I was afraid of using a generic charger but in the first days its worked fine! Not bad for something that cost a quarter of the price that Apple sells their product for.	2
Using this organizer inside a wicker basket to organize hair care bottles. Rather than finding my haircare products in a pile in the bottom of a bin, this organizer keeps them standing up and easy to get to when the basket is moved.	2
Unfortunately I waited until the return period had expired to assemble this unit. Unit is very poorly made. Tack soldered tubes in the shelves were not aligned and would not slide over the rails. One of the tubes actually had a broken tack weld/solder. IF you buy this item assemble it ASAP within the return period so you can return it as you may have a similar experience.	1
PARTS ARE NOT VERY DURABLE. EASY TO LOSE.	2
The rubber is OK but the adhesive was like non-existent. Even the paper backing it comes with just slid off.	1
I made these work but for what I needed but wasn’t able to put the cord through. I ended up wrapping around.	2
Really, the only added value was the acrylic case and they can't get that right. 5 nuts were too small for the bolts. One end piece bears down on the ribbon cable (as another reviewer has pointed out).	1
The fabric feels nice and the tunic looks good - for about a couple of hours into wearing it and then it looks like you slept in it. I have a busy life and wouldn't buy anything that needs ironing ... So not a good purchase . Probably won't wear it again. On the other hand, might be good as a nightshirt - then it doesn't matter what it looks like ...	2
Ive used for a couple months and works great. Nice sound.	2
THOUGTH THEY LONGER IN ADD DO NOT NEED 24 WASH CLOTHES LIVE ALONE	1
I ordered this product in December of 2017, and installed it upon delivery December 21, 2017. Cleaning them today, February 2, 2018, the white course pad fell apart as I rinsed it. The carbon pad fared better, and is now the only thing in the filter. I'm giving the product three stars, because it did an excellent job filtering my 100 gallon tank where Goldie, my Koi, spends the winter. However, it gets only one star, as I think it should last more than 5 weeks. I'm going to order another set, because I like the filtration, and to see if maybe I receive a defective white pad. If it fails again, it won't make it back to three stars.	2
You will find that it is easier to apply with a mitt that covers your hand. Goes on smoothly and evenly.	2
Kickstand broke from normal use after a couple weeks	1
Difficult to assemble and more difficult to mount on wall	1
No hole in the belt to hook through to weaken the product after using it for a while.	2
First off the shower plug does not go back down, then it never seems to dry off, and lastly there is good padding on it but not in the right place,	1
Fun glasses, but broke after a few months. If you just need them one time for a costume, they’ll be fine.	2
Works well but the flavor didn’t get my dogs as excited for teeth brushing as other flavors have.	2
Fits our brio set. You can definitely tell a difference but my 3 year old doesn’t. I’m a little disappointed that we’ve only had it for a week and 2 pieces have broken off. Is there a way to just get this piece replaced?	2
It is easy to over toast the bread.	2
The bulb exploded over my turtle's tank after only a few hours of use, very poor quality product.	1
It is exactly what I was looking for. I loved it so much I got an Army one for my best friend.	2
It didn’t charge at all. I returned it. Now I’m wondering if the reviews were legit. It never turned on.	1
Really a cheap playtex bra will not buy. this bra again.	1
Can't review because the nut for the back was missing making it unusable. Gave three stars because this is the fault of the supplier not the product	2
The hole pattern is very different than the picture and it's very tight even though I am usually only a size medium. The neck part is very much unlike the photo and sort of uncomfortable.	2
I got a pair of these on July 1, 2018. They sounded great. I say sounded because the quit working. At first it was just the Mic with the pause button that stopped working. A week After that the right headphone (on the same sode as the Mic) quit working and 2 days later the left wouldnt work either. I would love to give a good rating, but they didn't even last 4 months. Save your money for something else	1
They tasted old. Pistachios brown not green as the picture show. Very few Pecans. Lots of Cashews,almost burnt Hazelnuts and Almonds.	1
Too small for a man. Needed more details on size. Might have to return.	1
It's sold as a sweat shirt hoodie but is very thin hate it	1
It's very cute, my daughter loves it	2
Wow. This exceeded my expectations and not just at the $13.99 price point I paid. It is surprisingly cool and quiet. Worth it.	2
It was a little tight. No as A-Lined as I thought that it would be. I kept it for local wear.	1
I was really excited to get this camera until I discovered the non-helpful instructions. I inserted a 32 gig nano chip and after only a couple of hours, it gets full and I can't use the camera anymore. This isn't helpful for someone who drives long distances and can't always stop to empty the memory card.	2
X-large is really not x-large for adults have to use at least 4 at a time	2
They fit a bit tight but still pretty comfortable	2
The fabric is lovely. It wrinkles easy. I will use it as an extra for my table. I don't think it will be my go-to runner as I'll have to iron it every time. They could have done a better job of packaging it, instead of in a small cardboard box. A nice bag for storage would have been nice.	2
I don't think it makes much of a difference; it's really hard to tell	2
I was really excited to try this out as I had been receiving a ton of ads for Brickell. Unfortunately this was a major let down as it is very liquidy and I feel like it doesn’t get a good scrub and clean. Kiehls face wash is much better	1
Love these! Taste great and no carbs! Just a pinch makes a vodka and water super yummy.	2
All 3 quit working within the week, was a waste of money for sure.	1
The broom and bristle quality is very flimsy. Not worth the price.	1
A lot of pieces to put together one hole was missing	2
I got this rack figuring i'd save a few dollars over some of the other more expensive racks like the Specialized Pizza rack. After owning it for a month I feel it's undersized and not very effective at its intended use. The top surface is not very big or effective. The cargo net it comes with is also not very quality. The hardware it comes with is spherical, but it doesn't include the mating spherical washers that'd be needed. A motivated buyer would repurpose some of those from an old brake pad but doing so is absurd for something so inexpensive and easily provided by the manufacturer.	1
I usually order a medium but due to reviews and flowing nature of the dress, I ordered small. But it was still too big throughout. Passing it on to someone who it will fit.	1
Easy to use, not so easy to clean but it’s a great buy	2
Difficult to type with front cover case. Super bulky	2
For the price this was perfect! I have a stereo system set up in my basement, with speakers there and also in the living room upstairs. It was difficult to correctly adjust the upstairs volume while in the basement. Now with this IR extender, I can use the stereo's full remote control function from upstairs. Not just the volume, but everything! A big reason for my choosing this one was that it included a long cord (about 25 feet) that allowed me to reach the stereo from a convenient point in the living room. I do wish that it did not require a constant plug-in to AC power. Also it would have been much easier to run the wire through the wall if the longer cord had a disconnect at the receiver end to make the wire easier to run through holes in the floor/wall.	2
I have very long hair, at least 8 inches below my shoulders. I have washed my hair in the shower at least 4 times and this strainer only caught 2 hairs one time. The holes under the plastic top are so large I wasn’t surprised. I didn’t try to fill the tub but there wasn’t a tight seal between the tub and the strainer so I don’t expect it would hold the water well. But when the strainer was popped close I was able to get a few inches of water in the tub to soak my feet while I showered. The colors are as described and it does pop open and closed very easily. It arrived on time also. But it didn’t do what I wanted it to do.	1
These are fun while they last... which isn't very long. I've had 6 of these over the past couple of years and 5 of them stopped working after a few months. They aren't worth the price.	1
Will not open and extend Had to use wrench to turn open did not work please do not buy bad item	1
Did not help with our situation but it is pretty extreme so maybe not a review you should put much weight on. That is why we Gave product 3 stars, do not feel can rate it higher due to lack of use, but lower would not be fair either. did the review so I hopefully do not get a dozen more requests for one,,,,	2
Always had a sunbeam heat pad but I love this one.	2
I received kit but missing number 6 diamonds only 2 in package. Need lots more that seems to be a main color. Thank you Audrey Carter	1
I wanted a space-conscious shelf to display my growing amiibo collection and this works really well for it. I’d say it holds 9 comfortably.	2
Very cute! My daughter is 7 and loves it. We haven’t seen anyone at her school with it.	2
Bag was useful on our trip, though right from opening up the clip on front that fastens the bag to the front of your chest was not attached when I had received it. A friend of mine that has a previous model of this bag told me it was suppoed to come attached already and that’s why I couldn’t use that part of it. Rest of the bag held up well on our 1st trip	1
product has a freshness date of February 21, 2019 and i get package on February 4th. How do you expect me to finish 24 bottles of orange juice in 17 days	1
I do like the PCA products however I ordered this kit to take on holiday with me. Way to small for a three week trip. I think the cost of this kit is way to costly for what you get. Next time I will use my full size products.	1
showed rust within 2 weeks of being installed outside. Otherwise ok.	2
This was not very comfortable, I sent it back with the pillow protectors.	1
These are the BEST favors, and the best price around (believe me, I looked). We added some tags with twine to each one, and BOOM, favors done in an afternoon. These are going to be a huge hit!	2
Soft and comfy...perfect Saturday morning lounge pants. The pockets are a bit shallow, but overall, these are a great buy.	2
Lovely shirt with sequence	2
So adorable. And nice quality for a good price.	2
The flowers were all bent on delivery so they looked bad in the supplied vase. After day 3 all flowers wilted and started to fall off. I would not recommend this item or seller because of these issues.The attached picture is 3 days after delivery	1
Love this product for the 6 weeks it lasted. It was easy to use and really smoothed my really thick hair...then it just died. I was just a few weeks past the return window. Recently bought a second one and same thing. I had it a month and 2 days and it just died. I won’t be purchasing another...	1
Way too long not sure what to do with them will probably donate to charity!	1
I've been playing drums for over 20 years and wanted a kit that stayed home. I didn't have a ton to spend, so I bought the bullet on this kit even though there isn't a ton of reviews or info out there. I was blown away. Totally blew my expectations out of the water for the price point. The only thing I would mention is that there were a few finishing issues, but nothing serious and nothing that wasn't easily fixed. Serious drummers will replace the heads right away, and be sure to lube the lug threads as you assemble the kit. I was especially impressed with the snare throw off.	2
Overall good costume for my 5 year old	2
I love this keychain! It goes along really well with all of my other keychains and looks great. Though it is a bit smaller than I was expecting, I like it a lot. Now that I put it on my lanyard, it looks good and I think it would look weird if it were any bigger. I can’t say whether or not it scratches easily because I just got it a bit ago, but I think it should be ok. Great quality, too. It doesn’t feel cheap at all.	2
Smaller than expected but probably what was described. Too small to scare birds,they will probably fly off with them.	2
Good for summer, but too thin for cold months.	2
Informed it was delivered BUT IT WAS NOT DELIVERED TO MY ADDRESS I have not received this item	1
These shoes are pretty ugly.	1
Way too small and I bought an xl and I’m a size 6	1
Used the blue. 1st was great 2nd one only about 1/2 popped out.	2
I have a pretty small head, this hat is way too small if you wear weave and plan on wearing this hat forget about it. It put so much pressure on my little head. It's way too tight. The hat itself looks ok. I just wasted $16 great.	1
I love this stuff. It’s cost effective and nothing leaves my skin feeling softer or more smooth than this shaving cream. It also doesn’t break me out in any way. Almost everything else under the sun causes some sort of irritation or breakouts.	2
Is good product working good!	2
It turned out just like the picture I sent. I am getting it matted and framed to give to friends for Christmas. I will do this again.	2
I like the size and color of these cups. However, they are very heavily corrugated, which made them very difficult to separate. I also found the texture of the cups to be equivalent to 'nails on a chalk board'.	1
Very comfortable and lightweight.... Don’t wear in rainy/snowy weather	2
Camera does not even turn on. Total trash. I had to run to bass pro shops just to buy a new camera on my way out to my hunting spot.	1
I was skeptical about ordering this, but thought anything had to be better than what we had. We got it out of the box and into the camper. We have not slept on it yet. But we have laid on it for couple minutes and so far I am super impressed. I am debating on replacing our bunk beds as well. Well worth the money. Only reason I’m rating it 4 stars is because we have not slept a night on it yet.	2
This pants are so durable and NOT see through. I loved that they have a built in pocket so I can hide a ket or put my fit bit in it for when I'm pushing my stroller. That way all my steps count.	2
Great product could use a bit more padding though	2
I hooked up the battery to my phone it kept on vibrating off and on showing that the battery was trying to charge but never held a charge can sit on there for about 15 minutes just kept on vibrating on and off and got quite annoying so I just took it out and shipped it back to you all I want to order another one but I am unsure of what to do next	1
I love this treat pouch. Very well made. I use it in dog class and it is easy to use. I also use it on walks and the poop bags and compartments are very convenient. Overall good product. Would defintiely recommend!!	2
little difficult to attach to can.	2
It was not chemically active when I received it. Totally useless.	1
Destroyed in first use. Do not recommend.	1
These are more like a thinner mini-pad not the nice puffy Hospital peri-pads. The puffy style pads are more comfortable on a sensitive area. These would be fine for anything but after surgery or a delivery. I like that they don’t have those wings that stick on everything but what they should.	2
Nice and bright, seems to be nice quality, plastic body is only negative for me but really nice for the $28 price	2
Love my easy on, easy off men’s Crocs. I purchased a size smaller (9) than what a usually wear (10) based on reviews and the 9 fits just right. Crocs are functional footwear for around the house, beach, etc. Recommended	2
The dress was pretty, but the size selections aren’t very good. I had to order a large for the length, but it was so big in the chest and waist that I had to return it. I’m 5’7” and 145lbs sand was swimming in the dress.	1
Really wanted this to work, but it didn't work on my Pixel 3, even plugged in, my phone was still listening, which really speaks to the nature of the phone rather than this device. It does, however, work on my MS Surface Pro 3.	2
Cute but not very durable. If your dog is a chewer don't waste your money. My Toy Poodle destroyed this toy in less then an hour	2
Well-constructed product. It’s very secure, as well as easy to use. I’ve used other safety belts for my dogs, however, one would step on the seatbelt latch and the belts would release. The design of this safety belt prevents that issue. Love this product!	2
Didn't taste like the flavors listed, but was still good coffee	2
The waver does a good job of creating beach waves but it does leave a crease in your hair where the iron clasps. The heat on the iron is good but there's no way to avoid having that crease line if you want defined waves. As for the "wand" part of the iron. I have no idea what kind of beach waves the description is talking about. I have long hair and the wand literally didn't nothing but leave a weird crease line where the two parts come together. It doesn't curl your hair at all.	2
I bought this at a local store first and loved the colors and the shimmer , then I saw on Amazon and decided to order. Unfortunately, when the order came the shadows were all cracked, broken and mixed together. I just kept it because to much trouble to send back , probably happened during shipping.	2
Fit perfectly, but almost daily another plastic piece breaks off. Will have to buy a new one in a day or two.	1
Its a good fan. The only problem i have with it ia the power button. It has to be pushed hard to turn on and this causes the fan to move. I have to hold onto the fan while pushing the power button. Strange. Needs improvement.	2
Not very bright, some lights were not working upon delivery.	2
Great headband. Wide and comfortable. Washes well too. Nice fabric.	2
Nearly 9 weeks from purchase to delivery and 20 days later than their delivery window. Came in quite damaged. Seller did issue a partial refund. But, I would have rather received it on time and in perfect condition.	1
We followed directions, but the headliner wouldn't stick for more than a few hours. We ended up using the tacks, cheaper and more secure. bummer.	1
Bulbs flail at top brightness setting. With my Lutron switches at full power the bulbs will sometimes start to cycle from full to off over and over.	1
Quite possibly the World's most perfect cereal.	2
It work for a couple of week's with no issues what's so ever, then I started having internet issue's like the Wi-Fi would just switched back to off mode on its own, then the ethernet would look like its connected on your main screen but still wouldn't have no access to the internet what's so ever I tired to reboot it still the same issue's I even try to Factory restore it a whole lot of times still the same issue's and plus the unit with being only too gigs of ram makes it even more worse aswell too.	1
I like that this one had 20 diff tests. My only complaint is that some of the colors were hard to tell apart and one didn't match the colors close enough to tell the result. The color chart maybe off and didn't print correct.	2
I found E. Hunter through her vampire books and I've devoured all of them. I didn't think the woman could get better, but then i read this. If you enjoy imagery, breaking the 4th wall (just a little), and a steamy romance birthed from love then read this book!	2
doesn't fit right in ear falls out easily	2
They slide down more than I’d like and don’t come quite as high up the stomach as I’d like, but they’re a solid legging choice that is cheaper than your local lularoe girl. I’ll be rebuying these, I’m sure of it.	2
In retrospect, it makes sense that you will need to be home to sign for the package, but they don't give you a heads up, and UPS only delivers on business days. So I had to drive 2 hours and spend almost $50 bucks in gas to get the TV without taking a day off work. I just wish I received an email or something telling me to be available to receive my package.	2
Got this in February 2019 and it is now October 2019 and this toothbrush has died - won’t recharge at all ... shame because I really like it.	1
I was notified delivered but the package was nowhere to be found! It was a birthday gift for my mom and I’m so disappointed!	1
Slipper's toe opening is too large. My foot slipped too far out of slipper's toe opening. Thank you.	2
I bought this for my daughter’s birthday and once we opened it we found one of the horses had a broken leg. The missing piece was not even in the box so we couldn’t even glue it on. Went to return the kit and found that the return window has closed. Very disappointed.	2
Deff get what you pay for. It runs slow but I only needed it for one online class and it does the job. It is a cute color and is very easy to take with you/	2
Great bag with tons of space!	2
As always a flawless tool from a great American manufacturer.	2
Well made power supply. 110v cord that is already on it made install quick and simple. No light flickering.	2
Opened the box and all of the pieces are disgusting, covered in brown dirt, hair, and all scratched up. I don’t even want to touch the pieces to put it together, I’m not sure how a product was boxed like this	1
Only used once. Can’t hardly write a revue on that.	2
LOOKS LIKE A RETURN ITEM. ALSO SAFETY LOCK FOR THE BLADE WOULD NOT LOCK , NEVER HAD A CHANCE TO USE IT. BUT HAVE A EXCHANGE COMING. HOPE THIS ONE LOCKS AND IS BRAND NEW AND NOT REPACKAGE OR A RETURN ITEM !!!!!!!	1
I look sharp on the job in my new coat.	2
This really wasn't a bad movie. In fact, there were a few really good moments. The acting and story were just a tad better than middle of the road. If you've got some time on your hands and in the mood for something just a tad off center, this will do it.	2
Works great. Save yourself time and get a Glock magazine disassembly tool.	2
Love the style, and it's function, however there is a lot of white noise when listening/ viewing live , and when you zoom in......the pixels get distorted, I was unable to read license plate of vehicle that came to house stop in front of garage for 20 seconds then left,	2
Good quality sound but very disappointed that the ear bud covers are not clear as advertised in the picture. They are a dark grey which I do not like at all.	1
Did not work well for me.	1
I ordered 2 sizes larger than what I normally wear. Nice color.	2
Waterproof? Maybe, but will stain if it gets wet	2
I really liked the first band I bought but this one is not tight enough.	1
Have been using daily for over a month now hoping to alleviate some brain fog, focus, and concentration problems I've been having recently. Haven't noticed any improvement in those areas, or any other positive effects. Your mileage may vary.	1
Was good while it lasted.. I bought another orange one from another company and it lasted about a month as well ,returning both	1
Very nice and simple. Does need a manual for other features	2
For starters it came with the box completely opened and the contents of the box were spilling out. It did not pair with Bluetooth quickly. I had to try a few times. This thing does not count steps accurately and does not always detect when you are walking. I took some steps, counted them myself and new steps were not recorded. The sms, messages, call notifications etc. do not pop up or vibrate on iPhone 6 when activated and the VeryFitPro app is not compatible with my Google Nexus tablet! Unfortunately I purchased two of these at once assuming that all would be well based on the 4 star ratings. Not satisfied with this fitness tracker. The heart rate monitor is a cool feature if I have to say something positive but overall huge disappointment! I regret this purchase.	1
Love the look and fit but wish it wasn’t see through, I don’t own a slip and so not sure how I can pull this off.	2
Great style but fits smaller than expected	2
Left and right socks were slightly different lengths. One was up to my knee and the other was on my knee.	1
Looks cheap. Feels cheap. Crap flatwear. I’ll go to Walmart next time.	2
Doesn’t connect tried many devises trying to swap out let’s see if replacement works	1
Exactly what i wanted!	2
Good assortment. No hex heads. When you pop these into the bit holder, they are impossible to remove by hand and almost impossible with a wrench.	2
I have bought a couple bottles of these so far, and I love it! The only problem is that it is VERY messy.... the oil gets all over the place and has stained my pantry wall and the top of my dog's food container. I don't even know how this stuff gets EVERYWHERE! I endure the mess because this is a great product but MAN can they please fix the packaging?!	2
Perfect fit for my application to replace a button that was sticking.	2
works as advertised but the battery life last about half of a day or so. would be better if battery last at least 3 days or longer.	1
The seeds were packaged properly and arrived on time. The best commentary can only be given based on germination rates and the quality of the beets.	2
This product sucks!! I just spent a few weeks in northern Minnesota and they didn't do anything for me even on high. All BS!!And you can't return them lol. They ship them to you ok but when you try to return them you can't and get this. Item can’t be returned since it requires special transportation and handling which we can’t provide. They can provide it to ship to you but they can't to ship it back the same way they shipped it to you. How is that possible? Don't waste your money unless you want to warm your feet in your house not in the stand on a cold morning or evening shoot.Good luck if you buy them. Just send me your money and I'll send you my crap when I can find special transportation and handling that I can't provide for you that I really can't lol.	1
Great product and gets the job done....quickly and easily	2
will not record t a useable level. After spending hours working with it to try and increase levels, I had my audio-visual IT director at work look at it and he could not get it to record anything other than shouting into the microphone at close range. Also, did not come with a base or desk clamp, had to go to Fry's to get a base. Invest a little more to get a mic from someone else, unless you are looking for a mic for deco because that is the only purpose this one serves.	1
Love my new phone case and the added level of protection it offers.	2
There are some uneven divots or pits in the metal, leaving spots for food and oil can get stuck and slightly difficult to clean. Otherwise it is fairly durable and is priced affordable. As far as versatile oh, well that depends on the chef, you're dealing with a fixed surface size and material. But if you know how to cook... You will have no problem sauteing, frying, Browning and even simmering anything you desire. I just wish it came with a matching cover	2
The leash was good before it ripped. My dog is 45 pounds, order the medium, she is strong and pulls sometimes, but is not a persistent puller. The leash ripped and is no longer usable after 4 months...	1
Worked well but the XL was a little small for our large 100 lb. Lab.	2
Didn't provide what I wanted even with powder would be good just on face not to cover tattoos or scars	2
This item does not look anything as it does online. Thank god the seller was kind enough to accept my return and credit my account.	1
It’s beautiful but the assembly is extremely challenging for one person. You need to have two people to hold the many pieces when you put them together.	2
Decided to try these since the photo was so pretty. I absolutely love them!! Seriously soft and a great snuggly fit to keep my fingers warm. The palm accent makes them so much more fashionable than a plain pair. Originally bought as a gift, but I'm keeping them and buying another for my friend.	2
Did not work as described.	1
Only liked the emblem lol fitting was really loose, it should have more tying ropes and it’s not waterproof I guess it will do for now.	1
Very sturdy. Attached well to our wall. Clean removal. However not for all wall paint types.	2
Got these for my puppy so she could chew. If I put peanut butter on it, all she does is lick it of, then won't have anything to do with the bones. Disappointed.	1
Purchased May 2016, worked great daily then stopped fast-charging in December 2017. The nylon layer has worn away completely on the C end. I know it's a 1-year warranty but expected better especially at this price.	2
easy to install has worked well increased range of internet	2
I have Bosch Icons on my front windshield and compared to those this wiper isn't nearly as good. At least I don't use it as often, but I'll still have to replace it before the Icon's on the front. Easy to install and the price was low, but I'd buy an Icon for the rear if it was available!	2
Note 9 case works great. Other than the back being easily scuffed, it does its job. The Pixel 3a case, however, did not hold up so well. In fact, it completely fell apart almost a week in. The frame is only attached to the plastic backing at the bottom. It may be the case that this one in specific was a defect (pun intended there).	1
Product protected my phone from numerous drops and held up very well.	2
Received quality watch batteries at very reasonable price. Good product.	2
This bag is a lot smaller than I expected. Worked well to hold a few things and like the cooler underneath but it’s not my favorite beach bag I own	2
Really enjoyed this book.	2
Producing a picture takes about one full minute per image, so when we tried to set up a class photo booth for my son's 2nd grade it was a lot of waiting. Also this may be me, but the view finder did not match up with what came out on the film at all...we sent ours back.	2
It's a very tight fit for my 13in MacBook Pro. Needs to be bigger, but is a pretty good bag overall.	2
Not yet able to use this year but this product looks like it's good quality and will wear well.	2
Does not quite fit the Lillebaby carrier. I therefore only use the shoulder strap pieces.	2
Mine worked well for several years. But lately when the line power flickers my computer goes off completely with no battery backup. I checked the battery voltage and it looks OK. I don't know whether to get a new battery or to just junk the unit and get another one. I probably will get another brand.	2
Received the wrong mug!	1
Easy to set up and grate implementation.	2
Fall apart pretty fast and are as my daughter explained very itchy bras.	2
Charger worked but it's not a fast charger. I tried the hammer at the end of the charger against a one inch piece of wood and the device made a small hole in the wood. I also tried the blade by cutting a strip of heavy gauge leather and with medium force ,It did cut through the leather strip.	2
Great price, but will probably have to buy another. This font is NOT as pictured and the engraving is super shallow and hard to read. It will serve its purpose for the interim, but it's far from ideal in terms of typography and legibility.	1
I never got my package even though it said delivered. Seller please contact me	1
After working out for sore muscles	2
Excellent series but is not all in Spanish	1
I have used the "generic" needles, but I will always come back to BD. They are not thin, and are suggested by my medical team over seas. They cost a little more, but are well worth it. I do not toss after each injection because I have found that these last up to three uses. So bang for buck with me. I get more use, and just feel better using these. I am NOT a medical professional, but I have had Type 1 Diabetes for almost 34 years now. Will NEVER use anything but BD	2
Toxic odor! Okay...maybe it's not toxic, but after 3 months 'airing' outdoors, and then through 2 months of use, it still gives off a nasty odor. If you're at all sensitive to smells, this is definitely not the mat for you. On the plus side, my bath floor has a very fine texture to it, and this mat doesn't move.	1
I was really excited about this mirror, but ultimately disappointed. The light dimming feature did not seem to work well because when I dimmed the lights they would quickly flash like a strobe. It made it difficult to do makeup with constant flickering. The second thing that did not work was the tilt. I would tilt the mirror upward and it would fall right back down in a matter of seconds. It would not stay in place unless I held it	1
It was very soft easy to comb I liked it so I would give this hair piece five stars	2
to expensive, at target they sell them for 12 bucks.	1
Got this clock to replace a small white one (that had finally died) in the bathroom. Turns out it's perfect. Even though in the bath, it needs to be quiet as I'm very sensitive to ticking. This one is super quiet. It has a cooler retro look than I expected! The clock didn't need to look great next to the sink but it does, and the black sort of goes with my dark soap dispenser and lotion bottle. It feels solid and is keeping good time so far.	2
Tops are loose and don't stay on.	2
Less than 60 days into use it’s completely broke.... won’t turn on, won’t deflate etc.	1
Tom & Jill are back! Yes the couple from Slaving is back and now it’s Valentine’s Day. My third read from author Allyson R. Abbott. I got this longer tastefully written book back in November of 2017 & am just getting around to reading it. I’ve enjoyed both books I’ve read by this author & will definitely read more by her. (RIP Marley January 20, 2014 - July 24, 2018).	2
I bought these just to kick around in on the weekends running errands, and other non-athletic activities. They are cool looking shoes, my daughter thinks I’m a pretty sporty dad when I wear them. Unfortunately, they are not comfortable at all. I thought the foam soles would provide lots of cushion but they are not cushy at all. I didn’t return them because for the price they are still decent shoes for what I need them for. Had I tried them on in a store first, I would not have bought them. That is the danger of shopping online for something as important as shoes.	1
Easy product to install , was shipped with in two days	2
I just replaced my ink cartridges. The color cartridges work great however the black cartridge will not print. It’s outside the return window so I guess I’m stuck with it. Probably won’t order again since one did not work and not waiting until I run out of ink to order to make sure I can return it if it doesn’t work.	1
I was excited to get this because it was so pretty but it was missing a part and I tried to call to get the replacement but I ordered it on a different type of Amazon which isn't affiliated with Amazon which is weird but they wouldn't help me so I am sending this back and in process of a refund please do not buy this from a third-party buy it brand new I made the mistake of buying it used trying to save a couple of bucks but it was missing a part	1
Works great, until it gets wet. I’ve never submerged it, even though it claims to be waterproof. Just from getting splashed when next to my sink, it stopped working.	1
So far I like this item. It works with my phone which has a thicker case and seems to grip well. Although I haven’t went on a long drive yet. Con: the weight of it makes the vent rotate down that even the adjustment can’t overcome. So I put a dark screw in the vent which stops the rotation. Just put it between the vent slats. This isn’t a BMW just a Ranger so I’m not looking to impress with my engineering.	2
WOW, knife feels amazing. Very good balance. Wood on handle not perfectly flush with metal.	2
Good quality. seems very durable	2
Like the product, doesn’t drip, smaller version is good to keep at the table for seasoning salads and I keep mine on the countertop and because it’s easy to pour I use it to pour the oil when I cook instead the big bottle which has a big hole in it and always pour more oil than I wanted. So far I recommend this product, happy with purchase.	2
Item arrived on time and exactly as described.	2
Two of four cords stopped working after a month. The remaining two died within the second month. These are absolute garbage! Conveniently, there is no way to contact the seller and there is a 30 day return window.	1
I gave my hyperthyroid cat two drops in morning and two at night for about a week, this morning she was sitting up in her box so I gave her another dose, came home a few hours later to find her in a lethargic state and dying. Pretty sure this killed her.	1
I can do spin without hurting!!!	2
Awesome solar lights but stopped working weeks later	1
It's nice having a barrier between me and my mat, especially when I have to borrow one. The non-skid texture really helps keep the towel in place, it's lightweight, durable and easy to launder.	2
Good but it arrived without sling	1
I purchased this based on other reviews that it is very quiet and the fan works well. Unfortunately this fan is too noisy and is not effective. I am returning it.	1
Great set of flags for Super Bowl or for a football party for kids or even adults. These are better than I expected. They are about 10 inches tall and very sturdy. Very good quality flags. Great to put around for decoration or stick in food dishes. Definitely recommend!	2
Nice glasses. The seller is super cool. I would do business with them again. The shipping date is accurate.	2
Actually purchased this for our dog that gets very cold in the house during the winter months. There are wide stitching along the blanket edges and I was concerned that it would not hold up under aggressive use.	1
The plastic box that holds the kitty was broken and busted up. The kitty inside the broken box was in half with parts loose and falling out. Deplorable presentation for a gift to my son. Poor quality control.	1
This says can be used in coffee, well you can if you enjoy clumped up chunks while your drinking. It didn't matter if I stirred or shook them either. They are really gross, and Id rather have my money back because this is a waist of $58 dollars if you ask me.	1
Still leaking which is why I replaced the original one.	2
Initially the gloves are great. comfortable and the suede is nice. but after only a couple rides the seam by the thumb split open.	1
False advertising. This is not a floor mat. This is a giant mouse pad. Wish I would have read the reviews. I'm so disappointed.	1
Not as nice as I expected. It does not have the labradorite deep colours.	2
This thing fires QUICK, and doesn't take a terrible amount of time to load either with the auto-loading feature (albeit, it's pretty noisy when loading the darts this way). Not taking off any stars for the noise, since the convenience of being able to load it while in a battle with darts from your opponents is great. One gripe about this blaster is that the light seems to never go off when a magazine is loaded, which probably wears the battery down. Maybe it does go off and I just am too impatient to find out, YMMV. Be aware that it takes 4 D-cell batteries, but they seem to last a reasonable amount of time.	2
Exactly the size, color, weight desired to reward my wife for her hard work in preparation for our church apple festival. She loved it and remarked that the chain was just the right length and very nicely made.	2
I never recieved my product	1
The material in the book is well structured and explains terms and strategies in layman's terms. There is definitely an information overload for beginners so I would urge them to take their time to read and understand concepts.	2
candice as always had that wonderful balance of being sweet and dignified without sarcasm. The character of Tim is disarming and almost believable. The wisdom of the innocent is what is attempted here, it works most of the time, but a suspension of belief needed to sustain it throughout. a fantasy of hope, an attempt to give hope to the lonely and limited. A modern fairy tale. and yet it was relaxing and enjoyable to watch if you are a fan of Candice and have sympathy for the story line.	2
I would give this product a negative three stars. There is an old adage you get what you pay for. The black cartridge repeatedly failed. I was continually cleaning the printer heads via the printer in order to print a document. My printer would print one or two documents and then out came a blank sheet. After two weeks of this frustrating experience, I ordered an HP black printer cartridge and no problems since I installed the HP cartridge. Would I recommend the Mony cartridge? Never. update on review The manufactured has been responsive to my problem, their customer service skills would rate 5 stars.	1
Easy to carry everywhere	2
Excellent image. Would be 5 stars but included the wrong sized nut.	2
I am a die-hard Logitech fan, love all of their products- until I purchased this headset. The first 3 weeks the headset seemed like a really a really great purchase, then the beeping started. I looked for troubleshoot tips online and some of them works for a short period of time, while others did not resolve the issue at all. While using my headset I constantly hear the low battery beep, EVERY 15-30 SECONDS! It is noticeable enough to that using this headset has become such a nuisance. I have read many troubleshooting tips directly from the Logitech forms and they preach to keep your firmware up to date and the beeping will go away- well, that not true at all. I wish Logitech would release a firmware update to fix this problem instead of making me, the consumer, have to constantly update firmware and uninstall/reinstall software. I really would advise you to go with another headset until Logitech fixes errors on their end. This headset seemed great and had all the perks I was looking for, it just fell short with the troubleshooting that is obviously on their end, due to the number of reports I've read of people experiencing this same defect. Do NOT purchase this headset, it is not worth the headache!!	1
I really enjoy the bed & breakfast series and reread them frequently. Clam Wake was a little slower than the rest but still enjoyable.	2
They seemed like a great buy, however they showed up and were too loose for a normal outlet. I plugged it in and just kept fighting for it to charge! Such a disappointment	1
My cat starved herself for days out of protest. She wouldn't touch it.	1
This is a decent shaver for the bikini area/nether regions. On the legs, it's not a very close shave even going back and forth over the areas. Im disappointed with that and usually follow up with a razor. I got it for the bikini area and it's okay. Not awesome. Easy to take apart and clean. Light enough to sit on top of the charger (while charging) and not fall off the wall.	2
I bought this for my 2.5 y/o but my husband loves it too. I like that it has atleast 20 different options. It is easy to use and it is fun.	2
Single Mom with a mystery habit looking for love can it get more dangerous. The best part is so funny you have to read it to believe it.	2
Fine for the price and looks pretty authentic..	2
Nice really put and extra bling on the car	2
I purchased them for an ankle and I was able to strap them on outside my walking boot, but now we use them on our backs and they stay in place while I work! Such nice relief!	2
I love the color variety in these! So many different shades. I was worried they would be too similar but they're perfect. They snap just enough to stay in without hurting my daughter's head when I take them out. She can get them in by herself too. I'll be getting more as gifts for friends with little girls!	2
Color was more Teal than the blue shown	1
As you get into the bag they are split and broken	2
The new improved formula tastes terrible. So different to the products that don’t have the “NEW IMPROVED FORMULA” label on them. Really disappointed with the flavor.	1
They don’t fit my 2014 F-250 and more than likely won’t fit anything you have. And they are as hard as a rock.	1
I love Shea butter. I was glad to get this product. I divided it into jars to make it easier to use. I used to use coconut oil as a general moisturizer, but it left a weird odor on my clothes after they'd been washed. The Shea butter doesn't. I only wish it were whipped as whipped Shea butter is lighter, and the application of it is far easier. You have to work this product into your skin, it takes a little time to apply. But other than that, I really like it.	2
worked ok, still had to scrub quite a bit	2
the ones i ordered came bent, another girl i know had more rounded ones with the same exact number, and another lash artist loves hers so i guess order at your own risk.. i returned mine	2
In case you're utilizing 1 lb. Of solidified ground hamburger or wiener put 1.5 c of water at the base of the pot, trivet inside, with meat over the trivet.	2
The blonde color was yellow. Did not match hair color at all	1
It was a gift my nice loved it	2
did not heat as well as I expected cost too much to return it so I was stuck with it, do not order anything from amazon if they are not the seller	2
I get stopped all the time from strangers asking where I got this. It’s a cute wristlet and holds enough credit cards to make this an everyday wearable phone case.	2
Thought I would give it a try since I love Axe products. The quality seemed fine but I just didn't like the feel of it on my skin which is probably a personal preference. I have thrown mine away. My review is more on my personal preference not the quality of the product.	1
I broke the lid on my coffee grinder and was looking for a comparable one. This it it! Plus the bowl is WAY bigger than my old one. We usually just grind enough for the french press, but it is awesome to have enough capacity to grind coffee for a full pot in the big 12 cup coffee maker (when company is over or something) without reloading. The black is nice with a combination of matte and shiny. you can also see the stainless steel bowl through the clear lid, so it fits with my other "coffee area" items which are all black and stainless.	2
I originally loved this case. It is light, but durable and looks very nice on the watch. However, if you exercise, the moisture gets between the screen protector and the watch face. This creates bubbles and eventually the touch screen will no longer work with the case on. You then have to remove the case (which is easy), dry it off and re-install. Not ideal, but not great.	2
Very good product. Nice color. We got the large one. As it turns out this is real piece of rock therefore very heavy for a typical lamp. The only downside is that it’s not as bright you would expect from a lamp.	2
Expiration date was only a few weeks away.	1
Didn’t do what it says it does. Didn’t find any relief	1
It has a soft bottom.	1
Horrible. Just horrible. What an inconvenience. Isn’t even recognized by my brand new iPhone 8. Getting a refund.	1
works well, great value!	2
This bracelet appears very nice at first but tarnished quickly turning my wife's wrist green!	1
Beautiful work nice colour very good quality	2
Incredible sound and design! Comfortable as all get out! Engineers are smart people- these ones outdid themselves.	2
I purchased this toaster for its quality, functionality and appearance. The quality had proven to be excellent as is typical with Cuisinart appliances. The functionality is good. The selection buttons in front are tiny and a little awkward but they are rarely if ever used. The appearance is a definite plus. It's available with either black or red plastic sides. I ordered the red and it's a dark rich color not a bright garish red. The gleaming stainless steel center pieces are beautiful but they show every spot and are challenging to clean. I haven't needed a toaster cover before but got one immediately to keep toaster protected when not in use. Strongly recommend a cover.	2
Quieter mixing balls. Seem durable.	2
Wonderful easy to clean shaver. It’s more cost effect to buy this new then just getting new blades. Shaver washes under tap water so cleaning has been greatly improved over older styles.	2
Matches dishes from Costco perfectly	2
A little hard to get the hang of with the straps, but still super cute. The fabric is a bit thin, but I still really like the print and will be keeping it. Fit perfect as well.	2
This charger doesnt seem to charge either of my Nikon batteries completely. Luckily, I have a compatible car cord for this charger, because all this is really good for is to maintain a charge on the go.	1
This did not come as a ball.. it came already fluffed as if someone had already played with it. Probably is a knock off as others are suggesting. Awful packaging, the box was all torn apart. Also took forever to get here. did not receive it by Christmas as the seller indicated. Please don't waste your money on this scam	1
Loses all stability as soon as some water has been used. When empty, deep creases develop that appear to weaken the fairly thin, very pliable plastic. I had ordered several, the first one I tested leaked from the spout when closed. All were returned, and I used one gallon water bottles instead. Those also had a better hand grip.	1
It's just a piece of leather and some stropping compound. I was hoping the back would be suede but it looks likes it's bound to some cloth. But it's about as expensive as the compound alone so I really can't complain.	2
Don't waste your money, these pans are total pieces of junk, after following the directions and only using them one week, the copper material is bubbling off the bottom. A total waste of my hard earned money.	1
Was expecting something a little bigger but it does what I’m wanting so it’s a good buy if you want something to take around with you and easily draw	2
The bag arrived quickly and in good shape. The issue is the bag is light gray and not black as shown in the listing. I have the same bag I purchased 5 years ago and it is black (exact same V-6 model), so I expected a black bag as shown. The bag is fully functional, but the interior of my vehicle is black and I ordered the bag to match the color.	2
Where do I begin? I purchased this sheet set to go along with a new comforter. My bed is a Queen. However, I chose to purchase the California King size just in case the sheets ran small or would shrink upon me washing them. The problem is despite the packaging saying it is a California King it does not fit my bed at all. The material is cheap and the fitted sheet ripped at the seem. This was a waste of money and a complete disappointment.	1
I purchased this app because my firestick is low on storage and I dont want to delete ALL of my apps. I have no idea how to use it, came with no instructions what-so-ever. Therefore it is completely useless to me.	1
I literally just finished reading the novel that this film is "supposed" to be based on. I know the book is better than the movie 99.9% of the time but this way, way off. I'm well aware of the inhuman treatment of Irish women at the hands of the Catholic church but this movie made the relationship between the priest and the main character something that was not in the book. I really didn't like the movie at all. The acting was fine and if you've never read the book maybe it would be okay.	1
I thought they would be the big pieces of ribbon candy that I remember from childhood. They are much smaller and not like the candy I remember. They are also a little odd, sticky, like they got heated up some...they taste good, just don't look great in a candy dish.	2
One came with broken leg	1
This was easy to operate. Tried on multiple party goers. Seems very accurate as looking as battery is charged.	2
These batteries are terrible. I just changed the batteries in my two smoke detectors for the first time in seven years. The Duracell batteries had finally gone bad. One smoke detector started beeping the low battery warning the very night that I put these Maxell batteries in. The other one lasted three days before it randomly started beeping at 3 a.m. These batteries are cheap, but they're not worth disturbed sleep and lack of peace of mind. I'll gladly pay more for batteries that last more than a week.	1
I just ordered these PJs for my nephew and when the item arrived, one of the pants leg was shorter than the other.	2
This is convenient and can work well. However, it feels like it is less effective and requires higher doses than making my golden paste from turmeric powder. It also seems to take longer to take effect than adding golden paste to my tea. I make my golden paste using distilled water, turmeric powder, black pepper, (sometimes ginger powder, and holy basil), and organic coconut oil. The healthy fat and pepper combined with the heat of my tea yields faster relief from aches and pains.	2
Great Price for 2. Just what. I wanted	2
It was broken when we got it	1
I needed these to hold up some very heavy motorcycle riding pants and I should have known that they aren't really up to the task. For the money they're not bad but the gripper portion is pretty weak. If you just need to hold up normal pants/skirts these will probably work just fine.	2
Fixed my glasses, but be careful how you open the screw case. The tape was hard to see and my screws ended up alll mixed together. I am still sorting them. However, my glasses are fixed and I didn’t have to toss them or buy another pair! This is more than a lifetime supply.	2
The keychain was what I expected, great	2
It is a simple, compact amplifier. Audio quality is ok, not great. My biggest complaint about it is the range. The source has to be within 10-15 ft. Beyond that it starts fading out. It is good that there was an option to buy it without the power supply. Almost everyone should have an adapter lying around that could be used with this.	2
These work great on trimming tips (not a built out nail, just the glued on tip), they're so sharp so don't be reckless and accidentally lose a piece of finger. haven't had any problems with the blade breaking either. the instructions indicate the ability to create a well, or different shapes. I have been able to make it "more" rounded or square, but no luck getting a well. not what I was needing anyways so not a problem for me.	2
The firs time that i order something on Amazon and arrive incomplete.	1
Had to go through a few to find one that actually works well for what I do. It’s smooth and doesn’t stick so if you do any editing of any kind it’s perfect for getting those straight lines. Plus the color is so cute and perfect.	2
Very nice knife. Can't wait to use it! Delivered before the said date so more plus points!	2
Overall it’s a nice bag; however, the one thing that I do not the fact that one of the zipper I had to fix when it arrived and the zipper for the little pouch in the front makes a lot of noise when using it. But all in all it is a good bag. It is durable and the correct size.	2
This is a really nice lotion but I won’t buy it again until they change the bottle or pump. I bought this product several times but the pump doesn’t ever work and it is a mess getting the lotion out if the bottle. Otherwise the lotion smells really nice	1
I admit that I didn't read the description carefully, but it is a bit misleading since I have never seen 1 inch tablets to be sold for a pool. The pictures make the floater look like it is for a standard pool tablet. Also seemed filmsy in structure.	1
The oil medium had came open and leaked all over and was stuck to the foam in the box as well as the plastic underneath. It was almost completely empty so is unusable.	1
I am able to successfully connect and monitor with this from SmartThings hub.	2
The digital numbers stop working on the read out , now it’s a guessing game on the amperage	1
Its ight my phones case makes it to thick to stay so it pops out from time to time but slimmer phone cases it'll fit perfectly	2
Works good. I'm not a fan of that it's angled in on direction but it works well.	2
UPS delivered an open and empty envelope package to me. I was able to catch the UPS guy and he was amazed that he delivered an empty and open envelope package. I refused the “package” and contacted Amazon for a refund. I don’t want to penalize the product for UPS but want the seller to know what happened.	2
Red Vines are that special treat I remember having as a kid watching movies. I saw a great deal for this on Amazon, and had to purchase it. I have to say the value for the price (which was under 6 dollars) was incredible. I took off some stars because the pieces are not individually wrapped..and the vines were edible, but a tad stale. Still pleased with this purchase as it combines a guilty pleasure and my nostalgia!	2
Bought for my daughter as school back. She liked style and waterproof but after3 weeks, the straps broke and are unrepairable. There wasn’t way to notify seller on order page and see if there was a warranty period.	1
My husband makes the coffee everyday so my review for this coffee maker is that it makes great coffee! He says that he really likes the ease of preparing the coffee and the easy cleanup. We are very happy with the Barista!	2
doesnt cover the whole screen.	1
Strong magnet. Works well.	2
I wast my money i just buy few days ago first of all its really hard to Assemble and secound lot of score is missing. When we finish the assemble its damage in the corner.	1
I don't know if product is old and been sitting around warehouse too long, but both bottles are the softner is very think like paste. Clogging my dispenser in washing machine.	1
The wood is rather cheap for the value. Still a good gift.	1
Bought this for an introductory drone. Has to charge for hours for just 5 minutes of flight time, not enough time to really learn	1
I like it because is fits pretty snug but I don't like that I have to take it off to charge every time it's a struggle	2
This is a fantastic charger for the price. I just now found out that the iPhone 8 and onward can be fast charged with a USB-C PD charger. Paired with a good USB-C to Lightning cable the combo charged my iPhone 8 from 2% to 57% in 37 minutes. Towards the end of the charge- 90% onward...the charging speed is slowed- but this is normal for most chargers. If you are in a emergency situation or need your phone charged fast- this item will do it. Very happy with purchase.	2
Came quick, good packaging, cats are not a fan of the taste. But they are use to cheap stuff. I'm sure they will get use to it.	2
I got this as a gift for Christmas 2018. We already had a black one exactly like this. When we take both on trips, the black still has ice in it at the end of the day but the blue one only keeps it cold for a couple hours. Not sure why the difference but not very happy with the blue one. Since it was a gift I feel I should use it.	1
These are very loud! If that doesnt bother you then they are okay diapers especially for the price	2
Bought this for my teen daughter for Christmas. Opal is her birthstone. The necklace is lovely and the mission is great. She where’s it with her other trendy and cool necklaces. Thanks.	2
I like the varied colors and the bonus yellow tapes, but find the red print difficult to read on the retractable measures. How much they may stretch with use, only time will tell...	2
Doesn't sit flush around the edge which leads to cracking.	1
Received a ripped shirt!!	1
Product is not as advertised. It is made in China which lead me to believe it may even be dog skin rather than sheep skin as it is neither plush nor soft.	1
Great planter. Pretty color and keeps plants watered. My only complaint is that the inside planter fits onto the outside cover so well that it’s almost impossible to get them apart to add more water.	2
I find this game pretty entertaining but sometimes you run out of things to do, and it is no longer fun.	2
Very light weight- we love it that way. Finally a cover that's long enough!	2
Three bought but last two were too big for the Bodum press it was to be for. Horrible quality control.	1
this really does moisturize your skin very well. i personally didn’t like the lavender scent but it’s not bad and it definitely dies down in a short amount of time. even though the scent is strong, i would recommend!	2
Just got it and installed it. Directions are in German and we’re of little help. Thankfully, it’s not too difficult to figure out. One hinge at the bottom of the mirror came unattached and requires an Allen wrench/hex key to screw it into the mirror. Luckily, I have a set of those. Just pretty careless with providing English directions and the right tools. Not a bad light once it is installed, though.	2
nice top cool design BUT I Thought it came with the side windows for doors too, guess I read Side windows and assumed a complete top would..........................	2
Goes great in my newly remolded bathroom, matching the brushed nickel hardware etc.	2
Still come out of the ear canal when running , They're still good to use. Arrived as described with lightening fast delivery.	2
I bout these to organize clothes in my kid's drawers. These are okay. One broke right away when I tried to use it. The others are rather short and don't come close to the top of the drawer. I ended up doubling them up to keep clothes separated. In the future I will try another brand.	2
Appears to be what I expected, I have yet to install the product. However, when I do, i'll post an update!	2
I mean they are socks and you get a lot for cheap, they are almost scratchy feeling and they are pretty tight on the ankles, doesn't bother me but my limbs are thin so if you are bigger it may be too tight. They do what they need to do though!	2
Looks great, really fancy packaging, but my baby didn't sleep any better because of it.	1
Fits well, however the only thing to note is that the arrows are pointing to the direction of the air flow, not which side is 'up'	2
This is a very sturdy bag and holds all the bags nicely. Very easy to transport to our event in.	2
when these cartridges reach 10-15 % the print starts to fade badly, I found that I had to change them at 10% the OEM cartridges will print to 0 with no fading	1
Good value.. Good materials. Handy to have along as small as it pack. Great for extra pack...	2
I bought the almond blossom case and it is light weight, beautiful, well made, perfect coverage and protection and very comfortable to hold. 10 star!!!	2
As described. Fits like a glove and protects extremely well.	2
Short handles in proportion to the spoon end.	1
I, too, was skeptical, but taking Mind has perceptibly lifted the brain fog I was experiencing.	2
Does a great job of capturing that kitty litter that always seems to sneak out of the litter box! Large size is perfect.	2
I haven't used this yet, but I'm not exactly over the moon that it wasn't even a sealed bottle and feels like it's less than half full. I just hope it wows me.	1
This is horrible paper. Yes, it's tissue-thin, but the surface is matte and rough, the color is dirty white, and the edges are rough, almost uncut. I'd compare this to off-white packing paper except for its see-through thinness. I could never package a gift in this paper, despite its claim to be "gift quality." It's absolutely nothing like decent-quality gift tissue, even the cheapest stuff you can find at the dollar store. Returned.	1
This item won't hold a standard size role of bags; you have to get their own over priced brand of bags. Worst of all, even with prime, you can't return the item because it contains a "flammable liquid" I love the bag and sanitizer combo idea, but the execution was a flop. Also, a much smaller issue, the bottle the sanitizer comes in is really flimsy. It's almost like a slightly thicker milk container plastic and it detaches from the top part a bit easier than I would like. Not that big an issue when compared to the other one, but still something to note.	1
OK, the print on the plates etc. seemed to lack	2
Very bulky but expected as it is a portable battery	2
Seemed to help a bit. My dog gets anxious in the car. Was still anxious.	2
Very nice and great fit!	2
2 out of the 3 chargers died two weeks after I bought them. 1 is still working but I had to order more chargers from a different brand because, since the other two went out, I'm expecting it to die any day now.	1
They stick out from the wall significantly more than the standard, mainly due to hard corners whereas the classic has more of a bevel	2
Cheap material.... but looks ok	1
Description stated 2 pillows would be included. Only one was in package.Quality of the one pillow is good.	1
This stuff is the real deal.	2
This was difficult for my Grandson to understand -clarity in speaking isnt very clear. He lost interest in it in 5 minutes, I returned it	2
body had a lot of dings in it	2
Very small and we can’t use it to tie any item..	1
I tried to purchase this item, however the seller ended up shipping me a necklace. I tried using the necklace to stop the bleeding, but no luck. 1 star for the necklace and 0 stars for the seller that does not do returns or refunds.	1
Don't bother. I knew "whodunit" about half way through. I finished the book but was annoyed. Also, there are a few times where the wrong character is referenced. That's just shoddy editing.	1
Don't working, returned to seller.	1
Was supposed to be buy one get one free. Was not	1
Quality wasn’t bad for the price. A lot of the reviews suggested to size up, but I found it to run true to size. I am 5’6, 110 lbs, and a 32B. The small was slightly large, but fit overall	2
My first one of these had a bad pixel, so I returned it and got another. The new one came in April. It is now August, and my projector will stay on for a whopping 30 minutes before shutting down because of overheating. They have a guide that tells you to not use the brightest setting (begs the questions why there's a setting you can't use), but using a lower setting makes virtually no difference. It is crazy to pay so much for a product that works so poorly. I put the picture quality as 'poor'; it is great when it works, but if it's black most of the time, not what anyone is looking for.	1
Product is great, easy install, easy to set up.. everything went perfect! HOWEVER I’m super upset that after 3 uses out on my boat. They no longer work. They have water damage.. no clue how. And these are suppose to be marine speakers. They have never been rained on or sprayed with the hose.. nothing. Now my nice boat speakers sound like garbage.	1
My 2 1/2 year old great granddaughter really enjoys playing with this app. However, there are some glitches. I watched as she matched the correct vegetables but the voice response was incorrect. (Carrot when it was something else). This also happened on colors. I’m not happy she is being taught erroneously.	2
The description differed significantly from the real thing, notably that there is no pocket with a Velcro closure. A deal-breaker for me. Returned it at once.	1
Product was affordable and quality was good.	2
Sturdy and looks great. I like the brown leather color. The handgrip for holding the iPad is elastic and very flimsy. The 12.9” iPad plus this case = heavy. This hand slot does not give a confident grip on the iPad. Otherwise, I like the look and the stand function very well. Happy with the purchase.	2
They work but the internal rechargeable battery doesn't last long enough to play a game, they also look and feel pretty cheap	1
The shoes boxes were ok. Some came to me broken and I had to trash them. Some I could not close properly so I had to stack box on them to hold them down. Over all, I will not be ordering these again.	2
Looked great- followed directions to a T. Sticks to wall- doesn’t hold soap. With bar of soap product falls off the wall.	1
Was really excited after installing it - was everything I was looking for. but after only 2 months, the chain mechanism has failed and i can no longer roll up my hose . . . not sure if it's purely poor craftsmanship, or I got a "lemon". Going to contact Liberty to see if their customer service is any better than their product.	1
Trimmed down to fit my table. Helped transform the room for my daughter's fairy themed party.	2
Receive only one bottle + the color was not even in the assortment, the way they stated if like , I would receive multiple of 6 colors bottle.. I will be returning this item ASAP..	1
I don't like the residue it leaves when it dries up. And the bottle says may cause cancer, so I feel a little uneasy when I get some of it on my hands.	2
I bought them once and really loved them so I ended up ordering like 6 boxes (about 24 packets). I've eaten almost all of them and am down to my last box, but realized today that these were expired before I even placed my order. Like what?!?! Luckily haven't gotten food poisoning yet but they really need to check their inventory.	1
Dissatisfied, tastes diluted (very).	1
The case is ok no problems is as expected.	2
Lots of accessories. Had to find a plastic box to hold all the stuff. The plastic box the cameras is in, doesn't have a bottom once you open it, so its just a recycle. "user manual" in very small print, hard to read. Would be nice to have a link to a real manual. Hard to identify pieces and what they are for. No information on usage. Can't say if it works or not, as the memory cards (I ordered separately) haven't come yet. Took a while, bu I figured out how to open the box, and the camera.	2
Great quality! For reference I am 5'5 140lbs and bought a small. Love the detail on this shirt. Isn't see thru at all. Washes well (hang dried it). Definitely recommend.	2
Absolutely LOVED this jumpsuit! I was looking for something unique for my business photoshoot. This was perfect! Just enough stretch. It can be worn with or without a belt. The belt definitely gives it an edgy look!	2
Didn't work, electrician who installed thought it was defective, unsafe.	2
Works great for my Fire tablet	2
doesn't work. thought I might be doing something wrong, but tested multiple different ways and nothing.	1
It read that it runs small, so I bought a size up. It’s perfect except I didn’t get the hat!!! Such a bummer	2
Very quick ship. I like the belt.	2
The Lacey top layers are coming off.	2
This is a good coffee. Not great, but quite good. It appears to be freshly-roasted and has a nice taste. I will probably buy it again. I'm no coffee snob, and this coffee is a good price and I am quite satisfied.	2
Hello so I’ve suffered from plantar fasciitis for what seems like forever now. In my right foot the pain is more severe. Anyhow I’m comparing this purchase to Airplus Plantar Fascia Orthotic. The Airplus is cheaper at $9. The Airplus offers me more of comfortable support at my heel with a more gel like material. This insert is less bulky and allows more comfortable space for my toes in my dressy flat shoes. This will be fine for for my Dressy shoes however the Airplus for me is much more comfortable and supportive and cheaper.	2
Not a huge fan of the scent. I like cedar and sandalwood separately but can't seem to smell either in the soap. The soap is woodsy but not in a specific or pleasant way.	1
Very nice lights, easy to handle & easy to use!	2
These pants are great, only had them for a couple of weeks but fit great. I have two other brand of tactical pants, which I like, but these ones are the best so far,	2
Poorly designed mirror....the gooseneck part isn’t strong enough to hold the weight of the mirror. And the mirror is curved too much therefore it distorts the magnification. Can only see clearly a very small area on the mirror. And of course the gooseneck went south a couple of days after the return by date.	1
Just as described, I love the links and the crystals! They are beautiful! Exactly what I was looking for!	2
They sent me faulty product, I've looked over every piece of hardware and I'm certain it's the motherboard but I cant refund it now that I've tried to use it	1
Never received item.	1
I bought this item for the drill tapered gauge portion of the tool. The angled surface was not cut or stamped straight. I will need to machine the surface true on the milling machine. The only reason I bought this is to avoid spending $40 or more dollars for a name brand. Product is not made in the USA but I expected that from the other postings. It was only ten dollars and will give me a quick project to correct the problem.	1
Different model. The charging light has a different tone of green.	2
Broke within a week.	1
I think the dash cam works fine. I had a hit-and-run and dash cam captured the entire accident but unfortunately my rear cam capture the accident and the quality is really bad. I can not read the plate number. Can anyone help me read the plate number? Thanks	1
Cute,but has a tendency to fall over	2
its an average charger and not a fast charger. Don't expect something great.	2
Cute. But it was delivered bent.	2
The item was broken and the fluid was all over the inside of the package. When I tried to return it, it says it’s not eligible for returns.	1
1 of 2 items was damaged and leaked inside packaging. You can use your imagination how the cardboard box fared soaked in motor oil. Post office had to delivered it in a trash bag. Contacted amazon and replacement is in route, hope this one makes it in one piece.	2
I really like the fact that there is an on/off switch. I wish the applicator would fit into a regular soldering iron holder stand rather than just the little wire stand. Other than that, everything was great.	2
the pleats are non existent. pretty much just looks like a wrinkled white duvet cover. the pillows and bed skirt that came with it are nice though	1
I bought this thinking it would be better than my $70 one. I was wrong. This is prettier and quieter, but it's also dumber and it doesn't clean the rugs very well. It was constantly getting stuck on things and sometimes after charging it for a couple days when I'd actually go on to use it it would die within 20 minutes. I still use it because I don't want it to go to waste but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I'd buy something more expensive hoping it works better or to start off with something cheaper.	2
I love this bra! the bamboo fabric is soft and very comfortable. The cup inserts are removable, but I am leaving them in for now as they help round everything out. The shoulder straps are comfortable and don't cut in. I wear a 38C bra so I ordered the Large and it fits perfectly. Will order again!! The elastic banding under the breasts is not itchy and uncomfortable like an underwire bra is. And it is softer than my Barely There bras I had been buying.	2
have used this product for years....great price at Amazon	2
Rating refers to time Amazon takes to ship a "Sold and Fulfilled by Amazon" in-stock item once order is placed; 3 days for std & 5 for free shipping. Non-Amazon experience is same day to 2 max, typically 1. Also, it is not apparent how to contact an Amazon rep to check status or discuss a concern, unlike non-Amazon purchases. Will take this into account when making future purchasing decisions.	1
2000 Tacoma. As noted in other reviews, the double sided tape is affixed to the wrong side of the plastic deflector. If you try to attach the deflector as shipped, you won't be able to close your window... and if you do, it takes the deflector with it.	1
Clings to my face during inhale, which is necessary to keep dust, etc. out! Easy to breathe while I'm wearing it. I wear these during flu season, not because I'm sick, but because I don't want to get sick. Last year the flu shot was only 30% effective, I didn't get one. Wearing one of these masks prevented me from getting sick! So what - I couldn't care less what anyone says or thinks! LET THEM STARE - TAKE A PICTURE, IT'LL LAST LONGER!	2
I found the theme of an alien invasion consisting of the taking of every individual on the planet Earth by means of teleportation to be unrealistic. I read the entire novel and was left with a less than positive attitude toward it. I declined to read the rest of the books in the series.	2
One battery works great. One was dead on arrival. The one that works is a great replacement for my OEM battery. The other is a paperweight.	2
I only give the bats 4 stars because i wish they were all bigger size. Otherwise they are very beautiful and stay in place well, does not peel paint off your wall!	2
We ordered two of these. One of them didn’t work so we requested a replacement. The replacement arrived in a timely manner but it didn’t work either.	1
Way smaller than I expected. Returned.	1
Not touch sensitive at all. Taking it off.	1
Ease of installation	2
What I recieved is not what is pictured completely. The bags are correct, but I got a 3 point shoulder harness instead of 4 point. The belt just fits me and I wear 40 in waist pants but product details states up to 46 in. The belt also is a single hole not double hole as in picture. Besides that, it is still usable for me, just can not put on more weight (good incentive lol).	2
Went out in less than a month.	1
I was really pleased when I first got this battery but three months later, and it's worthless. I need to order another battery but I'll be choosing a different brand. 3 months	1
Good buy - quality & quantity. Terrible packaging though. Virtually no instructions. Had to try several tools and methods to open lid which was very very secure. Not good if you need product for health reasons/injuries. Could have hurt myself trying to open.	1
This is my third blender by Braun. But this time the small chopper's lid has broken that has never happened before, and I was surprised that the warranty covers only the motor of a blender. The price for a replacement lid is almost the same as the price for the whole chopper attachment.	2
Flavor from the pellet is really mild but is good. The pellets burn really fast, I was actually quite surprised that they were gone so fast. I would recommend these for cooking chicken, turkey, fish, vegetables, pizza or anything you want just a mild smoke flavor in.	2
Well 4 of the handles were broken. I asked for a refund. I purchased other ones at Walmart since I needed them. Today they sent me replacement ones. I do not want or need them.	2
Very enjoyable quick read. Unique and entertaining.	2
We needed something to organize our water bottles and travel mugs. This works great! They fit in the cupboard well and left just enough room to store our extra reusable straws to the side.	2
Awful product after 6 mos failed to open with both finger print and code access. Have to input it multiple times (10+ try’s) for the door to open.	1
I honestly didn’t like the material & it runs big. The color blue looks like purple... or maybe I’m just color blind.. no but seriously it didn’t look blue blue.	1
I got my old one broken. And this one is fine with use. My mom can open can now	2
I go to the pool a lot so I keep my phone in them. I also use it under water when I snorkel.	2
I did not like the fact that it did (and still does) make it truly difficult to manouver the on/off bottom.	1
very light like toy with cheap plastic, didn’t sweep much like what they advertised, still need regular broom or vacuum to finish the job. So why bother use this one	1
It'd It's just OK. I know it's a small battery-powered fan, but I thought it would be stronger.	2
Returned, runs small across bust.	1
I have a bookcase filled with craft books. This one has helped me take my stories to the next level.	2
Great fizz, and it was quite a large sized bomb. It also released bubbles which was awesome! Not a lot of bubbles, but some. Down sides, the fragrance was very overwhelming for me especially because it turned out to be a sort of bubble gum/cotton candy smell. I ended up tossing in another bath bomb I had that was rosemary scented to counter the thick sweetness. It also stained the tub and turned the bath water a muddy blue/gray - no pink anywhere. Still, it was a cheap add on, had higher hopes but glad I only bought one.	1
It's a nice Concept, However, it didn't work for me. The middle setting doesn't keep the wax ready, the wax gardens on this setting and I had to turn it on hi, which made the was too hot, and it burns. I finally got some was on my leg for it not to work. Didn't pull any hair off, it just made my leg hot, cured and hardened and pulled it off as instructed. Not happy with this purchase. It's going in the trash.	1
It's fine for homeowners work, its useful for any project around your house	2
I have never been so disappointed in a company as I was today! The item they sent was labeled Anise but in fact was Oolong tea!!! Don’t buy this product as it is not anise!	1
Love it! Only problem is that the adjuster doesn’t stay where you put it, so if my pup pulls on it, it loosens. Otherwise, great buy!	2
These Gloves have a rather strong smell of Rubber, which seems to stay on my hands after using, even when I wash my hands. I put them out on my Covered Patio where they are shaded, and after awhile they get a Whitish appearance on the fingers if exposed to the elements outside. I can see it on those that are just at opening of box.	1
I love this crisp white teapot for making a smaller amount of tea - - for one or two people. I use it every day and it is easy to use and clean.	2
they call this pull up assist bands , which indicates its more then one, and the image shows also a set of bands, but you will only get one of the smallest. very disappointed!	1
This is a single headband only, not two headbands, also the price on the package UPC from the manufacturer is $5 less than the price of this item.	1
There are 4 caps to each 1 order. The description was NOT clear about that.	1
Better quality than dollar store products. Loved it.	2
what can I say , yes I do believe...	2
Exactly what I needed and perfect color spectrum	2
These are pretty nice for what I'm going to use them for. Good quality material.	2
Do we get a second chance at love? A chance meeting. Several missed opportunities . A good book to read at the beach.	2
Wish they included a longer screws though	2
Bulbs look good but there were 6 in box that didn’t work on arrival. Since they arrived in July, 6 more have blown after being placed into the strand. Maybe we received a bad batch....?	1
Ordered a tinted they shipped me a clear one	1
My biggest issue was the package. I normally dont write reviews for my Amazon purchases. But this was so disappointing I had to write a review. The product came a day after it was supposed to which is not the companies fault I know that. But if my package is late atleast make it look acceptable to the eye. My package came in a big box I opened it then saw the box the wheel came in. Lifted it up and everything fell out of the box, the box was so damaged and falling apart I would be embarrassed if I sold that to someone like that. I felt that they dont care about my purchase and just threw it in a box and shipped it out.	2
Really tight to put in IDs/credit cards. It's pretty bulky because of the Deadpool emblem, but what I got it for lol	2
Hose came as described. Doesn't take up space, very light, expands to it's maximum length. Strong.connection does not drip. Bought to wash car. Very good for the price.	2
The taste is pretty awful. Not gonna make another cup. Might be good for ya... but I'm not gonna drink it. Blood RED and tastes terrible. Oh well.	1
I was looking for cheap but pretty decorations for my daughter's evening backyard wedding. I found these, easy to assemble, LED lights worked well, Received many compliments, everyone wanted to know where I found them!	2
They work great, but I wish I can reuse then. They give real hard time lighting it again after one use.	2
I found them easy to use but the tree had a hard time working. Sometimes it would turn on and other time not at all. Was overall disappointed in the item. The description picture is fairly close to the actual product. just wished it worked better.	1
It’s just ok. It takes some effort to get the unusual shape inserted, and requires some maneuvering to get the right angle. Even then, just ok. I like the basic plastic, non-vibrating option better I think.	2
Haven't even had it for a year yet and it's falling apart. Horrible quality.	1
We use them to monitor computer time. The countdown is perfect because there's no guessing or fishing for extra time. The only negative is that the battery seems to go fast and the sound of adding time is loud and gets annoying. Overall, they work great for the purpose of what we bought them for.	2
Pretty fun read! It is reading and an RPG at the same time.	2
Not everybody likes to play so, so terribly fast. I'm going to delete now. It was a negative experience for me. Sorry.	1
I find the hoodie soft and comfy but torso size is smaller than expected since the arm length is as long as expected for a size Large.	2
This touchup paint takes about three coats to cover a chip from rock? Fingernail polish would probably work better?	2
They came in mostly as expected. As the other reviews say, the gold is not as shiny. But overall I like them.	2
Silly name but baby likes it and stays on his hand	2
Don't really know. Still haven't received it. Takes much to long to ship to U.S.	1
Small and virtually useless. I suspect these are meant to humidify a small bag of marijuana and not a humidor of cigars.	1
Plastic is brittle and it broke the first time I used it.	1
Both lamps arrived packaged together, very well secured, however, both missing stems to hold lampshades which make them unusable.	1
The ball is tiny and made of a thinner plastic. The net frame broke in the first week (when the kids tried setting it up).	1
Very nice and bright	2
Love the product, but they sent me the wrong one.	2
I ordered this in August. Not only have I not gotten it but I haven't received a refund either. Do not buy anything from these people.	1
Campaign was great, wish it was longer. Multiplayer seems to be more of the same.	2
not the best in music	1
The backpack was perfect and good quality but bag inside was horrible the first day I got it i went out for a hike with it and got water all over my back from the bag leaking , now I have to order a new one from a different company .	1
Hard to seal after inflating & doesn’t hold air well.	2
I bought and paid for this item but never received it. No explanation was given nor when I should expect it delivered.	1
The book is very engaging and intelligently written. Jason Kirsch is highly credible and he explains with great detail. I highly recommend this book.	2
I ordered 2 of these. While putting one together for a donation to kids in need tomorrow, there were missing bolts. No time to return because it has to be turned in tomorrow.	1
I bought a pair of these back in August and have been using them every day at work. They make a world of difference for me, and if I forget them at home one day my eyes really feel it. Most people in the office thought they were real, prescription glasses and were surprised to find out I got them off Amazon purely for staring at the computer screen. I've never had an issue with the quality or anything like that. I'm actually planning on buying another pair to keep at home.	2
This is a good book a guy learns he is dying so he tries to tie up loose ends and gets closer to his family, I would recommend this book, I won't say what he is dying I don't want to ruin or spoil any thing. Author Rex Bolt does a great job at bringing the characters to life Shauna	2
I got this as a gift for my grandson - looked like a great set online - I liked the price and I liked the variety of stuff included - I liked that it had wheels - HOWEVER, when it arrived, the box looks "used" - the box has tears where the handle connects - the box was not sealed. it looks like it has been opened several times - not overly pleased with that . That is why I didn't give it more stars If the box looked new and sealed, I would have given it 5 stars, but I'm suspicious that this set has been returned. Bummer!	2
I purchased this for my husband. He's always misplacing his wallet, keys, sun glasses, etc. He picked a place to put it when coming into the house and so far is using it religiously. I hope he continues to do so. It is very nicely made and looks modern and clean and is nice enough to have sitting out in the living room with his stuff ready to grab and go.	2
The handle gets stuck, I thought it was going to work like the one I purchased from Bed Bath and Beyond, but it doesn't. This one was less expensive, but I was better off going back to Bed Bath and Beyond. The price was good, but the product wasn't.	1
I am mostly pleased with the pillow. I do wish it had aome kind of strap..I do not feel it says where it should throughout the night. I didnt order one with a strap cause i didnt think I would like it...maybe a removable strap for thise whi want it and those who dont.	2
This item was returned last November. Don't know why I haven't received my refund yet!!! Won't buy from this merchant again.	1
I loved the look of this bag but the quality is poor. 2 of the zippers are broken, I’ve had it for 3 months. It’s too late to return or exchange.	1
I had relatively high expectations based on many positive reviews and was disappointed. I see a fairly cheap attempt to make this headset look like a quality product. The first thing you see is their failed attempt to create an "unpacking experience" invented by Apple and used by many companies these days. The headset comes in a plastic case. Getting this case out of the packaging foam is a challenge. The foam is very dense, like rubber, the case is slippery, and it sits in the foam very tight. I banged on the box, I turned it upside down - to no avail. I ended up prying it out with a screwdriver. The second challenge is to open the plastic box. I almost gave up and was close to returning this headset because I could not figure out how to open the case to get to the headset!!! First, it is not clear from which side it opens. There are no markings. Secondly, it is not clear how to open it. No, it would not open from just a gentle pull. I opened it after a number of failed attempts using a quarter, with the risk of breaking the whole thing. It turned out that one has to squeeze the box really hard to release the plastic latches, and while squeezing, open the box. On top of that, one has to somehow remember on which of the two sides the box opens. Hold on, it gets even worse! The headset comes with a very short micro-USB cable. Absolutely critical accessory to charge the headset. You need to always have it at hand and preferably carry it in the case, as most phone chargers are no longer micro USB. But there is no room for it in the plastic case! With some luck and with some wiggling, you may be able to somehow squeeze it into the case and close the lid - but this comes with a risk of breaking the headset or damaging the case! Once you are past this disappointment, the rest seems to work. The volume of the headset is on the low end. I had to set it to maximum to get a decent level. It sits on the ear fine. Sound quality is fine. Connection to the phone was easy. Cannot comment on long term reliability or battery life yet. The device seems to be fine, but the packaging is a disaster, the case is a disaster, the one who engineered it all should be fired. You feel from the moment you opened it that it is a low end, junky "made in China". I do not know who wrote all those positive reviews and what motivated them to give 5 stars to this product. My recommendation - look elsewhere. It is not a four or five star product by any means.	1
I purchased this for my John Deer tractor/mower and couldn't be happier with the product. It was easy to install, it's lasted as expected (I've had the battery for about six months), and was delivered as expected.	2
This book has been found from a facebook groups where its sharing for swaps about gathering reviews on it, So I am so sure about this book is containing paid reviews on it.	1
Very nice looking product	2
It’s as cheap as anything. Falls apart as soon as you get it wet.	1
I like the cup and how it flips open so easily with pushing the button but incredibly THIN metal but it works for now.	2
Not only is it the worlds smallest container, its also not even a full container. There is enough to do your nails once and then that's really it. I could do my kids nails MAYBE because they have very small nails. Though it is nice, its not worth the money paid.	1
Generally like this author as a good story teller with great descriptions of characters and setting. Plot kept me reading, would have given it a5 but the ending left me hanging...	2
it really dont work!	1
This dress is very low cut. I wore a black bralette and it was perfect.	2
Lauren Carr really impressed me with The Last Thing She Said. I loved how she wove characters from previous books and series together, and tied them into a cold case mystery. The humor in this book is laugh out loud. There are plenty of cameo appearances by Gnarly, Sterling, Storm, Thor, Traveler to keep the animal lovers happy. The references to Robin Spencer, Mac Faraday, Archie, the Geezer Squad, Chris Matheson and his family all kept me happy. The book is a gem with so many facets. I loved the mystery of Mercedes Livingston and her husband, the romance, the twists, and of course the canine crime boss!	2
They were cute but one arrived broken. And I wasn't able to fix it.	2
Not much power or flexibility	2
Great movie cat found someone who loved her for her. She broke her out of her shell.	2
The part you put your mouth on is exposed at all times. Not too sanitary.	2
Good for the price but I can't give it 5 stars just because my pit did in fact shred them almost immediately. BUT the strands don't fray horribly when it's torn up.	2
these pads are not like the ones I purchased before.These are cheap rejects! Will not purchase again!	2
It says on the description that it’s NEW but I got a used one. With name/initials on the back. Seems to be working. Has all the add on (disk, battery and cord, screen protector).	1
Came with two holes.	1
I don't see a major change but ill assume it works. Taste kinda bad so I try to swallow fast.	2
Good quality product	2
Only gave 3 stars for a few reasons. The case is extremely hard to take off, which would be fine because it's seems like a very good and protective case. The problem is the charger does now fit, and I could not possibly open it every time I need to charge it. Disappointed by this but It does seem to do the job if it was usable.	2
This book is very relatable! Thanks for adding a character of color! I suggest adding more.... I love all you books!!!!	2
I bought it to use on adjustable split king bed. It did fit but would have had to use bedskirt pins. I decided it wasn't what I need right now. Will keep it in case I later decide to use it	2
Unless you’re making egg salad with your eggs, this is not a good product.	1
Great tongs for a great price.	2
It does not appear in person as it does in photo. It is very thin. Wish it was fuller or at least looked like the photo, worked for what we needed but would not purchase again.	2
I went with these because they were cheap for two. They are more comfortable than another kind I tried, but they don't stay firmly in place and I don't think they'll last much longer. I've had them for about a month.	2
I like the product, but did not like the white powder coating it left on me no matter how much I rubbed it in I was still left with a white residue on my skin.	2
condition and quality are very good	2
Not great ,not strong enough to produce good fries need to send it back I don’t think it’s the one unit I got I think it’s a super cheap made in China	1
Good sturdy quality product...nice touch to our reveal party.	2
The major tools- scraper and cutters are pretty good. The scraper is the most durable but the cutters bent a bit with careful use. As for the shavers...they are more or less dentist tools with very shallow fittings. One of the shavers came completely apart first time using. Quite disappointed.	2
Not exactly what I was looking for. Not big enough. A little difficult to assemble when it't concerns a fragile item.	2
My niece asked for a ton of these for her birthday. She loved them all and was so surprised with each new one she got!	2
this does all right, but is not the best. you definitely have to work on adjusting the sensitivity to get any kind of accuracy, especially if your house has bundles of wires that run parallel for any distance.	2
VERY VERY FAKE CONTENT !	1
Pretty stupid to have a folding chair that can’t fold :(	1
Doesn’t keep out allergens as I had hoped.	1
Poor quality, cant hear anything	1
True to size, the material is nice and soft. Bright red is color the picture does no justice. It really is a beautiful piece	2
Great cups, worked perfectly for our smokey mountain honey moon! :)	2
This CPAP cleaning system uses UV light to disinfect which is fine. The problem is that you have to completely disassemble your hose, mask and water reservoir for it to work. The SoClean system is much better as the entire hose, mask and reservoir is disinfected at one time WITHOUT taking the CPAP unit apart and sterilizing it piece by piece..unless you have nothing better to do with your time. I sent this UV unit back and it cost me $10 in shipping so I'm trying to save you the time and money ordering this. The ozone smell will quickly dissipate once the mask and headgear is removed from the SoClean unit which they state as a problem...NOT.	1
I love this brand except for this bag it came in the mail and the color of the pineapples were truly terrible	1
I LOVE it thank you so much it looks perfect	2
comfortable holding feeling, very clear adjustable reading window. The Teflon Coating make it looks new longer and last longer. I use it a lot of times for brewing different kinds of beer and cider. Great refractometer and great price!	2
I wonder if it works, it doesn't have that nasty salty taste. It feels like I'm actually having real flavor water, shame it don't come with come servings i wanna drink it with just every meal. Now all I need is to test it against keto strips....	2
Too thin at the bottom. Had to return it.	1
Arrived quickly and is working well. So much faster than having to use my computer.	2
I always enjoy the Bosch books, and this was not an exception. Connelly does a great job of keeping the heat up and making the reader look forward to reading it.	2
I thought it was go in ng to be rhinestone but it was just silver with a design on it. From far away it looks like rhinestone but its not.	2
Love it. Perfect and exactly what I wanted.	2
The lid leaks and does not have a vent hole. When you have hot liquids in your Yeti it pushes the lid up (since warm air expands) and causes the seal to break. I was trying to get around spending money on an actual Yeti lid, but I learned my lesson. Will pay for quality.	1
Markers are barely usable, very weak thin lines.	1
My dog chewed his side with stuffing coming out on the first time that I game it to him.	1
1st part was good, but follow-ons were predictable or too out-there to be believable. Entertaining and moves well but not memorable.	2
What a beautiful novel. I don’t normally cry, but this story was so heartbreaking; you’ll just have to read it for yourself. I’m no musician, but music is the heart and soul of this novel, and important to understanding the motivations of the main characters. The passion of music, the discipline, the creativity and craftsmanship required to be really good at what you do, was mirrored in the writing. Needless to say at this point; I loved this book. The narrator of the story is a young, emotionally wounded musician and violin artisan, who has unfortunately fallen in love with a man who has proven himself to be incapable of monogamy. He does, I believe, really love her, but his passion has no boundaries and in the end she has to choose, and she does. I’ve never read anything else by this author, but I will seek her out. Such a powerful novel. If you are a passionate soul, it will not disappoint.	2
I LOOVED this. I know most of the reviews say it but ya it's way better than you expect. The power of the leds is amazing, super bright light, you can switch it between cool and warm light and and through different intensities.	2
Damaged my ultrasonic difuser melted it	1
I love love love these spoons! I wanted something fancy to add some metallic (I bought the gold) to my coffee bar without cheapening the look. They are small but fit within a normal-size coffee cup and just make me feel fancy when I use them. I have not noticed any wear or discoloration which I was afraid of being they were on the inexpensive side. However, I do not dish wash them, I always hand wash and then immediately dry them to prolong their life. They would be a cool house-warming gift in addition to maybe a tea set or something cute like that. Love them!	2
Rose is much smaller than it appears in image.	2
Had what looked like dirt inside the packaging. Did not use them!	1
Seems like these would be comfortable but they are too thick to be used in any of the shoes I was hoping to use them in :(	2
The car seat is not the easiest to use and it takes a lot of time to get the baby buckled in but having nothing to compare to so maybe that just normal. The care seat base is fine (easily snaps into car seat without any issues). The stroller is also fine, although I wish I had bought a stroller with built in front cover like some of the others which are available.	2
It is Exactly what I was expecting. Which is a good thing. I am leaving on a trip at the end of the month and this backpack seems to be great for traveling with. Going to the Airport it will fit my Laptop/Tablet and all my travel accessories. Quality Feels great and is as pictured. Seems comfortable to wear & is light weight with the breathable straps. (Be aware) That unlike other backpacks with built in USB ports that have the cord already installed. This specific backpack requires you to feed the USB/Mic lines into the designated areas. It was very simple to do and seems to hold in place well. Highly Recommended. Disclosure: I received this product for free or for a discount in exchange for my unbiased review.	2
Personal use. The cord string could be a bit stronger, I used previous one which works well to prevent breakage.	2
Liked the product so much, I bought a second one for my son.	2
After reading through other reviews and saw most people ordered their normal sizes I decided to do the same. I am usually a small in everything so I ordered a small and it is too tight! I see photos of other reviewers in a small and it looks great but it was way too small for me. The off the shoulder smocking squeezed my arms and I have very thin arms! I am very thin in general! I love the way the dress looks but wish I would have gotten a medium, or even a large! I may just cut the sleeves off and make it a sleeveless dress but even on my small boobs they look pretty squished.	2
Bought this to actually hold our war bathing suits. It's fine for a short period but I found my book bag to be wet after walking around with it more then an hour. My other bag never leaked.	2
Wasn’t sure if this was going to work and the label was a little misleading (we thought it was a citronella collar) but it’s gotten our husky mix (v. vocal...) to stop barking save for the tiny bark here and there	2
I felt this ran a bit small, but still fit ok enough for me. Great for the price, I own 3 of these. Pads that came in the bra have absorbed all my leaks.	2
Defective it was definitely a resold item. Not happy	2
This is my first purchase from Total Mount and I am very satisfied with the product. I also purchase Total Mount's 2 remote holder and that too is a great buy.	2
Arrived, but item conditon isn't what's on the picture they were separated & Not in the best state hopefully the battery's are not dead for replacing the real time clock in my Pokémon emerald cartridge. Will update on the quality & if there's any dead batteries. Packaging was decent but item condition is sub-par. Almost looks used but that can't be true.	2
Very disappointed with this purchase... not only is the material of the pants very stiff (Although stretchy though the waist), but terribly wrinkled from top to bottom. I am 5’4 and 125 lbs, and while the pants would have fit perfect with ankle boots the inseam completely bunches down the whole pant leg. I chose the smallest size for my small figure, but it truly isn’t flattering or professional in the slightest. Will be returning these today.	1
Love that it locks into place, has a buzzer to let you know when it’s done, but it still shuts off by itself! Made my hard boiled eggs perfectly! Also love the little handle that allows you to lift the hot eggs to get them to a cold bath...great little tool!	2
Very nice socks. I like the ones with the cross straps. However, when doing complex moves they tend to slip slightly, not enough to cause a problem.	2
Great for what I am using them for.	2
Didn't like the look on me. Seem very small.	1
After measuring myself, I ordered the largest socks you sell. I could hardly get them on my foot. So I have returned them. Is it possible I didn’t order the largest sock you sell? The many colors are fun and I wish I could wear them.	2
This product does not seem to charge the phone very fast.	2
Bag was open in mailbox May had been delivered, but was stolen	1
The lamp was defective and had to be returned. It was missing the metal part where you screw in the lightbulb. I did like the design, but you would expect quality control to notice that such an essential part was missing. Since they did not, I will not buy anything from this company in the future.	1
I like it but the elephant is much bigger than I anticipated. Because of that I will not be wearing :(	2
Very sad, received this product after being very excited to use it and do my nails just to open it and discover it is broken.	1
The product would likely be good if it didn’t arrive having been previously melted or melt in shipping. Just ruins the quality. Messy upon opening because the chocolate coating has been ruined.	1
It was cheaper at the wig store	2
I really wanted motivation and ideas for green vegetable based juices, not using fruit - I can put those in smoothies and get their fiber and nutrients much quicker as they don't have to be chopped to fit into my juicer.	2
Very nice if the source is near, otherwise the signal gets lost. I was able to save old Bose speakers thanks to this.	2
Easier to take with you on vacation or game night at a friend's or relative's. I love the game!!!	2
It works well. I recommend for you to use if you want to lose weight for a short period of time.	2
I have ordered thousands of items of Amazon. I received the package but the item was NOT inside.	1
I loved it, accidentally ordered 2, but it's just so short in the back, no butt coverage, and shrunk horribly	2
I'm glad I found this set. I have bad luck with pull chains and they break on me. With these extended pull chains I can easily put one of these on instead of a string that easily bounces up if pulled too hard. The wood part of the pull seems to be pretty decent. The chain seems to be pretty strong.	2
I was really disappointed with this baby clothes. Way to small, it can only be fit to a doll.	1
Every time I've tried to use this so far, I have had issues with it the power cutting out or the main brush on the bottom not spinning. When it stops, I try to turn it back on but it will not power back up. If I place it on the charging base, even for a few moments, I can remove it and it powers back on just fine until the next time it powers off. When it's actually working, I really like it. I'll be contacting customer service to see about the issue, I've had good experiences with Eufy's customer service in the past, so I expect that they'll be able to help me figure out the problem. When they do, I will revise this review accordingly.	1
for over the stove it is not really enough light unless you put maybe all 3 in a row...but excellent for over doors when walking into a dark room	2
I've been using the essential oils to help keep my mom calm and to help wirh her mood swings and now I'm trying to use them to help with her memory. They really help to keep her calm and it helps with the mood swings	1
Well enough made but shrinks when washed in accordance with instructions.	2
Got this for my daughter for Christmas. She loves it.	2
Not well made at all I’d spend the money to get a better one next time.	1
i ordered two brushes but got one and the second one was only box	1
This product got such good reviews and stated as one of the best for thick hair. Let me tell you this product does not live up to all the hype. The silicone tips pull the hair and it does not work well at all on thick hair. It was difficult to pull the brush through even a small bit of hair. Bad button placement. The buttons are on the handle so it is very easy to accidentally change the temperature. It is very light and has a comfortable handle, but doesn’t perform as expected.	1
I had to return it because my dog didn't really like it and would not stay in it. I really wanted to keep it but for the price I paid and my dog not particularly liking it, I have to give it only 2 stars.	1
It works fine, but the bristles are so stiff I feel like I'm damaging my teeth! The soft handheld brushes are much gentler. Had an Oral-b electric toothbrush before and will be returning to that.	1
This book helps me to learn about sexuality and attitudes towards it of different religions. There are practical ways to incorporate your sexuality into your spirituality in order to maintain balance, to be in harmony with your partner.	2
Does not take gel polish off that good	1
Loved these! I sprayed them white to go on my memory tree. My memory tree is all white and has an ornament for family and friends who are no longer with me. This was the perfect addition. They came with red strings and I just changed them to gold.	2
Not as bright as advertised nor operationally functionable either. I’d rather bought another Petzl Nao+ 750 lumens which is twice as bright as this light with more functional usage.	1
Nice wallet...but it will set off metal detectors. My last RFID walet did not.	2
i bought 4 of these batteries to fit inside my dewalt power station. they all click in perfectly, but after a few months of sitting and not being used, one battery doesn’t work anymore.	2
i have them in on shepherd hooks in my side flower bed. I like the size and shape-- but they burn through batteries quickly.	2
During assembly found a key hole in unit poorly machined. Had to add 3 washers of my own to get screw to tighten down. See photo. For a product this costly should have been tested at factory.	2
It was fun while it lasted. Which was maybe a week. Now, the light is on like it's charging but it doesn't actually charge. Big waste of money as it can't be returned now.	1
Worked for 4 months and then completely stopped working without any abuse at all. Total waste of money. I'll never buy this brand again, nor will I ever buy one from amazon again... especially now that I can't return it. I'll be buying another one, but this time I'll be going somewhere local where I can actually return something for more than 30 days...	1
Way fast filtering. Clogs at about 150 or less litres......lol, not 1500! So you will need to keep buying often if you filter much.	1
Its ok. Only fits on the "outside" of my hose, so I can only use it with extension. The original fit inside AND outside so it also fit the flex hose coming from vacuum.	2
Banner came with incorrect letters. Wasn’t able to use. Highly disappointed	1
My product arrived early, hooray! Unfortunately, it was missing the shears. I called the number that was given to me on Amazon’s website and it was for Cuisinart. When I called Cuisinart, the customer service representative (who clearly did not want to be at work today) told me to send an email and I would have to wait for a response 10 to 15 business days. Great. So probably 2 weeks for a response, and I don’t even know if they will replace my missing item. Great customer service. They didn’t even apologize	1
i really liked this rack, however it did not work on my bike because i don't have enough seat post available to attach it to. I will need to get a frame mounted rack instead. i am returning it.	2
My cake held up well on this and is was a good board	2
It fits and looks nothing like the photo	1
I’d give this show 5 stars if I didn’t didn’t have to root for the cubs to enjoy the movie. If you can stomach that, the show is really good.	2
These work well. I mean, they’re light bulbs, so what really is there to say. But they are a much better value that at Home Depot or Lowe’s.	2
Very easy installation!	2
I like the phones a lot. They were very easy to install and set up. Sound quality and many functions, including intercom and transferring calls internally are good and easy to use. I had one base with a charging wire out of place, but it worked after I bent it a bit. They offered to replace everything, but I didn't want to take them all out and send them back, especially since I got the fifth base to charge.	2
Bought the xw and they were still too tight for my little one (he wears xw in saucony and m width in New Balance). The shoe was lightweight and looked nice, however, not for kids with a wider foot.	1
Quality product. I recommend it.	2
4 were broken 4 were great. 4 that survived are excellent.	2
I love this little boat! It is well made and sturdy. I put artificial running greens in it with 2 small bird nests and birds in it. I have gotten lots of compliments on it.	2
I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE PRODUCT STILL, PLEASE LOCATE IT TO BE DELIVERED TO US.	1
I am quiet pleased with these. Whereas I don't have any other "gaming" headsets to compare these too as I've only used cheap, off the wall, headphones before. But these are great. Light weight, comfortable, and pretty good sound. They don't block out noise as much as I had hoped, but they do have a much longer cord that what I expected so that was a plus. I can't comment on the mic as I use a separate USB mic, but the sound quality is decent. I enjoy them.	2
The texture is NOT silky, not too rough. I like this kind of straps because they are gentle on my neck and they become a fashion accessory. I rather prefer the ones with more soft or silk texture but this one is a nice pattern.	2
As described. Did not work as I has hoped.	2
Doctored up; this could be great stuff (mix it with peanut butter, or put some juicy fresh pepper mince in it). On it's own; as a topping for a pork chop; I'd prefer Tabasco brand chipotle. -That could be improved with doctoring also though.	2
Much better scent than the first two brands I bought. I actually have only used mine so far in my homemade nontoxic spray cleaner, but I will be using it recipes soon.	2
The mat is very difficult to take out of the container. And the mat is very easily creased.	1
Bought 2 sets both sets - that's 4 cables all died within a couple weeks. Stay away from this one	1
You get what you pay for. This item isn't as perfect as an actual $100 smart watch but it functions well. It glitches and closes out sometimes, but it does what I wanted to do, and it has a camera which is pretty cool	2
Cups are completely uncomfortable, press on the chest because during socks the top rises up and also slides a little aside. I will not order the second one.	2
It made my room brighter and made me more organized and pure, thank you very much.	2
Complete fail. Did not help at all.	1
I am pleased with the comforter, good quality, bright and colorful just like the picture. It's a bit pricey would have been more worth it had it come with a pillow case. But my daughter loves it.	2
This vanilla isn’t any better than the vanilla I get from my natural foods coop. Kind of pricey.	2
I trust the brand, used previously. this supplement is the best I've tried so far, among the turmeric supplements. I'll stick to this one for sure.	2
Terrible! Arrived dented and hard to put together! Spend more money and get something better!	1
Great product. Bought a second one. And got the rest of my family on the same charging cable.	2
The keyboard i received was faulty. No power, no lights, no response to keystrokes. The drivers would not respond. I have 5 gaming keyboards and this is the ONLY one giving me issues.	1
I had a perfectly good backup battery, but now that I have to carry a million gadgets around with me this 10,000mAh battery is much more useful. It has enough to power to actually give multiple charges to a iPhone, Apple Watch, and iPad on a weekend trip. And Anker always has a good bang for your buck value.	2
Own a foliage green,black,and navy blue. These are a steal for the price. I use mine in combination with a condor thermo neck gaiter and it is the sh*t! I've got a big head and all 3 have fit great and come down over my ears.	2
Does not fit properly looks funny	1
I really like the fact that this bag gives you space for your discs. What I dont like is the fact there are no type of dividers to hold the discs in place. Overall, I really like the backpack bag	2
I bought a bigger size so I could cut different sizes for different uses around the house. I have this under my family room area rug, kitchen runner, and annoying couch cushions that kept falling toward. WORKS amazing under the couch cushions. So so so happy. Carpet doesnt slip but wish it added more cushion.	2
I never received the item I purchased. The status of the item says delivered... but was not.	1
People that call me hear a very bad echo. Horrible product. Complete waste of money.	1
The color is beautiful and the fabric is fine based on the price.	2
I just tried this for the first time and I love it. So easy to use.	2
I would love to give this train a 5 Star. My grandson absolutely loved it. I’ve bought because of that and both have broken. I should get a free train!	1
Was just thrown in a big box along with two tool sets. Pages damaged due to tools lodging themselves inside the book. Was supposed to be a Father’s Day gift for my husband! Not worth the price for a damaged book.	1
Comfortable and cushiony. But thick and to warm for hot days.	2
it was made of cheep plastic , fragile, and i use it to make EMPANADAS , IT ONLY CAME IN ONE SMALL SIZE , SHUD COME IN MEDIUM AND LARGE ..	1
perfect for bath time; baby loves it	2
Works good but the clip fell off after a couple uses	2
These were so small and cheap. I had hoped to use them for a project, but they're tiny and there's not enough.	1
The product is exactly as described, and my 5 year old grandson enjoyed playing with it. The negative comment is that it took over 2 weeks for it to arrive! I am a prime member who wished to have it in 2 days as a gift for my grandson, so I was extremely disappointed on the delivery timeline. Because of the poor delivery service, I gave 3 stars.	2
It's a shame the media reports I've seen focused on the part about her contemplating the removal of Ms. Clinton. This book is primarily and fascinatingly about the Russian hacking of the DNC and their impact on the election process. It's great to hear what it felt like on the inside of the DNC.	2
It took about 4 hrs to put it together. It worked best with an electric screw driver. Instructions were easy to figure out. Do not tighten the screws to much on the pull out drawer as it seems to come off track fairly easy. Looks really nice with my sleigh bed too. I would have given it five stars if the drawer wasn’t so flimsy.	2
Good quality. Very pretty. Easy to adjust.	2
I used it to touch up small scratches in furniture. It comes with a variety of tones/colors, as well as different types of markers and pencils, all which worked very well.	2
the flag I received was advertised as "Flag Proudly Made in the U.S.A. ". Received the flag today and I has Made in China on package. I did not order this flag. very disappointed . I paid more for the USA flag and did not get it. Plan to return	1
The case arrived with a broken kickstand. It won't open. That was the reason I bought the case. I needed one with a kickstand. Amazon refunded my money. The rest of the case was fine and I liked the color but I am not sure if I will buy from this company again. If there was a way to be sure that the item won't arrive broken...the maybe I would.	2
Love these!! Four stars just because of the price. They are a little expensive but so absorbant!	2
Very attractive but makes my tummy roll appear larger. Best for women with flat stomachs.	2
Go to home depot or Lowe’s. This is poor quality	1
I got two different sized left gloves. How do I get one of each sent to me?	2
Cute blanket, but after first wash it pilled really bad.	1
The sound is good, they are not easy to put on and not as light weight as I hoped.	2
Easy to install but doesn't hold sometimes	2
Bought this in Feb 2017 as a replacement to the faucet I installed Feb 2014. First one slowly clogged with relatively soft water. Second one lost the on/off button in 6 months of very minimal use.	1
My dog loves this food	2
Sizing is off. And it should of specified what size the g’s Are	1
German steel knife for 6 bucks? How can you go wrong?	2
Perfect fit. Feels nice with my g17 C in it.	2
Once again I thought the trailer for this movie looked pretty good and once again I was wrong. This is a no plot, no direction, and no talent movie. If you are having trouble sleeping lately and no sleeping pills are working you are in luck. For the cost of this video after 5 minutes of watching it you will be sleeping like a baby. If for any other reason you rented this pathetic movie you just threw your money away. () STARS!!!	1
Granddaughter loved them	2
Tried using last night for a moonlight race, with no moonlight due to clouds :). They throw light about 3-4 ft in front, nowhere near the 30 ft. I applied just like in the video on their website with the woman runner. Near the end of the 5K race, one was missing, had slipped right out without my knowledge. The road was an asphalt road but due to recent rain had twigs and moss in the path which was only lit with glow sticks on cones. The light from these helped prevent slipping or tripping and falling because of those small obstacles. I have emailed the company and requested a replacement light - just one, as I would use again for this kind of race. But I definitely will have some other lighting in addition to this for the next time, maybe a headlamp or knuckle lights or all three.	2
Black ink seems ok but color ink is horrible quality. It’s all coming out light, almost pastel colors and full of lines. Not at all usable.	1
Pretty and re-usable for decorations. Versatile.	2
Pieces of metal started to come undone on he top and cut me twice.... threw it away after a few days of wearing it.	1
Did not stand up to my month old Siberian Husky. It is not chew resistant.	1
First books were significantly better	1
Works "ok" I guess... Nothing compared to the "name brand" ones... Get what ya pay for though.	2
I’ve use this for LED lighting and they were OK. If they are outside in the cold and you tried to disconnect the connections the plastic will break.	2
I was really loving this until I got to disc 21 and there are no readings. Music abd background sounds only. What a dissappointment as it is blasphemy to add or remove from the bible. Disc 44 the proverbs are mislabled.	1
Leaks from cup and cap. Have others that are great but bought two off amazon and they are horrible.	1
These are very nice looking. The only problem that I had was that there were two wide knives and only one would fit in my knife holder.	2
Sturdy case, great for the beating my 5 yr old gives	2
Great price, good quality.	2
This was purchased for my friend. She says it is easy to raise and lower and holds her monitors and the keyboard well. She is very satisfied.	2
Chain is way longer than pictured making it difficult to adjust on finger... Already lost one ring because it will slip off	1
Siding with other customer reviews, the results never match with the color chart. Our family of five has been testing everyday for the last couple weeks, and each time, it involves guess work.	1
it works but it really hard on your hands and difficult to use. If you get the knack of it it will work for you.	1
worked ok for 10 months then would not turn on. Waste of money.	1
i wasn't sure how to apply this little device. when you buckle up, fold it over both layers (shoulder & lap) of seat belt and snap it in place. then you can slide it across the lap belt bringing the shoulder belt down and away from your neck & chest. no more shoulder belt choking your neck or rubbing against your chest!	2
The box was crushed. I will avoid buying from this seller on Amazon again when buying. Every other pop I have ordered has came in protected with bubble wrap and air packets - not this one, it was just thrown in a box and shipped. I accept the possibility of slight box damage but this one looked like it had been sat on and the shipping box was perfect - meaning it was probably crushed at the seller.	1
The screw and the bolt cannot be bolted together as the inner threads of the bolt are damaged hence the camera cannot be fixed to the hand grip.	1
Great product, easy to assemble and gold finish is superb!	2
This product was an unexpected pleasant surprise. I just needed a small straightener for my beard and this exceeded my needs. I like the design, the box it comes in makes it easy to store. Also the complimentary oils it came with was appreciated.	2
Broke in half after one month. Although I have friends who have bought 4 of them and are very pleased with the product.	1
The bottoms fits perfect but the top is huge ! It’s like I got the wrong size . I would return if I didn’t really need them ASAP .	1
I was happy to add this to my personal collection. The size of "bracelet" was large for a woman's wrist. I definitely needed other hand to fasten or to remove. My only complaint is that there was absolutely no edge to blade on arrival. It was essentially a hidden screw driver until I had a moderate edge put on it by a professional sharpener. And I will wear it when I am camping.	2
The best expandable hose we have placed our hands on. Tough built.	2
sandpaper worked fine in tough spots to get at	2
Great product, great price, shipping is a little slow.	2
It looks nice and it's really easy to install wht I don't like is the sensitive part I struggle with the touch screen also the fingerprint sensor doesn't know whit the screen protector.	1
I don't like the touchscreen. I am always hitting it causing pages to jump ahead. It is very slow to turn pages and not intuitive. I loved my old Kindle and have gone back to books to avoid this thing. It is really awful. I wanted so bad to like it. The backlight is nice for reading at night but I would much rather have my 5th generation back.	1
The size was not accurate as described.	2
Very satisfied with the price! I paid extra for 1 day delivery, and it arrived on time!	2
I Love it.... it works...you have to figure out drivers for windows xp	2
I have bought and trusted Plano tackle bags for a long time now. This bag definitely does not disappoint. the bag is stitched very securely and very well so its not going to fall apart. it has more then enough space to hold all of the tackle that I carry with me when I fish. The shoulder strap is long enough for me to cross body carry the bag which makes it super ideal for bank fishing because your hands are free to carry fishing rods and what ever else you need to. The bag does hold up to 4 3700 size boxes pretty easily.	2
Looks good except for mounting bracket. Should be designed so that rain gauge could be above mounting post to prevent splashing of rain.	2
Good board horrible longevity tho i got one originally and nose was damaged good customer service they replaced it for free and let me keep it that first board the tail broke off mid ride after 6 months the second one only lasted about 7 until the layers on the tail began to split	1
While this adapter works it does not allow for charging of your iPhone nor does it allow you to control the music from the console you must use the iPhone itself causing a distraction while driving. I would not recommend this product.	2
It is a great value, but they are not labeled with the DMC numbers for coding. Had to wind up getting a DMV color chart and try and label them all	2
The material is ok, the brand is good, but mine is already breaking into pieces in some areas. For a few dollars more you could buy a better option from the same manufacturer. My wife has a beautiful one that is brand new compared to mine.	2
It looks great but I think the metal is a cheap.	2
We’ve used it for the past 3 months and haven’t had any issues. As expected it’s basically a chalk board surface on particle board. Wanted a better color palate for the chalk so we didn’t use the included ones. The chalk is easy to remove with water, noticed an occasional residual image of the removed text. It shows well in the milestone pictures. Size was as expected. Nothing fancy but gets the job done	2
Cheap made, wouldn't buy it for free.	1
I used them to make centerpieces for my sisters baby shower.	2
Leans sometimes and the sun discolor a little so far, but the led is an awesome touch and like the storage ability and chemical adjustment	2
My order was sent to me with one empty container. There is a no return policy so, I could not return. Excellent product, terrible distribution.	2
The second film of Halloween by Rob Zombie and it was all right. It's like a fever dream mixed with gore and psychological to boot. The plot moves at an all right pace and Laurie's home life was interesting. Prepare for foul language. Again, an all right film.	2
The first dongle I received did not work. Their customer service people sent a replacement right away and this one worked immediately after a restart. It seems to work consistently without any trouble after a few days of use. So when this product works, it seems to work well. I suppose they need to work on their quality control a little. If you're okay with maybe having to get a replacement, I'd say go for this one. previous review The one I got is not functional. It will work as a bluetooth adapter for a few minutes and then just stop working. I'm trying to set this up on a brand new modern PC so that probably isn't the problem. I've tried multiple ports, restarting, the works. I used to work in IT and now work in software so I could get this to work if it was possible.	2
This mirror was a perfect fit for the Chevy S10 pickup truck. The installation took about 30 minutes with a helper. A replacement from GM would have cost about three times as much.	2
Good for standing, stairs and walking. But not for sitting as a deep crease develops behind your knee and affects circulation	2
It’s a good bracelet. The rocks look very raw unpolished. Some have little holes in them. The color was definitely very dark. I was disappointed because I specifically looked for a light butter color and got something like dark cognac. The clasp screws in place very securely, safely and easily. It has always stayed in place and has been easy to put on. Next time I buy one I’ll try a different seller.	1
Some spray settings are lame....likely would not buy again.	1
Kinda cheap. But it's all for show.	1
Only comes with one cap. Picture shows 4.	1
Well packed. Arrived in a nice box suitable for gifting. Look great in my home coffee bar. Unfortunate that people are leaving negative reviews on this product based on the size which is clearly listed in the description. If you are looking for a regular sized coffee mug, this is not what you are after. These are small espresso cups. Don't down vote a product because you ordered it without understanding what you were ordering.	2
It gives itching all the time.Some people says it is good if you take a shower and use it & dry it with hair drier but it doesnt help I dont recommend	1
Cute bathing suit but the top was larger than what I expected and bottoms were a little tight	1
The quality is good for the price	2
This was a gift for my son, the material was a little thinner than I thought it would be	2
I bought this to use with optical drives. I tried everything and nothing worked. I used 3 different power supplies and still the optical drive did not show up in windows. I contacted support but no reply. After 7 days, I had to return it. Support contacted me AFTER I had already returned the product and gotten my refund. They told me that a firmware update is required to make optical drives work, but its a little too late for that info.	1
Nice cheap rechargeable headlamps. Even if they last only a month, it’s still a lot cheaper (and same quality) than the battery operated ones. Would buy again.	2
This was a well-made shoe but I will not buy a loafer online again because it is too hard to fit a shoe to feet without trying them on first. You take a risk of having to return them as I had to. They did not fit well. My feet were to wide for them.	2
Returned this without trying because description clearly stated 2 pack of 2, total of 4. I only received 2. Not a good value for the money when you only receive half of what you pay for.	1
Looks fantastic, but I had to stick it to the tank with tape as the stuff it came with just didn't seem to work. The sides kept curling back no matter what I tried!	2
I used this product about a week on my dog and it didn't seem to help at all.	1
Smelled wonderful, texture perfect but burned like hell! To the point it added blisters on top of infection. Very disappointed but will find another use for it.	1
The lens arrived without the lens foot attached. It was my understanding that the lens foot came with the lens. Is this something that can be shipped to us?	1
This is very soft an comfy for the child, but doesn't protect as much as I'd like. If he has an accident, the pee still end up underneath this protector. If anything it's just another layer of absorption. We have a Graco Slim Fit car seat.	2
Buttons very hard to use. Especially on the ends	2
I like the way I feel when I take, yet I have to see results in the way I look.	2
The color is darker that what I expected, need to use other lighter BB cream to put a thin layer on top of it to look better.	2
I replaced my old one that I had for a long time. This one lasted less then 2 weeks before zipper pulled off broken.	1
It is a very great bumper!	2
Looks like it could be a beautiful mirror but it came damaged. The packaging was not damaged at all.	2
Installed passenger side first, for great, but double-sided tape wouldn't stick. I had to add my own. Went to install the driver side, and realized they sent me 2 passenger side covers (yes, they are different). I had to grind down the back of the cover to fit it, and added more of my own tape.	1
Another page turner. I keep buying his work and enjoying everything. Keep up the good work. Ill keep on reading it.	2
Good for the price, finish is good. Only problem is legs are attached using single screw making it wobbly if not used properly.	2
One came completely broken. I requested a refund before the return date expired m, Amazon denied it. This came broken upon arrival. The shortest cord never worked.	1
The side pocket and material are nice however the pants run a bit small. I’m usually a medium in compression workout pants but these were quite snug and gave me a bit of a muffin top	2
These tools kind of work, but you have to be VERY careful! These stripped most of the screws on the outer case until they couldn't be removed. Basically wasted money for the custom case and tools because now I cannot take the Switch apart to put the new case on.	1
I love the combination of functionality and beauty. I will definitely be looking more at your entire line.	2
Great quality product. Does what it says it will do. This is my go to brand for all of the devices.	2
I was skeptical to purchase this considering some of the negative reviews concerning the magnet strength. I must say that I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this tablet holder right out of the box. This was purchased mainly for a Samsung Galaxy 9.7 tablet to be mounted on the Side of the refrigerator (Not the stainless steel front as it will not stick to that). The magnets are more than strong enough to hold the tablet holder, and the tablet firmly to the side of the refrigerator. It also can be used on any table or countertop with the pull out adjustable leg which adjusts the tablet for different viewing angles. For the price paid, I am extremely satisfied with this purchase.	2
I had a candle that was ylang ylang scented, so I thought I would love this in my oil diffuser, but it smells like sick people; you know, when you go to someone's house where a really sick person has been? Well, if you enjoy that smell- you'll love this oil. I just tossed the water in my diffuser out but I think the ylang ylang is in my nostrils now. So gross.	1
Brooke way too soon! It was hard to hit the up/ down button. Don't recommend it.	1
They are nice quality. I double checked the sizing and it was correct but after a few minutes they would come off. If they would stay on they would be perfect.	2
Ordered in September for my new 2018 F-150. Liked them till I recently realized the coating is peeling off already. I'm a female driving this truck. It's cared for and not driven rough. Very disappointed!	1
Not what I was hoping it would be. The pen part is a pain in the rear to use and at times it will not work with my surface pro. If you are looking for a great stylus this is not a great fit. With other products it may work differently. With my product this was not the case.	1
Not costly, but then again the workmanship leaves a bit to be desired, rolled hem stitches just runs off leaving a 2 to 3 inch string and sizing is a bit on the small size.	2
This scale will not stay at zero with nothing setting on it it goes up and down.	1
Came completely shattered bc the company didn’t put any packing protection in with a CERAMIC bowl!! Now I have to waste time dropping it off at ups	1
For the price and easy installation, this one is defintely a winner!	2
I love all H Potter products. This one is wonderful and very attractive.	2
It's not what I expected. I've decided to go to my doctor and get fitted properly to avoid issues that may arise.	1
This product did nothing for the inflammation in my knees. Maybe my symptoms are to far gone.	1
Product is average. Its very light and quality is poor. Usually such puzzles are of a much higher quality than this. Donot send this as a gift to anyone.	1
I bought the 12” desktop fan. I LOVED it at first. It’s quiet and moved a lot of air. Now, 6 week’s later, it sparks whenever it’s running and you push a button to change speeds or turn it off. It’s a safety hazard and I’m no longer willing to use the fan. Unfortunately, my return window ended 2 week’s ago.	1
It was smaller than I expected - definitely not 9.8 inches long. Still, I was able to make it work in my 10-gallon and it looks great, it just won't be one of the main features of the tank decor as I had planned it to be. I didn't mind that it leaked tannin into the water, but it does leak a lot; I've had it in my tank for about two weeks and it's still going. A good water change helps with the color and it didn't bother me much to begin with. However, and this is my fault I guess, I didn't boil it before I put it in the tank and it did develop white/clear fungus after a few days. This isn't harmful to the fish and frog I had in the tank, but it was quite unsightly. I also originally got it as another hiding place for my African dwarf frog but it turns out the guppies seem to like it more than frog does. Oh well.	2
My chickens are safe and I worry less when I go on vacation that the people taking care of them will open and close the doors for them in the morning and at night.	2
Works very well! I have had it for 3 years now and it is still running strong!	2
This warmer does not warm up; waste of money.	1
This is the first item I've bought on Amazon that is not returnable...would have bought from a competitor if I had known this, and still don't see where it states that. Did not work; waste of money.	1
Great game... I have this classic on my laptop with actual old cd disks but this is a great way to tote this classic with me. It's easy to mod this game some mods don't work but it's great regardless. I love it. It's interface is a bit clunky and I have to use my phone's stylus to walk around the game environment but overall...it is a decent port and fun to play.	2
Made it to my house successfully. Haven't tried. pills look big but look legit.	2
It's flexible & remains cold. I love this product. And it allows me to ice all areas at once. I'm a small person, but still wish it went down a little further. No big deal though. Works great for my tension headaches!	2
Clip broke putting it on my pants that could be upgraded. Also the kickstand is week broke it shortly after . The case and class are great for the price.	2
Fits fine and won't show under white or thin blouses so I'll keep it. Fairly comfortable.	2
Gave this a shot, and Love it, sands easy for a epoxy primer. Unlike most epoxy primers, that gum up paper, this sanded like a regular high build (baby's A$$ smooth!). Can be mixed 3 different ways as a sealer, primer or high build. Wet sanded with 600 grit and shot base. Kicks ass, and I've been doing this type of work for 18 years. Only complaint can came smashed.	2
It's good for electrolytes but hard to get it down. It will not completely dissolve. There is always a mixture in the bottom and is grainy when you try to swollow. I have shaken it until it looks mixed and it still won't dissolve. I shake it every time I take a sip of it. It still won't dissolve completely.	1
these are not exactly perfect for my need. the part that holds the rod can be turned and for me they aren't sturdy enough. they also didn't exactly fit my frame. they were pretty easy to use, although the turning of the clips is a problem, for me and makes them less simple that they could have been. If they had fit my frame better it probably wouldn't have been an issue, but, they also marked up the frame. I am going to switch them to the regular screw into the frame rod holders. they did work well to get curtains up in the window in a hurry.	2
This black little guy gives me a lot of convenience. It's a great card reader. As you know, it has four interfaces, no matter what your cell phone is, or what phone your family is using, it can be perfectly compatible, and its reading speed is very fast, which I didn't expect. Whether you work in the office or the game player, it can work well with your work. I want to give a great compliment to this product.	2
I love that this doesn't use extreme measures like people who are doing liver cleanses tend to use. I get worried sometimes about harsh products but this one seemed completely natural! Overall I was very very happy with it!	2
Look nice, price is good	2
I've been trying these for months and used several different battery brands. They aren't bright enough and they burn out ridiculously fast. Ready to throw them out.	1
I found it not to be as waterproof as I would like. Otherwise, it is o.k.	2
just received and opened the pro source exercise puzzle mat 3/4 inch - I ordered 2 sets of these mat squares. I was surprised to find one set (6 squares) had a wooden branch pierced through it - through all 6 squares! What’s really strange is that the box it was shipped in was not pierced. I ordered a 2nd set and while none were pierced through, one square was dented at the same spot as others (in the other wrapped set)- maybe this happened in the warehouse??? I hope that the seller sees this comment and reaches out. As there is not an option to contact seller in the amazon order history.	1
This app should have all free games	1
I like how this looks like my granddaughter’s pack-n-play. It is adorable! Will store away nicely till she comes again.	2
Perfectly Fit my 2016 Harley Davidson Road Glide Ultra CVO, even with my 14inch handle bars. By far the best cover ever, grips and covers everything.	2
When I received this product the first thing I did was plug it in to make sure it lit up and it did, but I did not check every bulb because it was still rubberbanded together. The flag looks awesome on our balcony and looks even better from below, but we did have a strand of lights out. It was a pain to put it up with zip ties just to see that a strand of lights were out. Attached are pictures that show what I believe to be the reason for the malfunctioning strand (manufacturing issue). We have another on its way, I just wish I would only have to put one of these up with the 20 zip ties we used.	1
Just as pictured. Prompt delivery. Yummmm	2
Not sure that it works. No way to tell. Had to write a review.	1
This is not my idea of a nice bar of soap.	1
I loved these boots at first, but they don't hold up that well over time. The buckle on the side isn't made of high quality materials and bends/breaks very easily. I guess you get what you pay for but they were great for a couple months!	2
you get what you pay for. fit fine but found some more expensive but well worth the money	2
Very sturdy, low price. Exactly what we needed!	2
small in size as compare to price	1
Had one leak on top when raining and had to seal it. Others were fine.	2
I barely used two times and already used up or dried out. I will buy this at off line store next time.	1
I think these would have been great, but unfortunately the feet are sewn together and they can't be put on. I think to cut them apart at the point they are joined would make them run. They were not expensive enough to warrant the cost of shipping them back. Highly disappointed as I had a specific event I wanted to wear them to.	1
I have never sweat so much working out til I wore this!!! Definitely recommend it if you're trying to sweat more than normal!	2
The stickers came off instantly. Many bags were tearing during the party. Not durable or well made.	1
Fits good! Looks good for a cheap costume!	2
I'm a big believer in magnesium and WANT to like this product. Mostly, I do. Except, she states that because of its form it doesn't cause bowel distress. Which has not been my experience. If I use anymore than a tsp per day mixed in OJ, my bowels explode almost immediately. Has anyone else had this experience? If so, what are the recommendations?	2
These are a great product so far. They do leak a little but my experience is glass will do that.	2
Pretty sure my son never even used this, not even as just a hat.	2
I have purchased these 3 seperate times and this last time the roll I received was not perforated well. Each sheet would only partially tear and I had to finish the rest of each sheet off with a pair of scissors. This is a pain when you are trying to quickly diaper a baby. I am going with another brand next time.	1
Didn’t last 6 months on my back window without fading not sure it’s even 3M. Poor quality	1
Wasn’t expecting such huge bowls. I have miniature dachshund and these dishes are not for small dogs. Good looking and nice quality.	2
Description said it will open a PS4 controller, did not match, have to return	1
They have an ok boxer brief but simple adjustments would make it a lot.better. Some of the colors go well together but the majority of the boxers are bland. The tag on the inside of the boxer has a loose end, so it is very itchy above your behind. They're a little tight on the upper thigh but overall they are soft. Outside of the tag, the waistband holds up well.	1
The case appears very sturdy and the color is gorgeous. I would prefer the rubber layer of the case fit a little more snug.	2
Only thing I don't like is that you can't charge it when its in the clip case. Oh well not necessary.	2
Very nice they work great for my dog that marks!	2
The spraying function is too narrow. The spray is immensely strong, while shooting very straight. It is hard to spread the spray out unless you have someone doing it for you from farther away that your own reach. Due to the strong spray and how narrow it is, the spray is too concentrated in one portion of my hair. It would be easier to spread out the hair spray equally in my hair without using too much if the spraying function is weaker.	1
I'm disappointed in this tunnel because the quality seems pretty low. The four tunnels need more support to keep them straight. As it is now, the material is wrinkly and folds in on itself. The cats went right in, but this would be so much better if it just kept it's shape. The tunnels are also narrower than our old one, which isn't preferable for our 12 pound kitties.	1
Good, but hard to put in and stay in your ear.	2
Looked like a good product but was too small.	2
Not only did this product arrive late (missed the birthday party by one day), I found the fabric to be somewhat flimsy and not at all cozy.	1
So far I don't feel better but I bought a second bottle. If I still have no energy with second month I will have to reevaluate my review	1
Great add in for many recipes.	2
The item has too many bumps on the edges! I don’t like that is look ugly. Request a refund	1
Poor quality shirt .when I received it cuts all over it and has holes	1
I have a big dog - German Shepherd. This nail grinder drags, slows down when trying to grind down his nail. I was only able to grind down the very tip of this nails. It may work on a small dog but don't wast your money if you have a big dog	1
Island of Grace is heartwarming and inspiring. We need to take our circumstances to Jesus, who wants to love and care for you, they can never be too much for God. The acting was well done and it is a clean movie-what a relief!	2
When received it was falling apart and I had to super glue back together. I didn’t feel like sending it back so I fixed it up myself.	2
Nice shirt. Fit well. Came with a set of black plastic buttons, as well as the regular sown on buttons, which is a plus if you don’t have a set, & no cuff links.	2
The item arrived with a big grease streak across the tail. I returned it.	1
It is very pretty. I gave it only four stars because it is much smaller than I thought it would be.	2
BIG White Ugly Globe! Very thin & brittle.Small blue light blinks during daylight.Lights are NOT Dusk to Dawn! They get Full Direct Cali Sun All Day...stay lit 4/5 hours! One has already broke beyond repair...both going in Garbage!!!Cannot return bcuz packaging thrown away!!!	1
Beautiful card an arrived in perfect condition.	2
Good fit for the price.	2
Need more work. Does not fit as described	1
It was smaller than I expected. It came with one corner broken off. I quickly notified Amazon and was sent another right away. The second one showed up with a chipped corner but I didn't bother to try to request another one because this is for my aquatic turtle tank and I knew he could not hurt himself on it. By reading other reviews I wasn't surprised that it was lighter than I thought but when placed under water, my turtle can move it around much more than I thought he could. I'll have to see in time if this is a pro or a con. I am concerned about the paint under it since other customers who used these in water said it began to flake off. I'll keep a close eye on it. But, so far so good, my turtle likes climbing on it and standing on it.	2
Fits as advertised. It's well-constructed and light. Surprisingly warm, especially as an outer layer in really cold temps. Good reflective patterns in all directions for poor light. One small complaint: the one back pocket is so deep that the top of it is above mid-back, making it awkward to try to reach into it while riding. On the other hand, the chest pocket is great.	2
Very quick and easy to use.	2
It does not seem to stay tight on the surface	1
Size is too small (by at least one size), and I went by the size chart. If it shrinks at all, sleeves will be too short as well as length. Size up if you’re not sure.	2
It seems to keep the "plumbing in good working condition...	2
I'm not sure if these arr helping. I don't see dead bugs in them, I bought 8 for the whole yard.	1
This set of iron sights for my AR-15 would not even clamp down tight on the picatinny rail Mike the owner or person I was speaking to not sure which he is thought possibly my picatinny rail was not in specification come to find out the Chinese sites that are passed off and sold as by an American-owned veteran-owned Corporation are actually from China as I found out later everything else dagger sells is from China he also told me to check my uppers make sure that was not what was out of spec in my opinion what is out of spec is passing these products off as American owned and yes I guess he is probably a vet but these are farthest thing you can get from American made products will never buy anything from dagger defense again	1
This product may not be the "next best thing," but I found it easy to use and certainly much cheaper than the Chanel I like (which I'm keeping...haven't made a final decision). One thing is that it takes ridiculously long to get. I've ordered twice and both times it took MORE than two weeks.	2
It's a square, seems to be square. Works as advertised.	2
I didn’t like bc the hair wasn’t as thick as I would have like it to be. It almost felt like it was blended, I’ve had better hair. It wasn’t the worst hair though. My stylist is a great stylist & was able to slay it like no other.	2
Dont spend your money on these boots. Mine lasted less than 1 year and I'm not overly rough on them. There are better ones for the money	1
My husband purchased this, to inject our turkey . It turned out SO GOOD! The meat was very tender , and flavorful!!!	2
I got a medium and it was way too big for me.	2
Product worked but the battery compartment overheats and doesn’t stay latched.	1
stopped working just after 2 months. Of course the return window id already closed. not happy with the purchase.	1
love the hair but it didnt last I had to stay wetting it	2
I read A Man Called Ove and enjoyed that book thoroughly. I was expecting something along the same lines---in terms of story, cohesion, ability to keep my attention. This book failed in every regard	1
I was initially impressed with this collar. It is sturdy and thick. I loved the metal clasp and the adjustability. The handle on it was helpful as my dog easily slips out of other collars. This collar lasted approximately one month. The clasp broke. I was disappointed to say the least.	1
Not all interesting, only worth a chapter or two, certainly not a whole book worth of info here. How many times can the same cities names be recited?	1
Bought it, never used it.	2
Made sturdy, used this to mount a tv in my semi truck, has held up better I expected	2
Did not realize this was only for android	1
Great product, would have got 5 stars, but did not come with any instructions for assembly. Took some tinkering, but was able to figure it out.	2
This product is excellent! I had spend a lot of money with other products, and even had a proffesional pest control person and nothing worked until I bought Advion. It got rid of the infestation. I had two buy two sets, I did the first treatment and waited a month and followed up with a second treatment and my house is roach free now. Thank you! The only negative thing I have to say is that the tubes have very little amount. If they add just a bit more I would have given them 5 stars.	2
It was suppose to be a six	1
The launcher broke in one day. Returned for a refund and reordered in case it was a fluke. But not very impressed with it.	1
Worked great the first few times I have used it. My little guy is 8 weeks old now and both pumps have holes in the bottom like it’s splitting at the seam. It now doesn’t hold any milk. I’ve only used them a total of 10 times..	1
I use Spigen exclusively for my phone cases and screen protectors. For some reason Spigen missed the mark with this case. The cutout for the fingerprint sensor is a little too close. Maybe I just got a bad case.?	1
Color I selected was khaki and the actual color was dark brown; also the large fits a lot smaller than measurements provided; the material was good but that’s about all I can say that was good	1
I don’t love this tint kit. I think beard die works far better. Disappointed. Lasts for maybe a day or two.	1
Too hard for my condition	1
Rope is shorter than advertised, handles slip out of hands. Turns very nice weight is good. Would not buy again for money as it is just too short.	2
Super cute, lightweight, soft and comfy! Perfect size for my 11 year old niece. This was a Christmas gift. It did take a while to arrive. Would purchase again.	2
Seemed to run a little small. Ok quality. Good for the price I guess. Not really that soft.	2
Very nice, good quality. A little heavy for using just for a .skimmer	2
Bags work great! Very pleased with them!	2
OK, so I know there are issues with natural deodorant but I had high hopes for this one. I'll admit I like the packaging but that's where it stops. With every new natural deodorant there's a smelly period before it starts working. That period never ended for me. Ever. For some unknown reason I kept using it, thinking that at some point it would kick in and actually work. It did not. I always smelled. I always sweat. I just hope I'm not *that* person in the office.	1
Meh, the stud broke in less than 2 weeks... but cute, like the screw back for toddler	1
These are very comfortable, right sized, convenient and good value for money. I'm on my second pair and I highly recommend them.	2
returned for a smaller size. The product is fine. I just didn't realize how big it was going to be.	2
Easy to understand the why's and how's of cultured food. Read the whole thing but haven't made anything yet because it all requires special equipment and starters. So now to decide which to try first - kefir, kombucha or cultured veggies since I want to limit outlay on supplies. But I am convinced it will be so good for our guts once I get started.	2
I have a small car and I wash it a lot at home by myself. With this tool, it makes the washing easier. Very smart design, you can use the rubber top to clean and cloth top for drying out the residual, very handy, light weight, great quality, I would recommend this product.	2
Packaging and all sticky stuck together	1
The light is easy to install. It shines 360°. Very bright and exactly what I wanted and needed.	2
Stopped working after 4-5 months. Would not charge. Avoid	1
Exactly what I was looking for, nice lightweight that doesn't get too hot in the summer, very soft fabric	2
This is so much fun to wear! Lightweight, decorative and super cute to walk around in.	2
Very durable, I dropped my phone multiple times with this case on it, and NO damage to my phone! HOWEVER, if you are looking for a case to have on your phone for months, I wouldn’t buy. The paint chips off very easily, doesn’t stay the color for long. Other than that great case.	1
You can see right through these. The material is so thin. They are black and I had black underwear on and you can see my skin through the rest. Thankfully I tried them on before going out. I am returning.	1
I love my new bamboo toothbrushes. My teeth feel extremely clean when I’m done, and the brush fits nicely in my hand. I would highly recommend this product.	2
I was excited when it got here. The bag looks really nice but tore from the bottom just a month later.	1
.his game great but I would lower the price of the egg	2
For the money it is definitely worth it very comfortable	2
Enjoyed characters and story line. I have downloaded the others in series. I do not think I will be disappointed. Series is worth reading. Thank you for sharing your gift 😊	2
These shoes are wonderful. The first time I wore them I was at a dog show all day, on my feet on concrete floors, and I was amazed that my legs and feet and back did not hurt!! These is such a plus for me.	2
Great case, good quality, much better when I received it than the description said. Was a good choice for me.	2
Other than this moldy dried beef (jerkey type product), the sampler was decent. But very expensive and won’t take a risk with moldy products again. *** update to this review: immediately after writing this, I received a message from the seller offering a FULL REFUND and offered a sample of their Keto granola. They have a satisfaction guarantee and followed through with it.	2
Guess I haven’t had it long enough for it to work cause mouse is still running around but hopefully we will see an end of it.	2
I bought 2, good quality. Standard lanyard hook fits into the hole..although it doesn’t look like it will. I like the feel of the material. It’s almost half the price of the others!	2
Additionally, they are no longer available to purchase. Seems a waste of time and money.	1
When I was reading the reviews before buying I kept seeing how people were surprised at how small the container was. I was like come on guys obviously it's not gonna be that big, but oh my gosh it's the baby version of the small container of vaseline. I took a picture of the container next to a penny for sizing purposes, but personally I think its adorable and like it for my purse. The product itself is good but it a little sweeter version of the original vaseline but overall not that different. It gets the job done!	2
Great price, good quality, an excellent value. Works as expected.	2
Look at the photos? Need I say more?	1
Received 17 and one was broken. So have 16 out of 18.	1
Purchased the item used it once put it in my phone can't get it out.	1
Needs some more power. The suction power is very low and hardly vacuums up dirt, you have to go over it several times to clean up on the car's carpet.	2
I swear I have 0 stretch marks after using this product. I used this product every night and a lotion during the day (since the oil did leave some coating i thought might stain my clothes). I've ordered this product twice now.	2
For a even better treat — put these in the refrigerator. Absolutely delicious.	2
My mom had back surgery and she didn’t want someone else wiping her bum, so gave this a try. It did NOT work. It scratched her and when I contacted the seller about product issues, I was told too bad, no returns, no refunds. Bad product, bad customer service.	1
Not that absorbent wish it was but looks good just for show. I dont recommend to dry it it leaves which fuzzies	2
This is made of good material, with a good adhesive, but the diameter is not large enough to completely fit around the edge of a door.	2
So excited about this but it is so difficult to use - takes 5 minutes to open one can	1
Its a entry level foosball table so don't get super excited buying it and then spend 4 hours putting it together. All the parts that aren't made of fiberboard or is a screw are plastic. If you want an amazing table, spend $2k and get an incredible one. I didn't see the value of paying that much when foosball is sort of one of those dive bar or basement type activities. Not like you go to someones house and think, oh he doesn't have the high end model or did you see the model of his foosball table - its to the nines! Its a foosball table.	2
I have a Pixel 3a with a Spigen Tough Armor case, and I have to remove the case to use the clamp. It doesn't open quite wide enough to fit. Other than that, the product is fine, it is stable, the fab thingy take pics and vids like it's supposed to, the legs can grab onto poles or stand up straight. It's a good product.	2
Broke after second use	1
Somewhat bulkier than expected	2
The spring broke upon installation.	1
this was disgusting and I will never waste my money buying it again.	1
I got a bag of bones with a thin layer of fat on some of them. Not worth it at all. Will not be buying again.	1
Racks are unstained and look very cheap constructed for a deluxe set.	2
I couldn't keep these on my feet. The regular Sloggers (florals and other patterns) work well, but the fit of the clog was too wide, and the heel too low, to walk in without my foot slipping out frequently).	2
great little add on. the lenses are good for working back stage in the dark without being noticed	2
This coloring book is my way of unwinding after a day of institutional hypocrisy. Ya know?! Love this coloring book!	2
Bought the Skull pack with the color variety for EDC and it did not disappoint, fits most head sizes but if you have a smaller head don't fret it can also cover your ears. Great way to filter out the dust and looks super dope. Only downside is they are kind of thin (but they dry rather quickly) and I don't know how they'd do in the wash but I just hand washed them in case., comes individually wrapped so you can also use them as pre-rave gifts for the squad~	2
Worked great until handle broke. The handle connection is a tiny bit of weak plastic and not even designed with enough connective area to glue back together.	1
The battery end cover popped up after two days of use and charging. They charge 100% and hold the charge. We have only had them about a week so we don't know much yet.	2
Thought the price was pretty great for three cables and wasnt too worried about them tearing since they seemed heavy duty. I've only used 1 out of the 3 cables in the past month, and I'm already having issues with charging my phone. The one cable keeps causing my phone to continuously make the "charging" sound because it's not actually charging my phone properly. Very disappointed with how the product turned out. Save your money and buy a higher quality product instead.	1
The good: Easy to install and came with required tools. The bad: At three months there was a noticeable decline in charge endurance. After about six months they are almost completely worn out. The charge doesn't last very long at all. The original Apple batteries lasted for years without a big drop-off in performance. These don't seem to be made as well.	1
Research into my health needs strongly recommended some of the ingredients listed in the label of this product. However, for some time now, I had to purchase them separately. Happily, this product provided a very economical way of accessing the combination of the benefits of the ingredients, and without having to consume several items per dose. Disclosure: do your own due diligence, and you'll see why this product is something to rave about	2
These stickers never actually came! I don’t know if it’s the seller or Amazon’s mistake, but I can’t seem to get anyone to make it right.	1
Broke after two weeks. Strange.	2
After spending a few hours of assembly found that one of the motor support was not included in the package. Down loaded still to print new support, shortly before finishing frist print hot end stopped working. Pulled apart hot end resistance tested it and it read at .1 ohms. After some research found resistance should be 3.5 ohms. I did have mosfets installed on both heat bed and hot end. Will update review after installing replacement hot end. I with with a better replacement.	1
Love this! I thought there was no heart but I found it floating in a small baggy with instructions how to place it in the box! Super cute	2
This listing is for only one liner. I thought it was for a 3-pack. The 3-pack is 29.99 plus shipping because it's not prime, but this was $35 for one! What a rip-off. I'll be returning it and ordering the 3 pack.	1
Not Impressed! No way all the other reviews are from customers.	1
i forgot i order one already and got a cheaper one. they refuse to help me to return and get a refund	1
I ordered the wrong size and hope to exchange it but the couple seconds I had it on for it seemed great	2
I think the smells are great and the packaging is beautiful. My issue was the bubble part of it. There were hardly any bubbles that actually came from the bomb. This was disappointing because I like having bubbles and figured my daughter could use these too. She liked the color and the fizzing but was mad about the bubbles. The picture added is a 2nd bath bomb because my daughter was sad not many came from the first one.	2
Did not adhere well to screen. Came loose quickly and had to press hard to type or swipe on screen. First protector failed after about 12 hours. Second last 4 or 5 days. More trouble than not having a screen protector. Saw a couple of recent reviews with same issue - perhaps they are having a manufacturing problem?	1
Dentist confirmed these have helped keep the gunk from building up in the way back where my fat fingers can not direct the regular floss strips.	2
I bought it for the look, a little different and nicer than the plain plastic. I didn't look close enough at the specs, it only covers 1/2 of a normal size tub/shower. I ended up buying another to fit the entire tub. It is sturdy weight. It is nice looking. Grommet ring holes. One of the holes did not come with a grommet, factory defect I suppose.	2
Does not come with a Tip, as advertised.	1
Poor quality control. Major flaw on surface area. Sent it back.	1
Worked great with Raspberry Pi, if you're looking for a cable for the Raspberry Pi, this cable would definitely recommend.	2
A little tight, i would order a size up so you don’t have to smush your fingers through	2
Does not cover the full screen of the watch	1
Too small and too dull to work well.	1
I ordered these for my sons third birthday party and after the kids wore these masks their faces were red. They had a horrible reaction and the redness didn't go away for hours. Thank goodness only two kids wore the masks I can't imagine how awful it would've been to have a whole party filled with red faces due to reactions. I don't know what kind of chemicals you use on your product or how you store them but I would not recommend these to anyone. My experience with them was awful and I will never purchase from this company again.	1
This is a replacement for the identical item purchased 32 years ago. Speaks to the quality of item.	2
Good hammers for the cheap set. I would buy again .	2
I bought this book on preorder based on the blurb alone. Fortunately, the narrative lived up to the promise, weaving a new world with familiar characters and fresh mythos. Pros: - harper’s growth is apparent from beginning to end. - great world building. - well edited Cons: - Cliffhanger	2
I really enjoy the product, somewhat easy to operate, my husband said he had an issue on the release mechanism, would recommend, it does help keep object in the bed of the truck from rolling around.	2
Fabric stains in one cape.	1
I just received these today and one of the gems had fallen out before I even opened the package. All the gems actually look like their going to fall out, actually. I bought them for my tragus piercing and scared to use them. Will be returning them.	2
Love the selection of oils but the quantity in each bottle is not consistent. I couldn’t believe how visible it was either. In the photo I’ve attached you can see the difference and that the bottles are also unopened. I wish I could give 5 stars but that lack of quality control makes me nervous.	2
The ear covers fell apart within the first month of use. Do not buy!	1
Unusable...hard as.a rock ..no give when you try to put your foot in shoe!!!	1
Loved the story line. A bit predictable but fun read anyway	2
its strong, but the peg the arm goes in wore out in a couple of months, I tried to put toilet paper in it & it holds sometimes, but design flaw in my opinion. The swing arm wont stay in place.	2
This protector didnt want to stick. While wiping it clean, it just slid right off. Even the dust stickers were not sticky at all	1
This product did NOT disappoint! I initially purchased it because of the cuteness factor and was pleased to find out that the quality,durability and shock proof corners were all above par! Colors are vibrant. I would definitely encourage friends to purchase and you can't beat the price!	2
This simply didn't work. No way. No how. Threw it away. Should not have bought it. This was meant to be a replacement for the one stolen by the neighborhood kids. Now I have a new weather station from another company and can buy replacement parts if necessary.	1
Stopped working 3 months later. Wiring is not protected from corrosion and disconnected. Don’t buy and waste your money. Made very poor!	1
this is for long term memory protection. I'm 72 now so maybe in 10 or 15 years I'll know more.	2
I bought these to use as soap dispensers. Worked perfectly. Love them.	2
Works well. Just be sure to heat it enough an stretch it often otherwise it gets wonky. But if applied right it looks great for a cheap product. Finished my 2nd tail light in only a couple minutes looks good for not bein professionaly installed.	2
Didn't like it - gave it away. Too flimsy.	1
This compressor no good the ac clutch shorted and seized the compressor	1
We received our replacement pot yesterday and it was broken like the first shipment. The glass cover was smashed. You need to protect the cover better and check each pot before shipping out.	1
The chair is very comfortable and glides smoothly over bumps. Only downside is that it is quite a bit heavier than I expected	2
No problem with refurbished Echo. Works as well as the brand new one I bought a few weeks back. Really like the white color.	2
These are easy to pop on your EarPods and makes them slightly more comfortable but still not great. I have small ears so the hooks help hold them in but they still hurt my ears after a short time. They work in a pinch when I can’t use my Bluetooth headphones but wouldn’t choose to wear them if I didn’t have to.	2
Love these!! I am never going back to any other undies, they are soooo comfy!!	2
Order a size 7 for a Christmas gift. The box the boots came in was a 7 but the boots were a 6. I'll be returning and now searching for a new Christmas gift!	1
Not sure if the product has been updated or I got lucky. In accordance with all the complaints of loose and falling off end caps, I planned to drill through them and pin the shaft into place. However I can't for the life of me get the end caps to budge. I even grabbed them with some pliers and twisted. They seen to be pretty well attached to the thing. I will post back if anything changes	2
Nice material, good stitching. Fit was as expected for my 6’2” husband. Worked very well for our Hawaiian themed party. Very vibrant and fun colors and design.	2
Great mystery, successful twist, engaging characters. I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I need to get my hands on the next one soon.	2
Took a long time to get. Very cute and comfortable. Quite a lot of compliments.	2
Junk. The stiching is very cheap. Tore the first time I put it on.	1
Got phone and the heat from being in delivery truck loosened back glass seal. Had to take off and re-center and it mostly is on now and being in case it is pressed on. Not a mark on phone. Charged and left phone off and it drained to 88% which I am told is what the battery life is so the 80% or better life held true on the phone I got. For the price I am not disappointed. For 14$ I can buy a back glass with seal or 8$ for just a seal so not a complain able problem as the video I watched uses heat to open the back so the hot truck helped that along.	2
Inside of the bag looks like it can hold a lot of things. The bag is made out of nice material and has two large side pockets. Very nice will do an updated review after using it for awhile! So far it's a good buy!	2
I've bought this coffee before and never had a problem with it. This time on opening the bag, noticed an off aroma and it is not subtle. Smells like poop. I won't be buying this again. Not the biggest fan of dark roast, but dark roast with a kaka odor is a deal breaker.	1
Doesn't move or fall over whether the roll is full or getting small.	2
Study cage with a nice design but I was disappointed when after a couple of uses the paint on the face began to wear off. I always use soft plastic bottles and only use the that cage as my back up. Since it's a point of contact for the bottles you would think it would have a protective coating or something.	2
Return this as if you are not perfectly sculpted it shows everything.	1
Was a knockoff scent ordered 2 received 1 tried emailing seller and no response I will never order from here again	1
Received a replacement band for an Apple Watch not for my Fitbit blaze. Completely unusable for a Fitbit.	1
Don't buy this if you need XL the size is misleading. It's a L nowhere close to XL.	1
So far, I have only tried the selfie stick. I used it on three dives and the strap broke on the third one. I had gotten used to using the strap, so even after noticing the strap was broken, I got absorbed in my dive and decided to let the selfie stick and brand new GoPro dangle. A few minutes later, I realized I had dropped the camera and my heart sunk. Fortunately the water was only 30 feet deep, and I was able to return to the spot and retrieve it. The selfie stick itself seems sturdy, but I would definitely be careful about using the strap underwater. I recommend replacing the strap with a more durable one.	2
Good quality product, but it didn't fit my dachshund.	1
the purpose was for the bowtie and the hankie but the vest was okay	2
Only charges halfway but does the job. To bad they don't charge all the way. They would be as good as the original B&C.	1
These containers are exactly what I wanted. However, my set is missing the smallest rectangular container. Update: I sent a message to Utopia Kitchen and they sent me a new set. These containers have been great so far. I have no problem with the lids.	2
Caught nothing, waste of money	1
I am a huge fan of Bradshaw because of the Ben Blue and Cain stories. In those series, the plots & characters are gripping, intense, very deeply drawn, clever, and exciting. Tate is a spinoff character from an early Ben Blue story. His role was small but well written. Not so in the first two Tate books. The first in the series is weak and this is worse. There is way too much scenery description, way too much meandering, no clear plot direction, and sloppy construction. Tate just isn't interesting. His character is flat, under developed, and very ordinary. Bradshaw's strength as an author has been his ability to develop colorful, clever, and meaningful main characters. This book just rambles. Very very disappointing. A note: Bradshaw will never clean up his grammar errors. I can't imagine why. But in most of his books, the basic storyline is so terrific, the silly glitches aren't seriously important, just irritating. I recommend new readers read the Ben Blue series first and then start to include the Cain stories, both of which are magnificent. Add a bit of Rubio as well. "Hickory Jack", Bradshaw's first novel, is truly an amazing piece of literature. Don't miss those because of the weak Tate books.	1
Excellent flavor -- definitely NOT the watery tasting stuff of most decaffeinated coffee. Also -- per ounce, the cost is very reasonable.	2
the seeds is good, i planting when i got them, and they don't grow flowers up to now. i will see them, four stars	2
Boo! 2 months in and my ring fell off :(	2
Wireless charging worked flawlessly for 9 months, then it failed. Rather than charge my iPhone X, it now discharges it. After checking the manual, this issue is no even mentioned in troubleshooting help.	1
Seems to be working. easy to install.	2
Fun but got tired with it	2
This is not really a doormat: it would work much better as a mouse pad. Seriously? It is not even the size of a human foot.	1
Son loves them. He’s got clout now!	2
Terrible product, my customer sat on it and it’s just damage the cylinder. She not even that heavy. And I only had this for a month. Now I have to find a replacement. Waste of time and money	1
Didn’t do much of anything I could tell. Waste of money.	1
I loved it. Well made, nice quality. Received on time. Thanks!	2
Came without the necessary cable to connect to my laptop. Finally got the right cable and picture is not very clear regardless of the distance. Disappointed.	1
This is a great battery. It feels solid, the button feels good when you press it and it lasts forever.	2
This is the third time I have bought these protectors! I drop my phone a lot as do my kids. I prefer to break a screen protector instead of my phone'a screen. I have recommended these to friends and now I recommend them to you. I use this in conjunction with a phone case that has also helped protect my phone.	1
Garbage. Just broke today. The first time I tried to install it since I got my new watch.	1
Initially, there was SO much hair, and it's so dense, I looked absolutely insane wearing it. It didnt look nearly as light and thin as in some of the review photos. I'd already trimmed the lace, so I figured returning it was a no-go, so I took a razor comb to it and thinned it out and it's wearable now. Sadly, it was shedding horribly straight out of the box, but I'm hoping I got all the strays now. I'm not sure I'd trust it on a windy day, as the wafts are quite far apart, which also makes pulling it into a ponytail a no. But overall, the hair looks and feels silky and moves naturally as is.	2
Doesn’t have a solid back. The sole is huge. Not very stable. Ok for walking around the house, but that is about it.	1
I broke my iphone screen after only weeks. After it got repaired I put this protection on and no problem. It still looks clear resolution.	2
This outfit does not fit well, it is too small. The fabric is very nice though and would look good if it fit better	2
The product looks good and is soft, my wife liked it.	2
Very easy to install and got my washer working quickly.	2
The quality of the costume is horrible and is nothing like the picture. I couldn’t return it because it was for a Halloween group and I didn’t have time to order another one on time.	1
These were fat socks but not comfortable!	2
I followed the package directions without dishes. Did nothing to scaling on the inside. White vinegar does a better job.	1
The album came slightly damaged, but that's alright. I am missing my yellow wood card and photo though, which kind of disappointed me. EDIT: Yellow wood preorder card and photo arrived separately.	2
I researched like crazy on how to transport breastmilk while traveling. This was one of the top bags I kept reading about. I exclusively pump for my baby and we started to travel quite a bit once he turned 6 months old. I was really stressed about how to take milk with me and how to take so much. I thought the bag would be a bit larger, but it ended up working out. We were away for 7 days for our first trip and I noticed by stuffing this bag with frozen breastmilk, it actually kept all my milk bags frozen. Only one bag (up top) had started to defrost, but was still slushy. The entire duration of the trip was 5-6 hours. I ended up ordering a second bag because I was not able to fit a week's worth of milk supply in the bag (baby was still drinking 6-7 feedings at this time). It wasn't too big of a problem. Due to traveling alone, I packed both bags into my suitcase right before leaving. On the trip back, I ended up taking it out and carrying it through TSA due to the weight it was adding to my suitcase (7 pounds)!! Our second trip was just a few days ago. I didn't take as much milk and I did notice more of the milk bags had started to defrost, but still frozen enough to put back in the freezer once I arrived at my destination. We will be traveling to Cabo in a couple of months. I am a little nervous since the flight will be longer than both of our previous trips, but I also do not have a choice and will need to make the best of the situation. I plan to take a lot of milk. So, I am hoping the frozen milk will help keep the milk from defrosting too quickly.	2
This product does help with dry skin. However, I didn't care for the scent or the consistency. I'm sure it works well for others, just not with my personal taste.	2
Great alternative to sugar and artificial sweeteners. Costs less than other similar products.	2
They're foam tiles. Not sure what else there is to say.	2
The braided nylon seems like it will hold up long-term and will be very durable. The product comes with a nice faux leather band that allows you to roll the cable up and snap together. I would have given this product 5 stars if it had not been for the fact that the connection from the cable to my phone seems to be a little touchy in one of the three cables. This cable will stop charging and then start charging again if the cable is bumped slightly. This is only the case for one of them, the rest were perfect. This is not a big deal, as long as it is not moved.	2
Got 4 of the same print and the other two were very boyish. So she will be able to use 1. Would not buy again	1
Cheaply made. Loose threads everywhere . Uncomfortable and thin.	1
Battery didn’t last long, inadvertently activates in pocket	2
Product wall mounting includes 4 different sets and sizes of screws to mount the TV to the wall mount. Not a single one of those sets are the proper length or size to mount it properly without the tv having play or wobble room from the screws not being able to fasten down all the way to secure it!	1
It’s look good but box look like old used one	2
There are a couple thinks I don’t care for 1 the belt clip is loose so it spins around easy. 2 every time I grab the case the volume goes up or down or seri says what can I help you with so that’s annoying. But it does look good	1
Wow, this was not an easy read. Although the many, many acronyms were identified in the glossary section, it made reading and following the story very cumbersome. I found it annoying that there was such a frequent need to flip back and forth to the back of the book for the definitions. This constant reading interruption greatly detracted from enjoying the story line.	1
I live in the country and figured I'd save time and money buying these off Amazon, boy was I wrong. The first tube did not hold air. Was broken at valve stem. The second tube blew up within my first 30 minutes on the bmx track.	1
it is rip-off priced!	2
I absolutely love this tea! It completely relaxes me allowing me to sleep. I wake up refreshed not groggy. And I do not feel like its a drug I need. I can not express enough how this tea calms me after a long stressful day. It calms my mind and my anxiety.	2
It helped me much,my 5 year old son was having a hard time getting up on school days and staying in bed on weekends.We purchased this alarm and used it on the weekend first. He was to stay in his room and play or read books until the alarm goes off. It worked! Then, on school days, he is to get up when it goes off. We remind him at night what day is next (weekend or school day) and he shuts the alarm off all by himself. He was able to choose the color of the light and the alarm sound. He has so much power to chose and gains some independence.	2
Didn’t even come with instructions... I have no idea how to put this thing together lmao wtf	1
Its garbage...Nothing what it shows.. if I can return it I would but now I have to look for something else... :(...	1
Paint is peeling after less than one week, disappointing.	1
nice shampoo and conditioner, but not any better then the cheaper version of one used previously	2
Smells like roasted old peanuts!! The.bottle.will.last a very long time since you don't have to use a large amount. Use with carrier oil for hair works wonders though some got on my face during the night and ended up burning me a little so for skin don't really think that I will be using it! Other than being strong smelled it does work great on my hair.	2
Box was not damaged but product was not bubble wrapped and leaking!!	1
This is the worse product I've ever bought. Breaks like cheese.	1
Just perfect. Protect not bulky! I bought another one!	2
I bought 2 of these feeders 2 months ago and they are already not working because of squirrel chews. The description says they are chew proof, but this is NOT true. I am very disappointed and upset to have paid this much for a feeder that doesn't work.	1
This was not the best study bible I have purchased, and i have purchased several. The commentary seemed wordy and did not break down the scripture as I expected.	2
This unit is a monster in size. Covers the whole state and most of the tabs. I suppose this is obvious from the photo. I did end up using this as a front parking camera not mounted on the license plate but in the grille area on a black background where the size is not an issue. The reason I rated this 3 stars was because of its design. It is too big and blocks too much of the license plate. Note: After this review the seller contacted me and offered to address the situation including a refund. Seller seems very good and product is as advertised. It is fairly clear from the photos that this will cover too much of the plate.	2
I love this. It works perfect for my kitty's. No more carrying a heavy kennel to the vet. It is very well made and sturdy. Well worth the cost.	2
Love mines for my 8+ brought 3 more for 3of my friends & they love the case. I wish they come out with one for my Note 9	2
But shorter than expectes but works	2
This is a promotion video for cyber security companies.	1
Very thin and not too sturdy. Looks good. I hope it does not bend	2
Good size, easy to use. But they came very dull, and sharpening them from dull was not simple. But I'm happy with them	2
Great product! A 6 year old helped me assemble it, didn't take long at all. It was for my 4 month old son, I had to put something underneath him so he could still reach the floor but he's now almost 5 months and if he tried hard enough his feet can touch. He loves looking at all the toys on it. I'd say by 6 months he should be bouncing away!	2
Pleasantly surprised to get a great product. Use to being disappointed lately from Amazon. Took a chance on this one and couldn’t be happier. Literature was minimal stumbled through installation but figured it out.	2
Very strong and sharp looking.	2
Cam worked for 3 weeks then video screen went out. Completely inoperable. Instead of returning to Amazon I contacted the company. They gave me the run around and stopped communicating with me once my return window ended. Can't recommend	1
Fit well and looks good, but shrunk by a good 5-6 inches in length after just 2 washings.	1
Hat is really adorable and very warm!	2
Extremely small and rough feeling material. Sizing not accurate. Also wash directions is “dry clean” who dry cleans an infants swag?...	1
Beautiful honey!!! It arrived quickly with a thoughtful note from the family who grow the honey. It feels good to support a family business but even better when what they produce is so delicious!	2
We love this kit, which includes everything we need for birthday decorations. It saves time for us instead of looking for birthday related decorations here and there in different stores. It is a decent product and has a great quality! Thank you.	2
Very nice product and most importantly, my Wife loves it!!	2
Love the colors, very vibrant! The material is very soft. I wear it with black leggings and boots.	2
My four year old Granddaughter is crazy for princess related dress-up and princess activities. This Art and Craft Kit seems like the perfect gift for her.	2
Bought two units they both lasted about an hour before they broke. I bought two other units from another company they all seem to break the same way. The inner tube that twirls around on the inside of the cone becomes detached and shoots out of the gun. I would suggest putting glue on the hose before use or any type of modification to keep the line in place before you get this item dirty.	1
Exactly what it says it is. I guessed on my size based on the basic size chart. I would recommend moving up a size or actually measuring yourself to pick the best fit.	2
These are quite large but the suction was relatively good at first so I was willing to overlook that. Then they gave out and fell off the fridge in ~3 weeks	2
I'm using it for a headphone connection for the TV. Works fine and sounds good too.	2
It doesn't fit like an X Large, it has a nice feel, soft, nice hood, sleeves are nice and long, bu the body and tie need to be bigger. Gaps and opens in the the front.	2
I use this all the time and I have never be disappointed. No irritation and my skin stays super moisturized.	2
WASN'T BUFFALO FLAVORED. IT TASTES LIKE STRONG VINEGAR AND HOT PEPPERS. THE JAR IS SMALL AND YOU ONLY GET ABOUT 6 EGGS. I THOUGHT IT WOULD TASTE LIKE SAUDER'S BUFFALO STYLE EGGS. THOSE ARE BOMB BUT COULDN'T FIND THEM IN THE STORES ANYMORE.	1
It stopped working after a week or so but when it worked it worked well	2
It doesn't work right. I'm pushing the buttons and flicking the artificial guitar strings, but for some reason it's not transmitting to the game systems.	1
i love the taste, but yes, these are fairly big pastilles, i cut (bite) them in half - you never want to take too much pure licorice. so they last a fairly long time. they're expensive - amazingly cheap in Italy, but its a long way to go for a tin of licorice. they don't have all the sugar/wheat and other junk that american licorice candy is loaded with. great for digestive issues! buy a few to save on shipping	2
Epic!! NOTICEABLY decreased recovery times, crazy gains in 5 weeks and lost fat. Lifetime user now after having been on muscle milk for 15 yrs.. 33 year old looking better than my early 20’s. Put the work in (min 1hr, 5 days a week) and drink this within an hour of end of your workout and you’ll see gains no matter what. No bs.	2
DO NOT BUY THIS. It doesn't work.	1
This clay dinosaurs set comes along with a box, which makes it easy to store. We use the clay inside(which is not too much) and play doh to make dinosaurs, leaf, dinosaur claw, skeletons and volcanos, very interesting dinosaur set for kids. Besides, the dinosaurs molds is so cute!	2
I bought these for my preschool class during our Hanukkah lesson. They all loved learning the game. The direction cards were great.	2
Great product . The texture and length are great . Very realistic looking . I recommend this product .	2
Great substitute for the GE brand. Product was packaged great and went in easy. No problems with the product. Awesome price.	2
Feels very cheaply made, shirt material is really thin, graphics look really good though, ill stick to buying from nine line brand	1
Please help me to return this. I like it. It's very short.	1
As far as I know the product is good quality and I would definitely buy again	2
purchased several for church events and will be purchasing more and in different colors, the areas that go where the legs of the table are holding up pretty good so far, have also washed and they look still new, will be purchasing more	2
It looks great and would have been perfect except that it would not fit the glasses. returned and got refund	1
The product didn't work. My phone would say accessory in valid.	1
Didn’t last long but they did serve its purpose	2
Headline says it all!	2
Replaced twice in 9 months not reliable	1
We have literally struggled with this clock since we bought it. The display is far too bright and the shut off switch is difficult to maneuver, especially when you’re trying to wake up while doing it. It’s also located on the back of the clock instead of the top, along with a bunch of buttons to switch the time zone. If I could return it this late in the game, I would. Something simpler to turn off is so much easier all around.	1
Started cutting some soft Costco turkey breast slices, using the knife gently, and motor started slowing down within 20 seconds. By 30 seconds, it died entirely, with electrical smell coming from housing. Returned.	1
One of my children’s favorite books. Was trying to find a copy in good condition since it’s no longer in new print. This copy was just gross. Almost all the pages stuck and warped from spilling and covered in food/grease stains.	1
doesn't seem to remove much of anything.	1
Bought the first one was good no issues, bought the second 1 YEAR later and brass exposed on the inside scratched a new slide. Got an email from the company asking about purchase. Told them what happened and they said you must have got one of our old ones before we fixed that, 1 YEAR later. They said they would send a new one after I told them I threw it away because of how upset I was. One month later and nothing, don’t waist your time or money hey have no integrity.	1
This is the third one I’ve bought because I love it so much and want to gift it to others! It is well made and looks great on my desk. My students love to see the elephants in my room, this one adds to that and functionality!	2
Super cute...nice material! I gave it a 3 star because the cover had a really small hole to push a pillow through, so I would say that it’s best for making your own pillow (pushing stuffing inside) not for an already cased in plain pillow..	2
the cross bar at the top would work better for us if it was higher	2
We didn’t like them at all. It didn’t cool my husband down at all. It just dried up with in 10 mins after having it on. And yes we followed the directions. Unfortunately there is a no refund for it and I bought 3.	1
If you want to buy so buy it if no so not.	2
Nice looking but would not work with the touch screen. I have to remove it to use my watch. Sending back.	1
Not large enough...order larger sizes for best fit.	2
Pretty solid. Don't know if it'll take down an aggressive homeless guy yet, but hope I get the chance to find out.	2
Enjoying all these books! The writers style and design of these characters is wonderful! Great series about a very interesting bed and breakfast on the Oregon coast!	2
Very disappointed! I ordered a green table skirt and I’m not sure how did I end up with orange instead of green??? There wasn’t even an option for other colors!	1
Not the easily bendy bristles, so not soft. I use it for my toes, but I don't like how it feels on my feet. Stuff is the word I would use.	1
love this product have bought it for years	2
rocks are so small you would need thousands to do this	1
Does not even work. wasted my money.	1
Not as full as I'd like them to be. Seems a bit excessive by the price point for it to seem so nonexistent. For it to look nice I'd have to buy two more.	1
My 4 year old even wears them!	2
Have never been cutting glass before. Learned from YouTube. The pliers works very well. Thanks!	2
I like the durability and the shine of the bling. My only issue is the amount you get for the price.	2
Opened the box to find that this cook top does not use a standard 120 volt outlet. The description of this item does not say that it requires a dedicated 15 amp service outlet. So after a 40 mile round trip to the hardware store to get an outlet I find that it's not even a standard 15 amp plug. The vertical prong is on the other side. After a visit to a friend that is an electrician, I finally get a outlet rigged up to plug this thing in. Used it a few times to see that it's no better than the $15 electric skillet that's been sitting on my pantry shelf for 20 yrs. Warmer on one side of the pan than the other, shuts on and off not allowing a constant simmer. Back to an open flame for me.	1
Although the labels showed they were supposed to be Hawaiian breeze scent, they were not. They had a spice smell to them, different from the scratch'n sniff sticker on the boxes. Thankfully Amazon refunded me so I could purchase the correct scent from a different seller. Thanks Amazon!	1
Did not look like the one in the pic I wish I had a pic but my niece still loved but I was disappointed it look more cheap and the necklace broke eventually just a warning don’t expect it to be like that pic shown above	1
These are great for pet hair, they pick up like a magnet. The only thing I should have looked at is the size. I end up using two on my swifter because these are half the size of the sweeper I have. I still use them and they are great. I'll order a larger size next time.	2
They are stiff and too big. I ordered a medium, because I thought it said they ran small.	2
This is a classic toy that will always be a hit. Along with the beautiful colors that will appeal to toddlers this is a great way for children to learn by experience the mechanics in how when they pull the cars back, they seem to go away on their own. Beautiful gift for a birthday party!	2
LOVE IT BUT VERY EXPENSIVE	2
This material was definitely not worth the price. Came in very wrinkly... and you can't iron thw wrinkles out. You almost need to add a real suit jacket so it looks semi okay	1
This product is okay but not what I expected. With sheets of address labels I'm used to there being a line of extra sticker between, which there isn't. I guess it doesn't really matter, it just makes for a very rectangular label instead of one with nice curved edges. It also came from China which I didn't realize before purchasing.	1
I can't get the snaps to work so it is hard to travel with.	2
Future could be critical.	2
Anything Cherise Sinclair writes is great - and THIS series is the BEST of any I’ve read to date. Incredibly well written; the characters and situations pull you in and keep you wanting more. When’s the next one?!	2
Fit perfectly and really helped clean up my center console. Would highly recommend.	2
Cheap material and fit weird at the top... Returning it and thats a hastle too. You print out this number and bring it to a local ups store and they print out the return label..	1
It is an older version. The cover is completely different. My daughter wants the one with the goose on the cover. I promised her I would buy it for her. She's very disappointed when this book came and may think I lied to her.	1
Really poor quality! It has nothing to do with the previous generation. Material is bad quality and the sound is really poor.	1
I love the look and weight of this set, plus they are all a consistent size and color. The only down side was two knifes and a spoon came with the black coating missing on the handles. All in all a decent starter set for the money.	2
Good product, works okay, just keep large zip ties handy in case.. Only con is its abit smaller then I'd hope'd for but otherwise, it does as designed and comfortably.	2
These wedges are every bit as good as one's you would pay $$$$ for	2
Gets the job done.......	2
These are not a premium product. They are so small, not as long as others we have bought for years. We would never buy this product again.	1
It looked just like the picture, after the first wash it looks faded and you cant tell whats on the shirt now.	1
Exactly as depicted on Amazon presentation page.	2
have used this product for the longest...simply love it	2
I have hardly worn this headband and the stitching is unraveling everywhere. I thought a $7 reversible headband was too good to be true and that appears to be the case. The stitching is loose and threads are coming out all over the place. This product will not last for more than 10 uses. In addition to the headband falling apart, even if it was in good condition, I would be disappointed by it's fit. It's thicker than a normal headband and it's very tight on the head. I don't have too big of a head at 7 3/8 inches (brain is still very large though). This headband is nothing more than a paper weight. Don't even think about ordering.	1
There's a 'wave' running horizontally across near the top of the mirror, it's worse than the vertical crack in the one I was trying to replace!!!	1
My new favorite lens!! Scary sharp. A little heavy and bulky but absolutely worth it - I reach for it during every session with clients and will be investing in the 35mm 1.4 very soon! Highly recommend.	2
Meh, broke after a few months. No abuse, just stopped working.	1
Great Quality and Amazing value for money, will buy again	2
Doesn't work in a Manhattan apartment, unfortunately there is too much interference. Item returned to Amazon without problem.	1
Pretty but lost a stone after just two wearings.	1
I purchased this hose for weekly use in my backyard. It was very convenient for the year it worked. However, it started springing leaks and tears in short order. I used this quite gently, and have ordered other much more durable retractable hoses. I would not recommend this hose if you're looking for something that will last.	1
The price, and used it for lunch!	2
I loved this product the first two weeks of having them, then the left ear bud just stopped working. Has to be a technical issue seeing as i only used them in my office throughout the day and they were kept in dry storage.	1
I was expecting it to be made sturdier, but it is made with a soft material and does not really hold its form when inside my purse. The color is nice though with lots of pockets to put all the little items I carry in my bag. I just wish it was more structured so I dont have to constantly re-arrange my wallet, eyeglass case, and makeup bag every time i remove it from my bag.	1
I read all three books in this series now. The first was good, the second excellent but the third, tedious. Too many names to follow, boring story, no substance to the book. There was very little real action. Just people running around from place to place. No tracking skills shown by Hawke and very little mention of Native American ways. The hero could have been anybody. I slogged through to the end just to say I finished. Hope her next book is better, but I'm not sure I will buy it.	1
Beautiful color, texture, and great features: exterior pocket, great organizational compartments, detachable laptop pouch, spacious, BUT as soon as I removed it from the packaging I noticed a MAJOR problem-it will not stand up! The bag tips over and crashes! After packing it with the typical items I carry in a trolley, invariably it STILL crashes--this is ANNOYING. To add insult to injury, when I attempted to zip the bag closed, the hardware came off! REALLY??!!	1
Terrible shorty and flimsy. DO NOT BUY! Pieces arrived broken and I contacted about receiving replacement though NEVER received any replacements. The bigger ones don't even fit in the ninja 6.5 quart.	1
The Suction is not that strong	2
So this is a gorgeous product. Even when I saw it in person. Except I feel like the sizing is a little off. I ordered a medium, and I’m a 34C and it is falling off everywhere. If it were strapless I’d have to return it but the straps help it stay on.	2
Easy to assemble and beautiful on the eye. But not very comfy to seat on. My bottom sweats wet since the material is synthetic. Very disappointed:( can’t return unfortunately, since threw away the package already and this is not an amazon prime...:(	1
My daughter LOVES this pillow! Super soft and comfy. We have already had to wash it due to a spill and it held up perfectly.	2
What can I say- it's sandpaper. It works.	2
Never worked right. Bought a different one from the store to replace after this one just kept shutting off	1
I have always wanted leather gear, now i have it. It takes some breaking in but I love the look and feel.	2
It works, good video. Loud hum from the sound, and is about as durable as a tin can.	1
While it performs as advertised I ordered a medium and the box said medium and the Brace is XL not eligible for return	1
These are cool but they get cops attention. They look a little ghetto. They do work however. Not sure if they're technically legal	2
Bought this for cleaning an AR15, but it’s too small, had to return.	2
the seller of this product is true to their word, it is what they say it is. Simple but Great.	2
Great history book. Lot's of knowledgeable things in this book. I enjoyed full read.	2
Seems solid and well built but some components are lacking. After about a year the nozzle started leaking, spraying water from multiple patterns at once and from behind the face. The nozzle had been disconnected and kept inside over winter months but it appears the rubber piece that directs the water is not designed to last. I purchased two of these, one for myself and one as a gift. Both developed the same problem. For the cost of these nozzles, I'd suggest looking at others.	1
I did not receive the item	1
The case looks nice and seems to be well constructed. The case has a good bit of padding and is bulkier than I prefer. I wish I'd chosen a different, thinner case.	2
I took out old faucet and installed this one (easy to do). Only to discover that the hoses that come with the faucet don't reach under my sink and it is a unique style so my old hoses don't work. Super bummer and now left without water in my sink. Customer service was strange in their communication and there is no phone number.	1
Base could be a little wider and weighted. It tips over easily.	2
Ordered these tires Feb. 2019. Received them and did not install them right away, well one of the tires has two pin holes in the sidewall, so it keeps going flat. Wow this is why I ordered new tires. My mistake was not installing them right away so the return window has closed and now I am stuck with a tire that I have to inflate every time I want to mow	1
Fits my iPhone 6s well, and the buttons all work with space for jacks to plug in. Doesn’t seem to provide any front protection though. A slight lip over the front edges would provide better protection. That said, I have dropped my phone in this case, and no damage so far, so I guess it’s doing it’s job.	2
Works good but not compatible with some apps	2
One of the screws couldnt go all the way in. Also it is not as sturdy as expected. I like the design. I am using it for my orchids.	2
Great product for a great price. Very well made.	2
This is a fun idea and the robot is cute and his dancing is entertaining but it is way too loud and plays the same song. I ended up taking out the batteries.	1
It is not as thick and cushy as I thought it would be.	2
Very cute and great price. Looks just like description	2
not an hp fan but this is cheapest touch screen computer I can buy for work use. other than that I hate window 10.	2
Make an annoying hum when you leave them plugged in to a socket. Tried different sockets in my house and they still continued to buzz this annoying little sound.	1
Horrible shipping time	1
Gorgeous necklace My niece was so excited to get it	2
I used this to run a small holiday inflatable yard decoration. The clock mechanism ran very fast, requiring resetting on a weekly basis to maintain the evening schedule I had it set for. I have a similar timer inside that runs my aquarium lights without any trouble, so I don't believe this is a problem with my home wiring. Then after about three months it stopped working altogether, so I gave up and just left the decoration on continuously.	1
The picture and the description indicate 4 floor mats in this set. I had to return these as there were only 3 mats-the two for the front row and only one for the back row. Luckily, a different order provided all 4 mats.	1
These are no good. Too small and cover part of camera. Spend the extra few dollars and go with a different brand.	1
Fits just right, easy to install. I was also surprised about how easy it was to find.	2
Light wasn't such a "warm" soft white. More a harsh blue light than advertised.	1
Not that great. Flimsy case but the price was pretty cheap so you pay for what you get.	1
fits well, great tool for removing links	2
Well, it seems the beige curtains aren’t black out at all. They still let a ton of light through. From reading other reviews, it looks like the other colors do a better job. They aren’t very thick and I still woke up to way more light than expected. The beige is room darkening... kind of disappointed. & They look cheap.	1
So, I don’t consider myself a hot sauce fanatic by any stretch, but I do use hot sauce daily and enjoy spicy foods regularly. I saw a video on these and thought how I’d love to give them a try, as I love ramen. Well, all you need to know about the heat level you can garner from just looking at the cartoon chicken character holding a bomb and breathing fire on the package. Hot. Molten hot. I added cheese to mine, and even though it cut through some of the heat, I had to chicken out and drink milk along with it. My face flushed bright red. My ears popped. Runny nose, teary eyes, swollen lips. The whole nine yards. The heat is intense, it took me for a ride, but a very tasty one indeed. The after affects last about 20 minutes, then you return to normal. I LOVED these. My husband ate one with me, though his heat tolerance is higher than mine and needed no milk to soothe his scorched tongue. How I envy him. Will order again!	2
Useless. Does not hold amazon basics 9’ high enough above ground. My ass drags the ground	1
Did not fit standard antenna port. Waste of money!	1
I first thought why a mango slicer. It’s one step and done. A great tool so glad I purchased. Sturdy, easy to clean and store	2
These are quite heavy and should last. My one complaint is that they do not hold as much as expected. They replaced cheap ones that broke easily, but held about 2 oz more.	2
I originally got the official raspberry pi case and noticed the system overheating immediately under very small load. This case with it's heat sinks and fans seem to be a perfect fix, the temp is now only in the fifties for both the cpu and gpu.	2
The quality is good. No dislikes	2
Shirt fits as expected. However the material isn’t what I thought it would be. The material of the shirt is more like a dri fit Athletic type shirt. It’s not a soft cotton. The material is heavy. The sleeves are cuffed just like in the picture. It’s not a bad shirt but it’s not the light weight material I was expecting.	2
Not an easy pen to lose, as happens way too often with my garden variety pens	2
Worst shipping, arrives a week late. Disappointed.	1
Very happy with the boots. Good quality.	2
this is just okay but there's none other out there that are better, I don't understand why it's so difficult to find a good sink saddle. The suction cups don't stick all the time the plastic get stained easy but it's basic and pretty Universal fit.	2
Nice quality fabric but not adequate compression feels like regular socks to me. Guess I'll wear 2 pair to get the compression I need.	2
Itchy. Had to wash a a few times.	1
The fun house was missing a page of magnets, the page with the children on it.	1
Thank you very much. I reserved republican of one glass. Thank you very much	2
Cancelled my order because it was going to the wrong address (my fault) and reordered with the correct address. 4 days later they ship the order I cancelled anyway. I try to cancel the order going to the correct address, send an e-mail to the company saying I want to cancel the newer order, they RESPOND to my e-mail the same day, and then ship the new order the next day anyway. When you willingly accept money from customers and then just don't monitor changes in those orders, you don't belong here.	1
This is adorable but it is VERY SMALL!! Compared to my peacock garden stake (also in photo), you can really barely see it. We’ll see how it looks at night and if you can see it at all.	2
It doesn't do anything and it's annoying while wearing	1
Very cool product. My son loves the bright colours. I hang it on the door know when I want to close the door. It performs as expected. Flexible. Good product.	2
Engaging fleshed out characters. An enjoyable book for a romance. Head and shoulders above other writers in the romance genre.	2
Ordered these as a gift for my mom and they’re pretty awful. They stink like burnt rubber, they don’t break in at all and hurt the ankles, and they’re super ugly.	1
Excellent needles. Much better than my previous needles which were too sharp and bent easily.	2
It sounds like a really good product. Problem is you have a hard time holding onto your dishes. Hope you like to juggle . Broke a glass just the other day and said goodbye gloves	1
I ordered what was pictured, I got a cheap pink plastic kit that's absolutely ugly, it doesn't state anywhere that there is the possibility of getting a different design otherwise I wouldn't have ordered it, the tools work for now but I won't be ordering again. Buyer beware! No refunds or exchanges even on unopened product.	1
The original date to be delivered was before Christmas and they ended up coming late, the day after. Also, when we finally received them on Wednesday, there were 2 Do not disturb socks instead of one that said I'm playing fortnite. There is a no return policy on this item and I could not find a way to contact the seller.	1
It contains alternate points of view and strategies on the best way to stir your actual internal potential, however, the best part was the some genuine stories of individuals who defeated difficulty and triumphed inevitably. They share details of how they found their footing and learned to carry on and live a rich and abundant life.	2
Good project car lots off of upgrade parts fyi buy ball bearing kit with this purchase plastic bushing wear out fast	2
Literally comes off after hours. Don’t waste your money.	1
Love, love, love them. I don’t usually like to buy clothes on line, but this was a very specific item I needed and did not want to search all over town so I took a chance and ordered them online, and thank fully I was not disappointed. Holly cow better than I was expecting. Thank you	2
This is super cute and I like that it has a piece plexiglass I Nate as of glass in case it gets knocked off the wall in baby’s room. The only think that I am not so happy with is that they spelled baby wrong on the name card! I am just going to make my own and it will be fine.	2
Tape is high quality and heavy duty	2
Arrived 11 days after I ordered. Arrived as one big chunk of chocolate. Looks like it completely melted and then cooled and hardened. What a waste.	1
awesome light, not as sturdy as I expected, but perfect for a small kitchen, throws good light.	2
Great poster...but was ripped in a small spot when I opened it.	2
Worth every penny. Got a kick out of this costume for sure. My son loved it. His father dressed up for his 4th birthday. They danced to pitbull- pause. & the party got 10x funner and funnier...worked great. Comfortable and breathable. Easy to set up.	2
Sensors must be kept out of sun and rain and 3 foot off the ground. Will not work for my driveway because sensors need to face eat and west. Do not want to build little boxes for them. Indoor use only.	1
I like the glasses. Very comfortable and light. Doesn’t come in a case. A plastic pouch is provided to store this. They break easily too.	2
Fits very well, not perfectly.	2
I’ve had this tracker for about a week now, so I feel like I can give a fair review. I was pleasantly surprised to find out my purple watch came with an extra black band. Weirdly enough, I also ordered a black one for my partner, but he didn’t get an extra band. It synced easily to my phone but not to my partner’s phone. What it tracks is very basic and not always accurate. The sleep tracker on my watch was completely inaccurate but accurate for my partner. It doesn’t immediately start counting steps, and from what I can tell it only tracks active calories and not daily total calories. This morning I felt it vibrate unexpectedly. I looked down and it had reset to factory settings! 10 minutes later, it had the right date and time, but all of my activity had disappeared. I give this tracker 3 stars because of the price. You get what you pay for. It’s basic. Mostly accurate. A few glitches. But for somebody on a budget it will do just fine. Hoping for an Apple Watch for Christmas. :D	2
Bought this when my original clip busted. Only difference is this clip does not swivel.	2
Very nice candles, bright and colorful. I'll be using these for our Halloween party at work!	2
Nice lid, watertight. I do dislike the fact that to get a good flow of drink, you have to open the grey stopper too, so you have to open the lid, then the stopper. If you leave the grey stopper up, the cup is no longer watertight.	2
Runs small. They need an xxl	2
Consumer Warning: Worth knowing. Amazon assumes NO RESPONSIBILITY when dealing with 3rd party seller. They will neither replace nor refund the amount charged if the product does not arrive. Posted one star only so review would be posted.	1
Wife really likes it over the original white pearl grips. Great work, thanks!	2
Bought these for my boyfriend. Belt loop ripped off within first week. Knee tore at about 3 months. now the back pockets are coming off(about 5 months in). Absurd.	1
Within a few weeks of having this on my iphone, the protector got scratched twice.	1
My IPD is 70, and this headset still looks pretty good. I adjust the headset to make my dominate eye (right eye) is clear and my left eye will look a little fuzzy, but my brain adjusts. It's not perfect, but I get used to it. I really wish there was a way to adjust the IPD mechanically. I'm planning on upgrading to a Valve Index in the future because of the manual IPD adjust. Until then, this headset works just fine. I do love the controllers, and I believe they're the best on market in my opinion. Main reason I don't want to switch to Valve is not only because they're way too expensive, but the controller sucks compared to Oculus. Other than that, it was very easy to setup, I encountered very few bugs. If you close a game out, sometimes it doesn't shut down properly and you'll have to reboot your computer. The headset speakers are trash. I recommend just using headphones or just use desktop speakers if you're playing a music game like Beat Saber. These have the worst speakers on the market, they're like 2 watt 1990's speakers that come with your Compaq Presario. Not even joking, they're a step up from internal motherboard speakers.	2
I ordered a different item then what was pictured.	1
Case is very protective, but it does muffle sound so much you have to remove the case to make a phone call	1
The parts are all plastic and fall apart after using them a couple of months. Not recommended!	1
Never received this item. Did like was told and gave it time - then after some family emergencies forgot. Be careful ordering from here!!	1
At the waist it was too big where it bows out	1
Didn’t work for my hair at all like the shampoo and the conditioner. It made my hair dry	1
This product is an absolute joke after putting it in the water and letting it sit for almost 3 full days it's simply became a little mis-shaped and barely showed any growth. Very disappointed 4 year old. Don't waste your money.	1
I love these straws as I can reuse them over and over again. The problem is, what is marketed as an 11 inch straw only measures 10 inches. The package is also marked 11 inches. You can see from the photo the that the straws I just purchased is one inch shorter than my old straw which is 11 inches. You can also see on the back of the package it is labelled as 11 inches. If you don't need the extra inch I highly recommend these straws.	1
Awesome bike light! Actually a great light for anything, you can even use it as a flashlight. It’s mini, a perfect little size, and water proof as well (Which I tested and it’s true!) Highly recommend and I’ll be purchasing more of these for myself and friends who would use/love it!	2
Too small! Decent quality...not amazing but not terrible.	1
I was excited to find a vitamin for my tween that wasn't a chewable as directed by a dietician. This seemed like a great option. However-it is a huge pill and apparently tastes awful according to my daughter. She struggles to swallow it and ends up in tears most of the time. She is normally a very good pill taker but this one is a real doozy!	1
These say right on the package that it contains 'Brazil Nuts' and that was the main reason I ordered 3 cans! I've opened one and I haven't decided if I'm going to send the others back or not. Just really disappointed that they were misrepresented.	2
I love the fan's circulating features, but I had another one (gift) which I broke while trying to find a way to CLEAN it. Don't know what I'll do when this one gets dirty.	2
It provided a variety of embroidery floss and I love it! What I dislike about this product is that there should be more beads and colors for this. It makes your bracelets very limited. Overall I’ll give it a solid 4 stars out of 5	2
I love Karen Rose. I have read all her books some i have absolutely loved others not quite so much. This is one of those. Characters were good but again not my favorite, I liked Sasha and her family a lot. Maybe I'll like it better after a reread.	2
Holds my asus zen tablet with a case ok. Can buy 2 of these for one iottie tablet mount. (My favorite mount)	2
Handle ripped off after 2 months of use	1
Bought phone card but can not use it for my LG 440 phone because they discontinued service for 2 and 3 G phones in my area. Was told to buy 4 G phone and they would not give me a refund for airtime card. I think I should have been given some type of notice they were doing away with these phones.	1
Bought these for some old wool military pants and they work great.	2
Wrong, repacked, broken candles received. I see other similar comments. Bought same set, prompt indicated, in dec and it was correct. Beware.	1
I bought 2 of them for gifts one wouldn't work	2
Great cover. Fits well and color is just as pictured. Would definitely purchase again.	2
Advertised wrong product, doesn't fit on pixel 3. Need refund.	1
The product arrived very quickly, however it is a lot slower than I expected,	2
The mosaic is uneven and looks messy instead of hand-crafted. I’d purchased this for my daughter’s godparents but returned it and got something else.	2
I ordered this battery for my sister's laptop and it was a pretty good deal. There are, however, two small issues. The first was that the plug was shaped different than the original HP battery pack and had an awkward fit. The second issue was that I had to make a couple of the holes larger because they didn't quite line up with the corresponding screw holes of the laptop. Once I resolved the issues, everything worked fine. The charge seemed to last about 3 hours from full to drained in case anyone is curious.	2
This works well, but I was disappointed that the finish was worn upon arrival.	2
I bought these for my mother. She liked them but said she got tired of the same flavor day after day. Wish they came in a variety pack.	2
Ya it says pool cover !!! Will be sending it back	1
This was USED! All the stickers were put on, there was tape on the box, random batteries in the box, clearly this was a very used item and I am appalled that this was sent as a new item!	1
Good quality and quick shipping. Recommended!	2
They don't last if you have to remove them off and on to take photos, but if you don't then they should hold great.	1
This gauge don't read correct pressures between the range of 50-60 psi	1
Received product as described.	2
love this i believe this could actually be true	2
Good thing my child had a backup costume because I couldn’t count on you guys for it, especially paying extra for 2 day shipping. Disappointed!	1
This is a 3-pack of standard desoldering wick. It dispenses easily and does a good job of absorbing excess or unwanted solder. Shipping was quick enough and the price was very good. When I get down to the last roll (and that, hopefully, will be a while) I'll order the same again.	2
Supposed to be 1 normally open and 1 normally closed. Instead I got 2 normally closed switches. WTF	1
Good for sleeping in, but hardly "super soft" as the product name implies. These feel more like the material used to make hospital gowns, which aren't exactly soft either.	2
No fleece in sight or inside. Felt is the lining. Will go back to Walmart and order from them. Fleece lining for this product is a whole lot warmer. Disappointed. Will look into returning this item but it isn't worth postage or restocking fee nor the time involved in rewrapping and the trip to the post office if I have to pay to return it. Bot the same labeled item from Walmart and it was faux fleece lined as advertised. Feel write up on this item in Amazon is misleading since the lining is felt.	1
I love to wear these throughout the summer. Very comfortable.	2
Advertised as working with the Galaxy Smart Watch ... bought it to have a second charger for travel, but it does not charge the watch. When the watch is placed on the charger, it does not charge and the watch displays the message "Use the original charger."	1
The product is very nice...but it doesn't fit.	1
Too narrow. Too small of a return window	1
I had a pair of vents that I *loved* and I can't find anymore - they were the softer silicone, so they didn't irritate my nose like these sometimes do being harder, and they had a little "clip" like piece up the side that went outside of the nostril, and I don't know if it was more to hold it in place, or to just keep you from inserting too far. But they are by far the most comfortable ones I ever had. And I can't find them anymore, so these seemed the next best thing to try. They work, but as I noted, these are a bit stiffer, and I often find that they actually irritate my nose enough to make it runny, scratching and scraping the interior of the nostril sometimes. Not always though. But when they're not making my nose all wet, they do the trick. The multiple sizes make it almost a guarantee that you'll find one to fit your nose.	2
the picture quality was so bad and about a 1/2 second behind the dialog no matter how many times i tried to restart it. i even switched browsers thinking maybe that would help.	1
Great gift for the man who has everything! Looks sharp! Fast delivery, nice gift box. Thank you!	2
Really nice item, great value	2
Purchased two of these...both stands broke off.. asked seller for just the plastic stand piece and was offered a 3 dollar discount if I purchased another one.... why would I do that if the stand keeps breaking??!!!	1
I enjoyed the humor and the writing of these novellas. I was not expecting them to be so short, so was a tad disappointed as I finished as I felt there could have been more to the story; that the novels could have been more complex. However, sometimes its nice just picking up a shorter story.	2
Good for cute puppy art that we are making but some of them were flatten. I need to puff it out.	2
Good case! It’s white so your typical jean stains and what not rub on it. There is the writing on the back next to the camera.	2
These were for my son’s graduation party. The balloons did not float with helium. I had to use tape to use as wall decorations instead.	1
Ouch. Cable is way too long, unless you sit 10ft from your phone or PC.	1
Parts came on time. Selected year, make and model of car. Car ran horrible, then not at all	1
OK like im sure a lot of people have I saw this product floating around social media and the internet and wondered it if really works? Well let me tell ya it does! I love this thing and for the price yes please! It is a little bit bigger than I thought it would be probably double the size of a lipstick tube but is still as discrete as one. The plastic is a little cheaper feeling as well and it does sound like a normal electric razor. I have a beauty mark mole above my lip that started to get a lot of hair as I got older and I really got sick of using wax or a little brow razor to try and get rid of the hair and if I forgot to do it while I was home then I was stuck with it all day. I love this fits in my bag and just two or three swipes over the area and its a close shave, feels just like I got it waxed!	2
I was told I’d receive an email for this product. I have yet to receive it and it has been over a week. I received one for a lawn care products immediately. But have yet to receive it for my iRobot.	1
I chose these bookmarks to support better reading comprehension in all books that this teenage child will read. I do not at all appreciate the words of Scripture because it would not be helpful for this child. It may confuse him and has nothing at all to help his reading comprehension learning.	2
Could defiantly use more filling in the corners to prefer from sinking in and looking weird.	1
Nice quality, great product.	2
Didn’t work the second I put them on. My 83 year old mom still tells me that you get what you pay for	1
I’m disappointed with this phone case. I’ve bought this 3 times now and each time the wallet door breaks off with in a couple of weeks.	1
The game wouldn’t load, had to delete it	1
Very poor quality of digital flame	1
Smaller than expected. Single person size	2
For the price they are okay, not much ink in them.	2
Seem just fine, good pens as part of it.	2
I was surprised at the biblical knowledge she has. It was a pleasant read. Learning to live a Christian life can be difficult. I think Candice clears some of that up.	2
If would be concern to buy this for a gift because I have never seen such a plastic cheap box. Other than that, these earings are stunning! I compared my Moissanite earing (on the right) with the Swarovski's one (on the left) and the Swarovski's one is more brilliant!!! Again beautiful and stunning.	2
Lasted two days of skiing and gone. I followed all the instructions and snapped it on to my wife's ski coat. After two days of skiing it had come undone and fell off. Not as sturdy as they claim.	1
Very basic which is what I was looking for. I wanted something easy to wash which these appear to be. They are comfortable under your feet. They do stay wet longer than I’d like after getting out of the shower but I switched from microfiber which dries faster than cotton so it’s just an adjustment.	2
Do not buy this product. The color is not what it looks like. Completely different.	1
Some are pretty good. Some, the nozzle falls off before you use it. Pump seems to works well. Inconsistent length of the suction straw, some dont reach the bottom. If you need cheap, you win with this product. If you need quality...keep shopping.	1
perfect if you have several men that like to pass gas while you're watching TV and they think it's funny you spray that and they will stop passing gas for now on in the TV room,	2
Came with missing parts had to call to get part shipped	1
Case kept my phone on and because of it my phone constantly died. Thought phone had shut off feature but didn’t.	1
My sis and I teach seniors citizens all sorts of crafts in the senior apartments that she lives in. It's always fun and these will be glued onto all sorts of things!	2
This is inexpensive and, to the extent that it is a it smaller, preferable to the more expensive big-name products. However I found the left-right buttons to be rather squishy and uncomfortable. Like all arc mice, I also wish it would work while flat, as I find that less stressful on the hand. One remark: I wish the listing states that it does not come with batteries (2 x AAA), so I would have been prepared.	2
I bought this Fitbit to track my swimming workouts. According to the description it can go under water and track swimming workouts. I don’t see swimming as an optional activity to track.	1
I am 5' 10 and 165 pounds and purchased a medium. VEry nice product. Nice to have the full back covered so you do not see the bra fat rolls. I have this one in nude and got another in black. It makes you very shapely. The only draw back is the straps right at the arm pit cut in a bit so it is not great for wearing more than five hours. it is not a design flaw, it is jut the way it needs to be fitting to give you that slim look. Worth a try for sure and if you want to walk around in a fitted dress and get rid of ALL your rolls this is the product for you.	2
Not bad for 7 bucks. Easy to throw with the heavy weight.	2
Worked fine for about a month. Then worked intermittently. Now after 3 months not at all.	1
I’d give this 0 stars if I could. This thing broke and it’s junk	1
Good product. I wish it had a longer cord but I knew its 4ft.	2
U get what you pay for	1
Tried these bottles for my 2 month old. Terrible less than a week and he developed colic again. Had to return did not work for me. These were also very inconvenient and prolonged the amount of time it took to make a bottle.	1
Jewels were not all there when I recieved.	1
Bought this vacuum sealer without research since I am very happy with another Cosori product-air fryer. From the very beginning auto seal was tricky to use. Two weeks later the unit started to take over 2 minutes to auto seal. After sending it back and ordering a sealer from another company I saw that Cosori sealer didn't work properly from the very beginning. By the way, when I called the company the customer service didn't even know that they make this product. However still would recommend their air fryer.	1
I've found Kastking to be a great product any problem I may of had were taking care of quickly and hassle free! I would recommend to anyone!	2
Nice Blouse got this in XL , it was to tight the hips down , wish they made this much loser esp the chest down and the stomach area , you can tuck this in jeans etc , wish it was more looser , so sad , brought a couple of these shirts hoping they would fit nicely .	1
I bought this for my daughter and we were so excited about it. It worked for maybe 20 minutes tops... I thought that maybe my batteries were bad.. nope. We tried several different batteries and it still doesn’t work. It’s a cute puzzle, I just wish it still sang the song!	1
Very nice for the money. Bought 1 size larger as suggested and it was a bit large on me. I’m 6’4” and 230. Would order XL on next order.	2
I bought this whole system for my husbands thinning, wispy hair. It has definitely given his hair more volume. Not sure it has actually grown new hair or thickened existing hair, but it has made his hair look healthier.	2
It works great and I bought three all had the same issue the prongs snag on my uniform and come out the or the flashlight button comes off other than that it did its job when I needed it to and that's what counts	2
Ordered a fan and received supplement pills.	1
I bought this mouse to use with my desktop PC for my work from Home job. I started using it right away and loved the comfort with my wrist pad, however. I'm having to click everything 2 or 3 times when Im using it and when Im on a call with a customer it really holds things up having to re-click and wait for the screen. It does have a loud click that my callers can hear. My old wireless mouse was silent and worked well. I needed to have a wired one for the new job and dont know what to do at this point to get it to work better. Im hoping I can contact Customer Service and see what they can do if anything and I will update my review accordingly.	1
Too small and I didn’t know. Gave as a gift and too late to return.	1
So, this thing is clever science. The friction of pulling the wig against the grain on the velvet on the band causes it to stay in place. It works. Now, if you right the wig WITH the grain of the velvet (the opposite direction), it still falls. This isn't an issue at all, but something to note. While styling my wig, I flipped the band around, changing the grain direction so I could brush the fibres without the wig shifting.	2
MY POPPY SUFFERED A FATAL KIDNEY DECEASE AFTER FEEDING HIM FROM THIS PRODUCT RECIEVED IN APRIL. REQUEST MY MONEY BACK AND CANCEL ALL FUTURE ORDERS.... YOU CAN HAVE BACK THE MAY SHIPMENT , TELL ME WHERE TO DROP IT?	1
Heating feature is a nice addition but falls short of adequate, a nice variety of vibe modes but even fully charged it lacks strength and stamina. The only real good feature is the magnetic charging system.	1
I bought this item for my new granddaughter. There are so many choices on the market to choose from it’s hard to pick just one. What sold me on this one is the sensor alarm for when the baby is left in the seat. After hearing and reading all the horror stories out there of babies being left in the car. This eases mind a little more that she will not be forgotten. The stroller is very sturdy, wheels turn with ease.	2
Awkward, poorly designed. Don't be fooled.	2
Good knife . Bought in case I ever need to be a first responder. Don’t plan to use the knife for self defense as I am a legal CCW holder and have my pistol for protecting my life. The only issue is the belt clip on the knife is fragile I got it caught on the corner of a table and it won’t bend back into place now.	2
Very clearly a knock off. Fits good and don't feel too bad. I use them when working on stuff and don't want to ruin my nice shoes. I wouldn't wear them out in public due to how clearly fake they are.	2
Too big for my legs but probably good for average size women Im 5.7 120 pounds	2
Needed to be modified	2
The material in these projectiles vary quite a bit. Some are soft and foam-like, others hard, like rubber. The hard ones do very poorly in a automatic flywheel gun.	1
I use this outside to keep little lizards away from the doors. I usually spray every 10 days or so and seems to be working!	2
Very cheap materials. I received the light fixtures on Thursday and installed them the following Saturday. The fixtures are very light weight, that’s because there made with a very light gauge materials. The plastic covers are very flimsy. Three out of four of them cracked during installation. One the fixtures didn’t work due to poor factory installation. I had to repair the fixture , due the difficulty of installation. I haven’t call amazon about these issues yet, but I’m going to call ASAP. My purchase of these fixtures was based on the ratings and descriptions of this product. I’m wondering is the ratings are real or made up just to push product.	1
I purchased this because I love the idea and benefits of a copper water bottle. However, it's proving impossible to keep the oxidation at bay - I'm finding this is adding a musty smell/taste to my water. I can scrub the bottle up to a point, but polishing down inside isn't happening.	2
i was so excited to get these cute and inexpensive sandals. i bought 2 pairs (one black and one brown)! there's a plastic piece on the thong inbetween the toes that is very comfortable. they were a little small/short for me but i have a high arch. i returned them!	1
Husband says product works great. Fits perfect. Thanks!	2
Already showing heavy wear	1
Save your money. It does nothing for cast iron cookware. Just buy a stainless steel scrubbie. They're cheap and work much better.	1
Absolutely cannot get lotion out of bottle... despite storing it upside down! I will have to throw out.f	1
Very cheap looking and smelling. Very disappointed!	1
I was excited to try this cocoa powder but was really disappointed with the end result. I make homemade chocolates and had been using Hershey's cocoa powder, but wanted something "healthier." As other reviewers have noted, this powder has a less appealing flavor and doesn't taste as good as Hershey's. That said, everyone has a different palate so it might appeal to some, but I have a feeling you'll be disappointed like I was.	2
Because they are made to open up to clean they obviously leak water out the seams when your squirting with them. Good concept, and they work fine for some play.	2
Straighten but will break your hair. Does not get close enough.	1
Great product. As far as practical needs go, i like the metal cages better than plastic	2
I loved these growing up and was super excited to share these with my kids....boy was I wrong, they tasted like they'd been soaked in soap. All 5 of my kids plus myself instantly spit them out. I thought maybe the first bag was just bad luck...nope second one tasted like soap also. Very disappointed!	1
They are extremely fragile! If you do pretty much ANYTHING with your hands, the nails will split VERY easily. So sad, because they really do look nice after they are applied, and polished.	2
The bookshelf arrived missing half the hardware required to assemble.	1
The shape of some of it is off, but it works.	2
This case was just what I was looking for. Looks great, fits great. Shipping was fast and efficient. Overall, if you have an iPad mini 4, this is a great deal.	2
Terrible product thin flimsy and won’t stay on the arms of my recliner DONT BUY THIS PRODUCT ITS WORTHLESS	1
Nothing to this. Just 8x11 size paper. Need to use a pretty frame	2
Excellent assortment of icing tips with a very quality container that they are stored in. Just be aware that there is supposed to be information included regarding the access of the referenced e-book. I had to contact the seller for this information as it was not included with the order which I received.	2
Informative for diabetic. I find it difficult to find a suitable book for my taste preferences, but this book was able to 100% satisfy my taste buds. Every day I cook one recipe from here and my family is happy. Thanks for this useful book.	2
They don't packaged properly. Came home to Candy all melted.	1
Glue came undone on one of the earbuds. These are 4 dollar buds sold for 16 bucks. Shady company.	1
When I got it in I installed it almost immediately. You can plug an iPod in and it will charge but will not play anything other than Bluetooth and the radio. I think mine is defective unless there is a setting I am not aware of. I have set it to usb any ideas or did I just get a bum unit?	2
Honestly, the size is amazing for my bunny. Great large wide cage love love LOVE the size. but absolutely HATE the way its built. so many damn pieces, it is so hard to get the top of the cage on to the bottom without a five minute battle. Makes cleaning so dreadful. I have figured out zip ties in ever corner and every where really secures it to be sturdy. but seriously, I don't know how any one can give this a 5 stars with no issues with it what so ever. PLEASE make this cage better.	1
Cheap knock off knife.	1
Nice and durable, will be ordering again if anything happens to this one. Seems to be durable and it was fairly cheap $$ as well.	2
dries really fast, not bad when in a hurry. I'd still recommend going full light curing gel polish.	2
This was my first ever urination device and I am a fan! However, I do wish it were a little more funnel-like, as it’s easy to get a little splash here and there unless you realllly control your flow, which is pretty annoying. Other than that, no complaints!	2
They fit great at the waist band. But it says long legged and they are not. they are real short and ride up very easily .. very uncomfortable because I have to keep readjusting them	1
it absolutely did not clean the grill!	1
Cute! My students love them.	2
Found 1 to to be broken out of the box. Glued it back together. Hopefully it holds.	1
Love the hat. Pretty addition to workout on the run clothes that tend to be gray, black and jeans.great fit and quality.	2
Great. Printer. but. It. Is. Slow.	2
Love this case. Love the compartment. Only problem is I dropped it from sitting position and the back slide door broke off. Now it's ruined.....had to throw away. Only got to use it for about a week.	2
My grand kids love to play with this.	2
could not find a template to print on these labels and it is extremely hard to see the edges of the labels to peel them off.	2
This is cute but don’t think young children will get the reference. They will still enjoy seeing the pictures the little dinosaur making a mess	2
was size I was wanting	2
It is NOT a stitched patch it’s rubber.,	1
I bought for my mom. I gave it 3 stars because I think it was too thin. It came in with a lot of white fuzz. Not completely satisfied.	2
Used for about a week. My fish started looking and acting odd. Bought a thermometer and tested water temp and obviously this wasn’t working. Useless	1
Came up pregnant on 10 DPO	2
This is a very decent set of taps for the price. They are not made to the tightest possible tolerances but work well enough for my purposes being used for low stress joining of pla plastic parts. I bought a different set from a different seller, for more money and they arrived loose in a ziploc, this set came in a nice case.	2
the metal would not go in	2
I got exactly what I ordered in a timely fashion but I did find it on the Shelf at Walmart for half the price.	2
First of all, the bath bomb does not form. Press it hard and waited for 30 min. The bomb came out into half. So there are no surprises at all!! Can I return it after using the first time???	1
It was nice until it shattered.	2
It was given as a memorial for a loved one.	2
Very thin. I doubled them up.	1
Bolo broke 1st use. Falls apart a lot. Spend a little bit more for a better product. You'll have to anyways.	1
Main piece was weak, very slippery when used.	2
I bought these instead of getting more bamboobies. What I didn't know is that when breast feeding you become more tender and can't tolerate anything less than super soft. Skip these and get bamboobies.	1
I am not sure what is going on with it. After 2.5 months of using it, the scroll wheel physically works, but on the screen, it scrolls, but when you stop the wheel, the screen returns to its original location. It's a crazy maker. I love the feel of the mouse. This is actually the second one that I have owned. Now that I think about it, the last one failed on me as well. Maybe I should choose another mouse this next time. FYI, the return window was one month, and the support window was two months. I am SOL.	1
Got several compliments on this.	2
So far I've used the lavender in my bedroom (I spray it on my sheets before I go to bed) and the orange one in the kitchen to try and freshen the air. The scents are nice - for being on the mild side they do last longer than I thought they would. I don't know if they would work as an odor eliminator but I do like them a lot.	2
And E It was easy to install but I could only get 22 stations, even the stations that were only 20 miles away only came in when the weather was clear. In foggy weather even CBS would not stay tuned in.	1
Love the product but PRICE WAY TO HIGH	2
I bought this item on a Black Friday 2018 deal, so got a major steal. I keep the case in my everyday carry bag in the event I'll need to charge my phone on the go. In my opinion, the case is too bulky to be an everyday case. I wanted to put it to a real test, so I recently let my phone battery drop to 1% and then plugged it into this Mophie case. With minimal device use during charging, this Mophie case was able to charge my iPhone up to 86%. In my opinion, this is disappointing given Mophie's claim of "100% additional charge". The case does make charging on the go a little more convenient than a spare battery/lighting cable set up, but like I said, it too bulky to be an everyday case.	2
Came with the white and not the rainbow colour. I was bummed I had to pay more for the rainbow one, but still ended up getting the white one. Otherwise, they’re great earrings and easy to use.	2
They work well for washing my dog but the pair I bought to wash dishes won't work out dishes slip out of your hands. All in All I like them and I'm sure I'll find many good usages for this buy.	2
Caused nothing but more pain.....Wouldn't recommend this product at all.	1
Simple setup, looks great, works better. Very happy with this!	2
Out of 6 bottles 2 will not stay closed it bounces back when trying to close cap	2
Can't give it 5 stars, because the cards did not have the gold border.	2
Its a great shoe, just surprised that after 3 months the lining on both shoes ripped. Disappointed, they didn't last.	1
A screw came off the assembly and made contact with the chain. Broke most of the teeth on the chain. I filed a return.	1
Very glamorous. This is currently my most loved items since I can spare such a great amount of cash with this item since its reusable. It gives me a sensational impact each day and I get such huge numbers of compliments when I wear them. This item is exceptionally glitzy.	2
The price was good. But I guess you get what you pay for. I bought this to train my dog. Worked well for about 2 weeks then the receiver did want to sync.	1
I did like the fact that the set is supposed to be stainless steel & it is rusting.	1
I didn’t really like this product. It was hard to spread peanut butter onto and my shin-tzu was able to lick it up really quickly. Also the continuous licking caused it to wear out pretty quickly.	1
Really comfortable at first. Three months later I started to have issues with my foot. Unexplained pain...Felt like gout or bone spur. As time went on my foot would be fine, then pain. Lots of it. i thought maybe I had diabetes and this was a symptom. Turns out it was the left boot..Not sure what the issue is. It felt like it fit fine, but it didnt. Turns out my co worker had the same boots and same size. low and behold the same type of foot pain. I bought a cheaper set of boots (dickies ) No pain anymore. Not sure why Timberland has gone down hill wit the quality....Ive been buying a pair a year from them for over 10 years. never a problem before.	1
got this reel for a back up rod. tho maybe not the best reel in the world it is functional and good enough for what I bought it for. worth the money and would consider another	2
My dogs have been on Purina smart blend for awhile. All 3 of my dogs got the runs at same time, 2 mini dachshunds and a boxer. They all eat the same food and I know for sure they didn’t get into anything. Something is really wrong with our bag of food cause this is not normal. We have also switched food in the past with minimal change in their poop. They were only on this bag a few days. I feel horrible for them. Gave multiple baths and cleaned up multiple messes I’m so disappointed. Watch out.	1
Awful. This literally started melting and smoking after 15 mins!	1
The cream itself is really good and I'm very happy with it. The price is good too, especially since I've been used to buying high end creams for $50 and over, so this is definitely a great change for my pocket. The only problem I have with this product is that the bottle comes as a pump and the pump was broken in every single bottle I received. I received 4, that includes 2 replacements that I hoped would have a working pump. So to use the cream I had to break the bottle and put it in a different container. I tried that with the first bottle and after liking the cream, I did the same for the remaining bottles. I probably won't buy anymore due to the inconvenience of having to break the container, but I definitely like the cream enough to keep what I already have. It's texture is smooth and it is not greasy. After 2 weeks of use I can definitely feel the change in my overall skin appearance, smoothness and texture. I have oily skin and this product is also great for oily skin, because it is not greasy and I don't feel like it's caked on or clogging my pores. In general I'm very happy with the way my skin feels and looks, and have to say I'd put it on the same level of high-end creams that I'm used to using in the past, except for the fraction of the cost.	2
Writing is in poor English. Makes me question the non-toxic claim.	1
I loved the variety of colors and craftsmanship of each bow. Beautifully made. The clips, however, will not clamp onto the hair causing the bows to fall off of the hair.	2
Love the pen looks great felt good in my hands, it connected quickly. But man I’m on day 9 and still won’t work there’s two spots where battery’s the back of the pen connects to the computer. The AAA battery in the front still doesn’t work with my computer. Maybe it’s just me that can’t get it to work.	1
Putting it quite bluntly, this book was just no good. By the end of the book I wasn't even sure who the murderer was. I know his name but there were so MANY names, I'm not really sure who he was or how he fit into the story. There were dozens of names of people connected to the story. To complicate matters even more, sometimes they were called by their first name and sometimes they were called by their last name. I had a very hard time remembering who was who and what part they played in the story. In the end I just gave up on trying to keep every name, first and last, straight. The author wrote this book like it was a novel with imagined conversations, thoughts, and movements. It was enough to make a real true crime buff crazy! It all sounded so fake and made up! With a complexity of characters and the imagined conversations it was just not a fun book to read. Also, there was NOTHING about the trials other than the results. Had this been my first true crime book, I probably would have never read another one. I have read hundreds and this was one of the worst. Friends often want me to recommend a "good true crime book" to them. This will NOT be one of my recommendations! There was nothing about it that I enjoyed. No good!	1
I have had these gloves for about a month. I was concerned about ordering online but the measurement was pretty accurate. They fit well and do not hold moisture which prevents smelling. Great purchase for the price.	2
Not sure why the description says its glow in the dark. As far as I can see, it only glows under a black light. The color is really bright. It has the feel and consistency of medical tape. It's a sticky cloth feel.	2
Didn't use it right away. But when I did try to light something I got shocked.	2
Good kit, did not come with jewelry as it said it would.	2
If it is windy, the wind will catch it and some leaves and snow can still get underneath no matter how tight you put it. If there is no wind it works great.	1
They don’t last that long when your using the phone, but then again neither did the original batteries that came with the phone. Batteries of yesteryear lasted a whole lot longer	2
Good quality and pretty look	2
The front is curved so depth perception was distorted.	1
The items themselves are beautiful, however the box it came in was all beat up and the product packaging itself had looked like it had previously been opened. I hope this review will help improve the packaging in the future because the items were very nice.	1
Clean nice fast shipping	2
they said these toys where 3-5 inches and they are tiny 1 inch for autistic child, its christmas i have to try to give it to him, he may eat them.............................................thanks alot	1
Holds umbrella well in strong wind, and wheels help maneuver the umbrella	2
These are really comfortable sandals. My only complaint is that they are a little hard to get on because you have to pull up a fairly tight fitting rope over the heal. Other than that, great shoe!	2
I'm returning this item $50 plus $24 for limited monitoring and gps tracking a month. Battery fully charged died within 5 hours. Not the best. Plus I'm out the $24 SIM for the month	1
I have never read mobster family love stories but I really liked this series. The books were well written and suspenseful as well as being sexy and steamy. Once I started, I couldn't stop.	2
These are ok for quiet situations but they are absolutely useless on motorcycles. I can hear nothing. Don’t waste your money.	1
The clip broke the second day I had it.	1
This is an absolute piece of shit! The magnetic doesn’t even hold my phone. So mad I should never of bought this, waste of money	1
Very cute, just not well made.	2
The instructions state to use whole milk to froth. I found this did not work and was going to return the product. I decided to try heaving whipping cream, which I prefer in my coffee anyhow, and it works. I froth once, then wait 3 minutes and froth a second time and it's just right. It's problematic, but better than getting out my mixer.	2
This was a gift to my husband. He liked that he could finally get a belt to fit just right, great idea, no problem with getting it to fit.	2
I loved them. They match my bedspread and the right length. Quality was excellent	2
These work fine in the first week, but Internet was dropping constantly afterward. Thinking to returning it.	1
Box came fully sealed but it was missing 100 pieces. Needless to say, it was a waste.	1
I have read almost all her books. This was her worse by far.. amature writing. Not worth the read .	1
This is wonderful and it makes your room smell just like a day spa! It's soothing and relaxing with a lavender top note that does not bother my allergies. Also, the bottle is twice the size of other essential oils I've purchased, which is not really something advertised. Really liking the GuruNanda brand. With this oil, I also mix a few drops of peppermint oil too and that helps if you tend to get a stuffy head at night. The other aroma by this company I have is called Invigorate and it's quite nice too.	2
IT'S A LITTLE SNUG, BUT STILL CUTE. IF YOU DON'T MIND A LITTLE FORM FITTING TO SHOW YOUR CURVES IT'S GREAT GETTING YOUR ACTUAL SIZE, OTHERWISE GO A SIZE UP FOR MORE LOOSE FITTING... BUT THIS STYLE LOOKS BETTER FORM FITTING IN MY HONEST OPINION.	2
The charger port won’t stay closed	2
It looks great on the phone.	2
I didn't notice any effects. Had to go to the doctor for some real stuff.	2
Good product but the hood is definitely made for someone with an abnormally large head.	2
Overpriced for a piece of wire, but it does the job.	2
they roll it and the treats fall out - it's really messy on the floor, their slobber is everywhere and food falls out randomly all over my floor... They don't have to interact, just balance the toy out. Just not our thing.	1
The boots fit well and don't slip off due to the two velcro straps. They are long, and take a while to put on. HOWEVER, after less than 10 walks on smooth sidewalks they have holes in the soles and toe areas. These are NOT robust enough for dogs that tend to drag their paws - like German Shepherds.	1
Using this to make sugar water to use when we have friends over or parties to allow everyone to add sugar as needed for tea or other drinks. It is a harder plastic than I expected. The handle was not as comfortable as I thought it should be. I had a few rough spots on mine that I addressed. It does come apart for easy cleaning. It does what it was intended to do.	2
Bulbs are fine but they emit the ugliest blueish white light ever. This is nothing like I would ever wish to look at. I have no idea why anyone makes a bulb other than warm white. I realize this is advertised as daylight but daylight looks nothing like this.	1
Very helpful. I haven’t tried yet but it showed how many times/ ratio(food & water) to input the instant pot clearly with picture!	2
Just don't like the way it writes and one of them had a broken body. Not the quality I was hoping for.	1
2 weeks later with home treatments and flea collar and still fleas and flea eggs, none of the fleas were even dead.	1
Not my team but bought for a friend Nd it was not long enough on the sides	2
Reasonable price but with the thick plastic shade it was not as bright as I hoped. Wanted to use it for task light but didn't work well for that	2
Really like mine but I still need to figure out how to hang it off my belt.	2
Customer service was great and very responsive to all my questions, so I had high hopes when I placed my order. Unfortunately I experienced issues that wouldn't let me keep the radio. 1) My biggest concern was that the radio seemed to be overheating. When I first installed it and used it for a few minutes, the radio was already getting hot. When I uninstalled it after driving home, the back of the radio was almost too hot to touch. Due to that issue I was not comfortable leaving it installed in my vehicle. 2) I have a convertible and driving the car when the sun is out means I can't use the radio. The screen was completely blacked out by the sun, so much so that I wasn't able to see anything at all on the screen. 3) the can bus included did not work with my vehicle, a 2008 VW Eos. 4) even though it says it fits a 2008 VW Eos, the bottom edge of the radio is a teeny bit too large for the stock frame to comfortably fit over it. If I pushed it over the radio to complete the install, it would have made it very difficult to remove the frame without breaking it.	1
6 capsules for one serving not the best deal	1
It's so cute! All of the pieces fit together well. The colors are vibrant and the design is adorable. I especially like the inclusion of wasabi punishments (tasks?) though some are a bit odd. It adds an extra level of fun to the classic style of stacking game. I also like the suggestions for various ways you can play the game.	2
Way to many buttons that I thought I could get used to but i feel now that it's impossible to reach or get used to any all buttons. Very heavy and awkward to hold other than that it's ok.	1
Its pretty and I like the colors.	1
Very nice. Looks just like the picture.	2
Tastes great for a keto option, but arrived damaged and leaking despite the very thorough packaging.	2
Cleaned my yucky smeared glasses quickly! Jewelry is next to try. It is relatively small and super easy to use.	2
Very high-quality sox, but not designed for running/anti-sweat/breathing. I don't regret buying them for situations where I need a thicker sock; however, I was looking for more of a sport sock that is thin and breaths well. Overall a good quality product for anyone seeking a thicker sport sock.	2
These are Christmas presents for my almost 2 year old twins. I ordered early to make sure I had time to return in case they arrived in unacceptable condition. I knew my kods would want to ride these right away and I did not want to be stuck with some of the cosmetic issues other reviewers had. There are definitely some quality control issues with these bikes. Each one had small paint chips on the frame near the wheels. Also, one had what looks like metal flakes that had stuck to the frame and then been painted over. A bit of a bummer but I all of these flaws were small and in less noticeable areas of the frame. However, the design is fantastic, the price is great, and I think my kids will really enjoy these.	2
Bought these for filling in my 1 and 3 year olds Easter baskets. They did the trick and the kids had fun playing with them afterwards. Only downside is that I wish they were bigger.	2
If you don't already understand futures markets, speculation and other very focused theories of economics, you won't learn them from this documentary, and you won't understand this very important landmark in economic history. You also won't understand what in fact the seventeenth century Dutch were trading, because the documentary can't even explain how the life cycle of a tulip results in the opportunity for speculation. If you plant a bulb, get a tulip, and then dig up the bulb - what have you gained? If you don't know the difference between mother and daughter bulbs, you won't be enlightened by this documentary. Lots of knowledge and understanding of historic and current markets are required to really get anything out of this piece.	2
Much smaller than the description says. I have never encountered a "not eligible for return" item on Amazon.	1
I am very fair/pale so I am not sure if all skin tones would be able to do what I am doing (without visible white residue) since the product is completely white... I have been mixing this powder into my setting powder (which has a very light tint) and I LOVE the matte finish it provides while also protecting my skin. I am honestly surprised I haven’t read about this idea more. It is a win-win for mattifying/oil control as well as a safe sunscreen. I imagine you could mix this in any kind of foundation or face powder as well.	2
Came as expected, good quality.	2
These are really big and ugly in person but they do work. I'm sorry I got them but it's too late to return them.	2
Package was late and he had to go to school with out a back pack. I was very disappointed.	1
Cheap set, but they are what you would expect. Using them on a race car so they will work	2
After 3 years on old batteries it was Time for new one. Last a good amount of time. The LG G3 is just a pig on battery power So no battery last all day. I did notice it is a bit slower on recharge time. I would buy again if I want to get second battery.	2
Got the truck for our two year old for Christmas- he is obsessed with Fireman Sam and this seemed like a great, inexpensive gift. Wrong. Truck came - no guys. Picture clearly says that it comes with five figures. Other reviews mentioned them. But somehow we got gypped. We’ll be returning this. And now scramble to find something else.	1
Ordered a 10.5 4E. The tongue of the shoe is not WIDE enough. Therefore you could see my white socks when the shoes are laced up (on both side of the tongue). Poor design for those of us with wide feet. Also, NB shoes are shrinking I have been ordering 1/2 up.	1
I never received this item. And I was unable to contact any one from this vendor or amazon to report the problem. I would appreciate some one contacting me	1
I honestly don’t know how I feel about this one. I liked it and I didn’t. I skimmed a bit cause it struggled to keep my attention. However I do find myself curious as to what will happen. If it was on KU I might go on but since it’s cash pay I’ll sit on it.	2
This worked just fine as a replacement. Glad to be able to find it without having to order from a dealer.	2
Cheaply made, not work the money.	1
Very pleased with this product. I wanted something to take on a tropical vacation that would give me some color without being heavy. Also wanted to simplify what I'd be taking. This is perfect. It gives me a little color and shimmer without looking made up. I especially like putting it on my eyelids. It doesn't last very long but that's not a deal breaker for me - it's easy to reapply. It's also a little light to use as blush which is why I didn't give it 5 stars.	2
Not wide enough. Length is fine. But now there is a space on both sides between the edges of the screen protector and my phone case. Annoying, constantly having to clean crap out. For the price though is the reason it got 2 stars, but I don't recommend. I'll be buying new ones.	1
Got what we expected. The inner ring is rough and stiff-wicker type. We covered it with moleskin (for shoes) and it was fine.	2
Does not work with the iPen	2
They're not for a hard work. These gloves didn't even last me for 2 weeks (I'ma framer). PC: they're not really waterproof as well...	2
Color of the phone is beautiful. But it honestly offered for protection for my phone when it dropped several times under my supervision.	1
I love the colors and how neat they came out when writing. It was amazing not having to worry about dust all over. The only thing I was disappointed about was that they didn’t wipe off so easy and stained my chalkboard and the labels that come with the markers. I had to stop using them unless it was going to be permanent on the chalk board.	2
The print is really small and it is hard to read.	2
I bought this speaker about 8 months ago and I don't regret the purchase. The speaker has amazing sound quality and the speakers battery life is okay. I bought a second one for my mom and she loves it too. Definitely recommend if you're looking for a speaker if you're going to drop about $200 on a speaker and buy this one instead and save a couple of bucks as well.	2
Comfortable, good quality sound, all I can ask for except the headset cuts out randomly when plugged in as a USB. Easy fix all i have to do is unplug and replug but still an inconvenience.	2
The backpack received was not at all as pictured. The black details do not coordinate and make for an ugly combination. Very disappointed.	1
This is such a fun map!	2
Worked great and sounded wonderful for a week and then nothing. No sound.	1
Doesn't tastes much like celery, it's an interesting soda.	2
Screen is faulty, stays patchy.	1
The regional code for the videos is South Africa and Middle East. Whenever we put them in the PlayStation we would have to change the regional code and supposedly we can only change the code 4 times.	1
The pictures look cute, when I got them they were so crazy wide around my calves, it actually looked ridiculous. They should be labels as XX wide calf.	1
Wouldn’t know. Never received it	1
Was going to use this product for my own gender reveal but there were missing parts. The parts that were there weren’t even put together and were too complicated to put together myself. It would have taken a few hours to do so since there were no instructions. Not worth it at all!	1
Better than the other releases. Good lyrics and music.	2
I use these waders to keep dry from the rain storms and water where walking or landing a fish. The rocks along the ocean jetty with barnacles, I believe will cut through the lightweight waders pretty easy.	2
Earrings are well made and look just like the picture however, I was under the impression that I would be receiving TWO PAIRS of earrings. The advertised picture is deceiving.	2
I loved this! Bought it for my living room and if fits in perfectly it's fairly light so it's very easy to move around the room	2
It can control my tv but not my sound system	2
Bought these as a gift. Liked that they looked like real loafers instead of obvious house slippers. The material on the inside balls up and travels to every part of the house.	2
Very user friendly! No issues! Glad I purchased it!	2
Like this product but it gets very cakey and is hard to remove.	2
Great for working in tight spaces where the head is in the way.	2
Ordered May 23, 2018. Today is Wednesday, March 27. So, ten months ownership. Enjoyed the fragrance without smoke and the many changing colors during the night. Item began to cut off frequently when first turning on over the past few uses. Just turned it back on and it would continue to work. Sometimes 3 times was the charm. Today, I refilled the water reservoir. Turned it back on and walked away. Moments later noticed water had leaked through the bottom of the unit. Ruined top of wood table. It was at that time I noticed a scorch mark from where it had been resting; and then the loss of all the water today. Advice. Choose wisely where you place this appliance; and how. Maybe consider a warranty if it is offered.	1
After 2 months the colour/paint starts to strip off.... keeps the screen from breaking thou	1
When I got my product the heart on the knives was broken. This would have been great for my wedding but I could not use them because they were broken	1
Runs a bit small. I normally wear a Large, but bought X-Large in this. The body fits OK, but the arms are somewhat tight. The white stripe is especially tight. You would not be able to comfortably shove up the sleeves.	2
Size is great and zipper compartments keeps things organized	2
Fits almost perfect, could be a little more snug. Easy to just slip on. Makes the crate look so much nicer too!	2
These cards are smaller than most, and not well coated, so difficult to shuffle, even after using several times. Inexpensive, so will use them for travel (bought 2 decks), and not worry if they get lost. Not eligible for return.	1
This CD came with the correct CD case but the wrong CD. It has Paul Wilbur CD in it and I will have to reorder to get the one by Joshua Aaron	1
I am pretty disappointed in the quality of this set. I installed yesterday and there are already spots of the matte black chipped off the set. In addition, the deadbolt is super stiff and doesn't track smoothly. Very poorly made.	1
I have been buying this protein powder for years but they changed it and this leaves such a terrible after taste, I can't use it. VERY Disappointed.	1
Not the best at output must be barely touching each other’s terminals to actually work	1
Have not installed them yet. I will in the next 30 days. Ask again later .	2
Looks good on model but looks ridiculous on	1
They are great for keeping clothing items separate and allows more packing space. Better quality than expected.	2
Have been wearing this while cycle commuting back and forth to college. It is very bright, and warm. However, it arrived with a very chemical smell. It is not waterproof. Water still seeps in to the fabric, albeit more slowly than other fabrics. It does not bead up on the surface as expected. I have to be very careful zipping it up, as the zipper is of questionable quality and often pulls apart if I zip it up too fast.	2
I ordered XL for comfort. Can’t get these past my ankles. I’m 5’6” and about 160 lbs. Didn’t try on until after return date. Maybe XL for children?	1
Containers are great, arrived great, price terrible. Costco containers only single but half the price!	2
I purchased this hot plate to use while my kitchen is being renovated and it works perfectly. It boils water rather quickly. It is great to have two burners. Would certainly recommend.	2
I have ordered these bags before and really liked them. As far as consistency in size and quality they were great. This time around, they stank so bad! Like a deep, dank, musty, moldy cellar AND there were only 95 bags in one package and 94 bags in another. I had ordered these for wedding favors and there was NO WAY I'd put food in them, but since I was using for soap, I aired them out and they sort of refreshed themselves. I'm hoping the seller will send me the bags that were missing, but I kind of doubt that will happen. EDIT: I contacted the company and they sent me the 11 bags I was missing.	2
Strong and lightweight. Allowed me to load a rented power rake into my SUV. Will be renting more equipment since I can load most of the tools in my self.	2
Easy to install and appears good quality. The screen protector does not go to the edge in an Iphone XS. I have an Iphone 11 ProMax and the same company makes a good fit for the screen protector.	2
voice and sound drops off and on.	1
We had a plumber install this faucet for us since we were switching from a counter mount to a wall mount. Overall we’re happy with it although the pressure is quite intense. It feels like it’s possibly meant for a tub as opposed to a sink. We still use it for our sink though and haven’t had problems.	2
My rain gauge didn't come with an extension pole, so my rain guage can't stand anywhere. He's cute but can't stick into anything. There was a place in the box for it, but it wasn't in there.	1
Charger good enough to leave a review. Stop wasting time looking at other charges... I wasted time and money. This charger allows your Fitbit to snap into it, even with an aftermarket band. Hassle free. 5 stars.	2
didn't like them they made my feet hurt so bad .never buying this kinda ever again .	1
This is a gift for my nephew. It's a little smaller than I expected, but it's still a good starting piano, especially my a little nephew only 3 years old. He is playing every day since I gave him, and he got a lot fun. This piano very portable, it uses batteries so we don't have to plug it in, that is safe for a little kids.	2
It’s not the easiest chair to get together. It’s even more impossible when you get defective hardware. What kind of quality control is in place to sent a bolt like the one in my picture? The answer is zero. You get what you pay for and this is a trash product. What you get is hex head bolts without the hex head cores cut Update: I went to Home Depot and after 15 minutes of searching the hardware aisle, found a specialty bolt with fine thread that would do the trick. Got home, went to put it in and then found the seat frame was defective too. There’s no threaded place drilled on that side for the bolt. I guess I could try and drill all the way through the seat frame, pick a longer bolt and cap it with a washer and nut. But this frame is so small it would be almost impossible to drill it perfectly straight and not completely damage the integrity of the chair. At this point, my best course of action may be to spend another 45 minutes disassembling and repackaging something that is 95% complete, wasting more time taking it to the UPS store, and get my money back. I’ll only be out the cost of gas, a new bolt and way too much of my time. But in return I’ll be able to at least convey to the rest of Amazon shoppers not to buy this piece of crap or anything by the company that made it.	1
Very enjoyable read!!	2
Got it for my little sister and she loved it	2
Our family likes this movie. We watch it every Halloween. Its dumb of course, but in a fun way. Its clean...and I find his little comments to be pretty funny	2
Stones fell out after a few months. Had trouble finding contact info for the seller because the item wasn’t no longer listed for sale. Once I got ahold of them they agreed to send a replacement.	2
Just rcvd these cups yesterday and one came completely cracked ... nervous that the rest will crack soon or eventually ... was hoping I bought some nice sturdy cups that would last awhile but it’s looking like they are not :(	2
Bought this dress in red to go to a wedding and it was a huge hit! I am 5’ 8 and usually wear about a size 12 and I got the XXL and it fit great. Recommend you take measurements and go by the chart. Nice fabric. Overall it was very well made. I got a petticoat to wear under and it really made the dress. I literally had people take pictures of me just for the dress!! Ordering another in green.	2
Beautiful mass China produced nesting eggs. If this is for a child, be prepared to do some sanding. Ours were stuck together and I spent about 30 minutes sanding all the joints so my granddaughter could get them apart.	2
Before I couldn't get any 4g signal and now I can. This works great. It comes with all the equipment needed to set this up.	2
Update: I didn't realize the headphones where under warranty and the seller replaced the first pair I bought for free. Unfortunately, the same wire is starting to look worn on the second pair I ordered so I'm glad I now have a back up pair . Honestly they are not fantastic quality but for the price and because they are for a child they are good enough. Although the radio never worked, they were ok enough while they lasted which was a little over 2 months. The headphones are half the price now so maybe ill buy them again since they are for a kid.	2
The order was late and I received the incorrect color!	1
One of the socks had a small hole but other than that great socks	2
I was very disappointed when it arrived it have no Sound	1
It worked great for about two months. Then it got a water spot inside so everything in the middle of the view was obscured/blurry. I was hoping it would eventually go away, but after a month it's still there. Then just last night the door bell just started randomly going off. Too bad because it was perfect for what I needed if it just held up to the weather. UPDATE: The following day it just stopped working. I disconnected it and noticed that one of the screws inside was starting to rust a little. I guess it was getting water in there. I would not recommend putting one of these outside unless it had some cover to protect from the rain. UPDATE2: I contacted support and they responded immediately saying they got me covered and just fill out a replacement form. After doing so and multiple more attempts to contact support I haven't heard anything back. Dropping to 1 star due to poor support.	1
I paid for a pack of three, but only one showed up.	1
Awesome Movie! As expected...	2
Bought it cause it was supposed to be as accurate as an iPencil. It’s offset, it only stays charged for 20 minutes. No matter how long you charge it, 20 minutes is the most. Not happy at all with the price I paid and the product I got. I have messaged the sellers to see if I could get assistance with a replacement or upgrade but no reply. 😞	1
Worked initially on leaking problem. Leak returned but is slower so overall better but not an all inclusive fix.	2
Havent taken the pills long enough to see if they work truthfully considering they usually take time to build up in the system but in do feel more with it when taking them but unfortunately I've got a lot of capsules that have been empty so not even going to have a full months supply when all is said and done	1
The front flares on my dodge dakota did not seal up properly disappointed for what they cost.	2
It doesn't suction very well to the shower floor, but it traps hair regardless. Quality is as expected for the price, gets the job done. I think if I were buying again, I'd pay a few more dollars for something nicer.	2
Good quality product and it does a great job	2
Poor quality construction - would not purchase again.	1
Very faded did not look like my daughters popsocket at all. Looks cheaply made!	1
It was exactly as described and arrived on time	2
This book was well written with an easy to read style. The advice was very down to earth, which is odd to say since there was an entire chapter on angels. The author gave you the impression that genie magic is a natural way of being, and the only practical way to live your life. While I didn't agree with everything he shares, my only real dislike was the amount of space he gave to judging other people as the negative, drama, or problem people. He did give a passing paragraph to everything being a mirror, but ultimately didn't seem to give it much weight. Otherwise though, I really enjoyed the book.	2
Has a nice scent. It's used for bodily cleansing. It's very gentle	2
Have used it in a couple types of hot beverages and find it is tasteless and odorless, which is good. The only complaint is that it takes an extra amount of time using a whisk to incorporate it into the the beverage; otherwise, it clumps--in the beverage, to the sides and to the whisk. Other powders of other products whisk clean. Otherwise, I would've given it 5 stars.	2
arrived on time product as described	2
Great service and product	2
I never take the time to write reviews - but I really had to here. I ordered two of these trees and I am shocked. They came in boxes that were too short - so the top foot and a half was crumpled and unable to be stretched back out. The trees were so musty/moldy (probably from sitting in shipping containers like many goods from china). I tried spraying them, cleaning them, nothing helped the smell. They made my apartment smell like an old antique store. Lastly, every time I handled these, my hands broke out in a rash. I don't know what kind of nasty crap is on these trees but they are already out in my hallway waiting to be picked up by UPS. Worst purchase I've ever made on Amazon.	1
Bought these for my niece. She loved them but not exactly what I was expecting & had some trouble with a lot of the balloons.	2
This product works perfect. I have a 3 year old doing ABC Mouse. The original charging cord was too short (he likes to move around). So I ordered this one. Meets all expectations!	2
Haven't blowed up yet, they need a string to hang on but look nice	2
Thank you so much for making this a wonderful experience! Grade "A" seller!	2
This is the first time I bought this but this is how it arrived. Very poor packaging. I requested a replacement, so we will see what happens with the replacement. Please package it better.	1
I ended up buying these after having to return the Wahl Clippers I'd bought for my pup, clippers that were advertised as being quiet and were anything but. In any case, these are really quiet, my pup gets scared by loud clippers, these make it much easier to give him a haircut. At $50-60 for each professional clip, two at home cuts more than pay for this clipper. I like that it tells you when you need to stop and clean it as well as when you need to oil it as you use it. It takes a LONG time to cut my pups hair, not because of these clippers, but because I am still working on regaining his trust when it comes to me cutting his hair after the fiasco generated by the Wahl clippers. All in all, I recommend these to anyone with a dog who is afraid of loud clippers, I wish I'd bought these from the get go.	2
Filters thrown in box with no packing or plastic wrap. Filters were damaged in shipping as a result. Decided to keep them, but I have ordered air filters for years, and this is first time any mfr. has shipped without plastic wrap or packing.	1
Good snacks, the box is much cheaper than buying individually. Would definitely buy again!	2
Nice looking little backup battery, but it only charged once and no longer hold charge. After being charged for many hours, push the button, only one or two out of the 4 blue led light up. Connect to iphone, and within seconds, no longer able to charge the phone. Push the button on battery again, no blue light turns on this time. Amazon sent me a replacement, and the 2nd also only worked for 2 days. Same problem shows up.	1
Works well to display my grandfather's old trombone.	2
I am very pleased with this product. It is very easy to swallow, It tastes good and it provides me the omegas that I was looking for.	2
Didn’t really like product	1
For $55 bucks cant really complain that much . But If I had to : 1)The bracelet was impossible for me to size because the pins wouldnt push through ( i even broke 2 of my tools !) . And 2 , Accuracy is - 10 seconds per day . Ive had worse but I will always prefer my watches to run slightly fast. Still cant go wrong for a 50 dollar automatic watch	2
This is perfect! My husband's car has to be parked on the street because he is currently restoring a vintage truck. Right now this is working so well to protect his Mazda 6 from the sun. We live in Utah so it will also work great to protect from the snow!	2
Poor quality control. Half of the cables won't charge my devices because the USB-C port tip is too short to plug into my device all of the way. I bought this for the two 10 foot long cables and unfortunately they're the ones that don't work.	1
So, I was very hopeful this jacket would work but it did nothing. I mean nothing at all. I put it on and my guy was ok with it, but he still shook and barked in the car. I also tried the calming treats and they did nothing. I started giving thwm to him like 2 weeks b4 our trip to get them in his system. I was hopeful he would lay down in the car or at least relax. Nope.. still barked and whined. Oh well.. maybe something else will work. jacket went back	1
Shrink-wrapped, seeming intact, but missing the poster!	2
the glass is too thin. I returned it as there was nit way with cleaning inside or using it that it would not be fragile.	1
4 months later a metal piece and spring popped out. It does not screw in. It is a friction piece. I reinserted the pieces, tapped them in, and on the next use it popped out. Therefore, no operable. Time to order something similar.	1
I bought this to help my rescued golden retriever and the dachshunds next door. I used it as recommended in the directions. It had absolutely no effect on any of the three dogs. Battery life was poor, so it had to be turned on for short periods only. When left on, the battery died in three days.	1
Hubby loves his new toy !!Easy to use and it was a great value for the money.	2
Purchased this bed frame for my husband's bed. It arrived on time, in great condition, and was very easy to put together. The frame is light weight and sturdy in addition to being easy to move. I give it three stars because the top of the frame does not have any lip on it to keep the mattress in place. The mattress can slide off the frame easily. If there was an indentation the mattress rested down into or a bar at the foot of the bed to hold the mattress, it would be a great frame.	2
Brings back many memories and thoughts. Loved the story as it playes out like a Dan Brown classic. Amazing read for any Old School Gamer.	2
Do not buy these they will get stuck to your tire and you would have to go to tire shop for new air tube! With pliers, vice grips and oil penetrate they would still not come off!	1
wig was horrible and i didnt like it!	1
Received. 3 cords. Of those 3, 2 worked. They are made of durable material and are a nice length	1
The taste was really good, but for some reason this required refrigeration after opening? How annoying for an on the go snack!	2
Product failure causing low rail pressure, this should not be happening with a fuel filter.	1
Item fit n works as described. Just had to kinda force it in but worked	2
My godson loved this gift he’s 2 and enjoyed playing with the water. We couldn’t get it to work at first but eventually it did just be sure to clean it good and follow cleaning instructions.	2
Im on the fence with this story. Kept me entertained and like the characters but the story is kind of missing something but always the one to push forward I will reading on to see if I'm right or if this turns into awesomeness	2
Do not use. It doesn't seems to be well worth the money I spent on it. Not what we were hoping for. Little value. Pure Junk. Quality of these is very poor.	1
Shipped right away!!!	2
Different plot with hero running for president and heroine a campaign reporter. Not really sure why their relationship was such a problem and caused so much angst. Both main characters were rather irritating to me. Good romantic episodes was main redeeming point.	2
Durable. Easy set up. Great for pre schooler. This will even hold an adult.	2
This jewelry box is perfect for large pieces. The drawers are not divided.	2
Bought this product for a backpacking trip and it came defective with a microscopic hole in it. I ended up sleeping on rocks all night and have to re-inflate every hour. The product also didn’t come with any patches for a hole.	1
Great price fits well	2
as of now the tube is up I will know more about it as time goes on and I have ridden the atv a little more	2
Total waste of money. I should have figured that a trimmer wouldn't be good enough but I tried this first over the Bakblade. I was hoping to get a smooth feel but all it did was trim the hair and make me feel prickly. The extra large trimmer is great but the attachment to get a closer shave is way to small and still leave the hair a little bit. I wound up buying the Bakblade and I would recommend that over this honestly if you are a hairy guy like myself.	1
The paint is really good quality, but the cap came broken. The hole for the paint was clogged and the cap didn’t click shut, it just stayed open. I have many Deco art paints though, so I just replaced the cap with one from an old bottle.	2
Only 3 of 5 trees lived	2
The most is the style and the least that it is not true to size. The first one I ordered was a lg. Had to return it immediately and reordered a M. Medium actually was still a little large but did not want to go through the trouble of exchanging it again. It's a little big but doable.	2
Thought it would be instant purchase but had to wait almost 8 hours before I recieved my DD code. Very frustrating! My husband was wanting to play immediately and we have purchased these before and never had to wait. I will be shopping my local stores for this next time.	1
Terrible product. Scratchy sound. Move your headphones and it would pop out. Waste of money.	1
bought for grandson.	2
This really works wonders I wasn't sure how good this would actually work but I gave it a try. It's easy to use and it brings a ton of things inside the box. If you have stubborn blackheads or want the easy way out this is the easy to go.	2
This is a good mystery, but it moves slowly; to the point of being boring at times. There is way too much discussing the evidence they have, what they think, what they are missing, what they don't know, etc. It is repeated over and over. However, I was totally surprised as to the identity of the killer. I totally missed what clued Dusty into the evidence. I guess after hearing the same thing more than once, I just kind of skipped over the info. The mystery is good, just too much filler.	2
The shipment was late I bought it for a trip I was taking where I needed to pack lightly. It was supposed to be here on Monday it is now Thursday and I still haven't received a waste of my money for this trip	1
It's a Christmas gift and I'm sure he will love it.	2
These were intended to replace standard paddles. See pictures. It is too small and is uncomfortable for any adult or teen in my household. The available grip area of the handle is significantly shorter and the grip is much more narrow. (The handle is about the same length but the paddle extends farther down the handle.) The paddle area itself is smaller. This feels more like a toy than a durable paddle. Also, as you can see from the pictures, the trim and fit of the rubber looks like it was hastily done. If I had kids who were younger than 10 just learning to play, these might be acceptable.	1
As expected from Anker. It works perfectly 👍.	2
I ran our of the red one and needed to replace it. I went to Amazon to order and did not like the high price of the Epson ones and saw this one and bought it. So far I'm very happy. I shook it before putting it in the printer and it felt very full on ink, which is a good thing.	2
I've been using flaxseed oil for over a year now and decided to try this brand. When we got to the last 1/5 of the bottle, the oil inside had hardened into a solid, rendering it useless to us, therefore wasting the oil. Never had this issue with any other brand we have ever used. Won't use this brand again!	1
Seriously? "This product contains a chemical known to cause birth defects & reproductive harm." NO THANKS Organic India. UPDATE: Organic India has info on their website about Prop 65 Warning so I feel somewhat better about consuming this. I did some additional research with other "organic" items which also have the Prop 65 Warning. Herbs & natural items pick up lead from the soil (or can have arsenic) but allegedly this is not in concentrations anywhere near that which could cause harm? I'm not totally convinced of what is going on here but will continue my research before blowing a gasket.	2
Love this so much! I got this for our granddaughter's first birthday and she loves it. We have to go for a walk everyday she is here. It rolls great over most terrain. The only thing I can't roll through easily is thick pea gravel but other than that we go everywhere with this thing.	2
Some idiot over-tightened my oil-filter. Needed this wrench and a breaker bar to get it loose, but it got the job done with some effort. Absolutely nothing to complain about, solid product that performed as advertised.	2
I am a huge fan of the regular soft picks they make. Found these to be too big, too thick and a waste of plastic. Yes, they're solid -- but I keep them close to my desk and if by mistake I leave one on my desk I'd be horrified if someone saw it. I much prefer the other ones as they are small, easy to hide, thin and I don't feel guilty throwing them out after a few hours.	1
Really cute and my husband loved the surprise.	2
Very small!!! Maybe i can used for cupcakes or cookies	2
My hamster loves these! I’ve tried buying a few different types of chews for her, but she hasn’t been very interested in any of them. But she absolutely loves these!	2
I did not notice any difference in pain, swelling or anything the doc said it would do.	2
I brought this batter lasted one week! Can’t replace battery pretty sure mine was defective	2
The nickel finish is very nice and it holds the extra towel well. You will need a solid door or a wall joist to support the weight imo	2
I love the room and compartments that it has. My friend has one and I ordered solely bc of hers but hers is a little smaller and I wish this one was. I wasn't able to return it bc of the cutoff date. :(	1
I quite liked this story & it had a few good twists but I don't like how at the end a few mismatched scenes were chucked in to try make a cliffhanger lead in to book 2. Much better as a stand alone story	2
It works, but it feels like a plastic bag. I put my old mattress protector over it, and it was fine after that.	1
I would give 5 stars but there's not cut out for the cord so it sits uneven	2
light product, leaves skin dry and soft	2
Was so excited about these especially since they look like the real airpods. However, ITS NOT! The sound isnt bad I actually enjoyed listening to music on these. Whats horrible is the battery life and static. Doesn't even last 30 mins before one side battery dies.	1
We didn’t realize this product is for an aquarium. Probably more our mistake.	1
When they say "micro" it is definitely very, very small. The compact is about the size of a clementine so the pieces inside are super small. This particular pack with the 3 compacts and several characters is slightly over priced on Amazon. If you buy them separately at WM it comes about about $2 cheaper. Would not have purchased had I known how small this was. I think the larger compacts are much more fun and easier to play with. Nothing beats the original Polly Pockets but these new ones are cute.	1
better for women than man	2
I love this ring! Got the silver one as a replacement for my old claddagh ring, and I love this. Personally, I found the sizing to run a bit big compared to what is advertised on the sizing, but I had no problems with getting a prompt return, and reordered the correct size. I love the finish on the ring, the weaving detail is regular throughout and well done. Very comfortable, and not too wide of a band.	2
These batteries have worked great for my Fitbit zip- I’ve ordered them before- and will again	2
Bought 18 of these and installed them 11/2017 and several have already burned out	1
Left is the first bottle (what’s remaining after taking) and the right is the bottle that was delivered today. I’m not sure why they are drastically different in color. Maybe someone can let me know why they are so different. My hair seems to be shedding less but I’ll know better after the second bottle. There is a strong smell so I take it with juice and always eat prior to taking it.	2
Assembly and not too sturdy	1
Very short story that sets up the next story, if the invaders can't be stopped, then the people of the planet will be killed!	2
Could not get the camera to sync to my wifi network. Had to purchase a micro SD card to update the software on the camera which was also unsuccessful. Contacted customer support and went through the syncing procedure again with no success. I was told that this problem would be expedited to a higher level of troubleshooting and would receive a call back when a tech was available. I have yet to hear from them. I am returning this item.	1
Love these folders. Easy to know what I am looking for by looking on the outside	2
I like it as a lotion but its about like another other lotion. No noticeable changes.	2
My hips hurt when I walk. I have noticed since taking Tumeric hip & joint has made a noticeable difference! I'm hoping for considerable results after taking it for longer then a few weeks.	2
Doesn't have good stability. Even on flat surfaces it still tilts and falls over.	1
I love the pigment, but I've also read reviews on it, but I purchased any ways. 27.00 was expensive. I was so upset when I received it	1
It is not true to size.	1
Interesting and readable but I’m not quite sure wall the fuss is about.	1
Although my baby isn’t due until October, my niece was born in May and I have been loving all the time and practice I am getting with her. One of the hardest parts for me about her care is getting a good swaddle. Her arms always seem to pop out of blankets that are a certain fabric. These muslim- fabric swaddles/ blankets are so breathable and offer the perfect amount of give for a perfect swaddle. And the different patterns are so cute and perfect for a gender neutral gift! They come rolled and wrapped and would be a good addition to a baby basket of goodies or even a shower gift. Love these and this fabric!	2
My only complaint with this product is that you have to use very thin hanger hooks. We had more of those thicker plastic hangers, but it would slip off easily. We have the others which I don’t mind using that have a wire hook, which is much thinner. It works GREAT! We love this display and it has come in handy.	2
Daughter is in nail school and LOVES this brush. Will buy more.	2
In theory, the iwatch cover is a good idea. But, I’m reality, it doesn’t work. Water gets under the cover if you swim with the watch on, wash your hands, or sweat. The directions suggest putting pieces of paper towel under the band, between your wrist and the watch. I couldn’t even make it a week before I removed the cover. The issues are not the seller’s fault. The cover is just not a good idea.	1
Both the spring handle and the faucet arm need to be longer. I have a large farm style sink and the faucet arm barley hangs over the back edge of the sink. The spring handle also doesn't pull out far enough to get a good angle to spray the sink. Over all the unit looks nice but if you have a large sink this isn't the one for you.	2
Nice bracelet but the clasp doesn't stay closed. This is the second style that I've ordered and it didn't turn colors but I keep losing my beads!	1
It didn’t even have a charger with it, and it was dirty and cracked.	2
Just received the umbrella in a lightly damaged box but luckily the bag of parts didn’t fall out. Everything was in perfect condition and went together like a breeze. I am very happy with my purchase. I think I will anchor it to my deck with the awesome stand provided with holes to enable that to happen. I love the shade and quality of the umbrella.	2
Very pretty and quality for the price. Cute with jeans.	2
These are just the right softness for sensitive gums. The bristles are finer/softer than standard tooth brushes. This may also benefit getting in between teeth and along gum line. Don't know how long they last yet. Not sure of charcoal benefit but I like these brushes. Also bought other gentile/soft tooth brushes for testing.	2
Perfect! They look amazing!	2
The cover is great and feels nice and smooth, The only downfall is, I ordered a Dark Gray and they sent me a Light Gray. I think their Dark Gray is Light Gray. Don't think they have Dark Gray in their line up.	2
you get what you pay for	2
Came very wrinkled and for the price it’s not worth it. I was very disappointed with this purchase.	1
This bag is a little bit big for a lunch bag, but I like it because I pack breakfast and lunch, plus a big water bottle. So if you want an extra large lunch bag, this is great.	2
A little ridiculous but funny.	2
did not like...it looked better online than first hand. I wish I could still return it...but I missed my return window time. Bummer. I would imagine the bag is functional...but just not the look of a backpack I was looking for...oh well.	1
Good support but terrible product. Constantly showing offline, constantly causing my Wi-Fi network to crash, no reset button on cameras to reset them, poor WiFi range, and takes an act of Congress to remove them from any Wi-Fi network and set them up again. I would not recommend this product to anyone!!	1
I was not please with looking inside my package and no packing inside the box. Pic shows this.	2
does not kill fast and does not last	1
I am using this cable to connect a Sumsung T3 external SSD to a 2018 Mac Book Pro. It works great. The cable seems flexible yet strong enough to last. Time well tell, but I expect it to have above e average durability.	2
It just didnt work for my baby. Wasnt close to my nipple size or shape. Nice shipping though.	1
It worked well first. However, it didn't work any more 3 week later.	1
I had hopes of liking this but quickly tired of it. With ratings of 4.5 stars it was a disappointing read for me.	1
I originally bought these to put into my brother's new build, since he loves purple. The problem is that I can't get any of the fans to light up, regardless of which connector (these have both 3-pin and molex options) I use. The LED fans that originally came with the case (not purple, sadly) work just fine when plugged into the mobo, so you'd think it'd have to be these fans that are causing the problem. The fact that they're so inexpensive and work well as fans means that I'll keep them for myself, in case I ever need a decent fan in a pinch/put together a cheap build at some point, but I wouldn't buy them in the future.	1
Good product at a fair price, but they really need to tape the tops of the jugs closed. I had to pour salt back into the containers from the box!	2
This started cracking around the edges and it was history after that. Upset about the durability. I got the pink for my Mac book. I taped the apple sticker on the case. Looked cute.	1
I’ve had this tv stand in my saved list for over a year, and was unsure if I wanted to buy it, because of some of the poor reviews. I caved when the price dropped. it was delivered nicely. I was super pleased with everything but the fact that It’s MISSING BOLTS. the bolts necessary are gone. So it’s sitting in a pile in the corner of my room. I contacted amazon, who kindly refunded a small part of my money and gave me the phone number of the manufacturer. I contacted the manufacturer, who said they couldn’t help me and directed me to the seller. Who doesn’t answer phone calls or emails. So. It’s a lovely heap of scrap in the corner of my room. Overall if I was more skilled with these things, it might not be such an issue.	1
I wanted to love this shower head. But it's just horrible. It's hard to slide the button upwards to turn off the water flow, and nearly impossible to slide the button back down to resume full water flow (I always have to ram the handle against my shower stall's built in shelf to get the button to slide, it's THAT BAD). Not worth the money, sincerely wish I'd returned it within the return window.	1
I'm a 7 1/2 in most shoes buy an 8 online so I know they will fit. Bought an 8 in these and could have probably used a 9	1
I purchased this supplement for my PCOS. When they arrived I took one that afternoon and later that night when I was trying to go to sleep I found it very difficult to catch my breath. This went on for several hours and I had trouble falling asleep that night. Against my better judgment, I took another pill this morning and while at work, again I had trouble catching my breath. Nothing in my diet or routine has changed other than this supplement. Will be returning.	1
I had high hopes after reading Ready Player One. Armada kind of let me down. I found the first half boring and all but the last chapter predictable. I had to force myself to finish it.	2
I have used this for almost a week now and can’t believe how well this fitness tracker works. The setup was easy, just plug it into a charger base and download the app. I love the features it has on the watch and on the app. If your looking for a quality tracker, I definitely recommend this one.	2
This popcorn didn't want to pop. There were many kernels left in the pan. I actually like popcorn the next day, but this popcorn was so tough you couldn't eat it when it was freshly popped. We won't buy this again.	1
Was hoping to find this movie english dubbed. So when i saw that the dvd had 'language - english'. I ordered a copy. Subtitles like all the others. No english audio. Otherwise, the movie and quality where as expected.	2
I really like the auto-off feature. It gave me time to do other things around the garage while not having to worry about over inflating the tires.	2
Dear Friend, I love the look, quality of the product, and the customer service department. It was really nice experience. However, I had asked on 2 occasions if there was anyway they could add the 3rd row after I saw that the first two rows fit my vehicle. Both times I was assured that I would be sent the 3rd row with in a few days. Both times I waited over a week and neither time received merchandise. If this can be resolved with a tracking number for the shipment that would make it perfect. (if I do receive it on the third try) :)	2
Starting braking within 1 month	1
Vampires, wolves, witches and humans. Oh my. We have a police story, multiple murders and a love story. Made is an old vampire and the head of New Orleans supernatural community. Sydney is a Philly detective. How can this work?	2
Spend the money to get something different only lasted a short time	1
I like the 2 different sizes. Works good to make bath bombs	2
Better for children or smaller adults. Doesnt fit women with any type of chest.	1
Works as described, drill or tap cuts metal like butter. Shipped without the cap used after cutting the nozzle open. Sent a request to seller and received no reply.	2
I really want to like this product but the lighter part is just not working correctly. And the solar charge is slower than the other average product. Work well just as a power bank alone	2
I bought two and the first one assembled well, however, the other one did not. I contacted the business and they offered a discount and suggested I get someone to repair it. I don't think so......I ended up trashing it. The one we have works great but I'm disappointed with the other bench.	2
Great product I put it on my garage with a 32 inch tv so I can be seeing a movie wen I’m working out	2
Ordered 2 of these trains and they sent the same exact color (orange). Also of the trains doesn't pull back. No returns.	1
Quite rigid cable. Don't like the cable. But it works without issues.	2
This thing has the power but it is really slow I knew that but wen you use it very time consuming even with the sharpest drill bit good for boron steel on new cars but my adapter that screws into the plastic handle keeps coming loose the threads are pulling out so my drill may be dun for soon I think 550 rpm would be better	2
Ok, enclosure to light	2
Love this tea! Tasty and refreshing!!	2
I like these fins better than any I have tried before. As with most swim socks, they are a tight fit and a bit hard to get on for me but once on they feel very natural and are much more comfortable than any fins I have used in the past. I would recommend.	2
It was a little larger than I anticipated for the finger that I wanted to wear it on but it was a good purchase. Still able to wear it which is important.	2
I bought 2 of these for my garage, after seeing them in a neighbors garage. I love them easy to install, and with day light LEDs, add a lot of light to my garage. I bought 2 more as Christmas gift for my kids.	2
The diffusers I received do not have the digital time as the one pictured here. The specifications said bluetooth capability. Although disappointed, as this is misleading, I will keep the diffusers due to not wanting the hassle of sending them back. I am enjoying having two, one for the bedroom and one for the living room.	2
Since my normal go to protein powder brand ESA is no longer in the business, I had to find a new protein powder. So far Body Fortress Super Advanced Whey Protein Powder has been good. The taste is not as good as EAS and its a bit more gritty, but its doing the job. The flavor has a slight coconut flavor in the back ground I dont love.	2
These were not as described at all. I ordered the sour power and got the candy balls which were not good at all. I ended up throwing the whole order away. I’m just disappointed.	1
I bought a large Riot Society hoodie for my grandson and the size was to small and the design on it was supposed to be embroider and this one was stamped (painting) like. Disappointed!!!	2
Seal was broken. Product looks different than prior purchase.	1
The tab to pull the lid back off breaks off easily. I would not recommend.	1
This magnet is not strong enough to hold a standard Christmas wreath up on a glass (storm) door. I left the magnets up without weight overnight and even then the wreath is too heavy. Even though it says it can hold 8 lbs (the wreath is less than that) it does not. Thank goodness for amazon's return policy. Very disappointed....	1
The second time I used it the whole top broke off. What a waste of money.	1
This is, without a doubt, one of the worst movies of all time. I'm pretty angry that Amazon is trying to sell this abysmal piece of crap to me.	1
I’m afraid this item really doesn’t live up to its promises. It’s awkward to use because it really only works in one direction. Also I’ve been unsuccessful in using this to comb through my cats’ matted hair. Waste of money.	1
Lights work great and easy to use; however, they sit on top of the hole and don’t mount securely. They create a lip which could affect the game, and decrease the size of the hole by pretty close to a half inch in diameter.	2
Cute shirt but not as red as I expected it has a little orange tone to it, otherwise it’s okay.	2
The elastic opening around the ball of foot it weak and thin. This causes the sock to roll and bunch up when sliding foot into shoes. I can feel the rolled portion on the bottom of my foot during every step.	1
Lovely record player, bought it for my boyfriends birthday and he loves it! Very cute and compact and the sound is great, couldn't ask for more for the price	2
Tastes good and aids in weight loss. curves cravings. Try it!	2
These are a lot of fun. I buy these before the grandkids come to visit and they provide a lot of outdoor fun. I always explain to the kids that these are going to break. If they treat them carefully they'll last longer before they break, but they will break. Having said that, I bought a different brand last year, and these seemed more fragile than the other brand. It seems like they reduced the thickness of the parts. I say this because they didn't appear to modify the thickness of the cuts into the body, so the parts fit very loosely. Sometimes just the act of throwing them made the wings slide out of position. The kids still had a lot of fun with them, but they became frustrated with always having to adjust or replace parts. I think I'll go back to the other brand next year.	2
This was a beautiful read,kept me engrossed right from the beginning. The characters were very interesting and the time lapse kept the story intriguing.Loved this book.	2
Very pretty. Runs a little big but still pretty	2
Kinda cheap and very under powered.	1
Not much to say but that It's a beautiful wig, it does get tangled fairly easy, but that's cause it's a long wig, It's kinda thin at the top where the bangs are, so if you style the bangs a certain way it'll show the wefts, The headpieces it came with are super nice! they are a bit tricky to put in at first, but you'll start getting used to it, Overall I do recommend it	2
I got these to augment the pawstruck Bully Stick stash. She loves both. These are a better size than other brands. They are still a little pricey; but low enough that they help spread out the cost of bully sticks. These do not last as long as bully sticks, but they are a nice chew and I prefer the one ingredient treats/chews for the pup. I just wish all of their items were a little more affordable.	2
Mine just arrived today. It would be perfect, except it is missing a piece of the zipper in the inside. Very important, as zipper problems are very annoying and time consuming, as anyone knows. Disappointed.	1
I would have given them 5 stars except I have not started using this batch as yet. In the past however, I can say that they have always performed more than satisfactory.	2
The holes are pointed more outward than in to the middle. So it soaks my lawn, with no water getting into the middle.	1
It fits well and is comfortable for my dog. I have a shih tzu and needed a large to fit him.	2
Popped during first use!	1
It's a very good vacuum I have no complaints about it. Very good investment.	2
inside pockets were not stitched and things would fall through..	2
great at getting you pumped up. directions said one scoop and it was more than enough	2
This green one did NOT feel anything like my 20 other Beauty Blenders. It is very porous and rough. I don't believe this is an authentic brand - beware!!	1
Only one side works for most music.	1
Got this for my son who has a hard time focusing. He didn’t mind the taste at all	2
I like the vibrant color of the license plate border. The font is exactly what I hoped for.	2
Really a step above the standard po brush. Love the ability to get in corners and clean multiple angles without repositioning on the pole.	2
The dye worked well and was easy to use, but it turned out looking purple ish. The box said black.	1
Price is good but the paint job is shitty. Random colored spots in many places, I’m honestly pretty disappointed. I might order again in hopes for a better quality pop but I’m not quite sure what to do with the one I already have since it’s bad.	1
Going cordless is perhaps the best thing when it comes to vacuum. It is so much easier when I can skip inserting the plug into the wall. My wired one is stronger but I never used them any more after having this convenient cordless gig.	2
I am old and have bad teeth so I Love this jerky it is soft enough for me to chew.	2
I'm sorry but those "accompanying song" titles at the top of each scene, I really thought I could ignore them, but they are so agonizingly distracting, I can't stand it! I want to finish this book but I want to throw it across the room too. It's like a book full of typos except they're done on purpose. They are so frequent, sometimes every other page! I'm not going to listen to these songs while reading this book, or ever. It just takes me out of my mental "zone" while trying to read. Jesus Christ get rid of them! Second problem, the guy's vocabulary is really spectacular in his head, for someone with zero education. But all that comes out of his mouth is one word at a time like "Hurt" or something like that. But in his head he thinks about it in lots of detail for 20 minutes. It's too weird.	1
I used this for my vape juice......son bought huge bottles of vape juice and we filled all my bottles up with juice. Saved me a lot of money!!!!!!	2
This tool does what it says it will and is very easy to use	2
Saved me when I needed it. I love the sound it makes. Great for sleeping. Blows plenty of air if you are near it. I have it on a table beside my bed. I have central air but my room is hotter then the rest of the house. Got the fan hoping to be more comfortable because I am always too warm. Works like a charm and drowns out any traffic noise. Looks really cute because it is compact and green. Quality fan and totally happy with this purchase. Would definitely recommend.	2
Worked great on our recent trip to the beach!!!	2
This product is Garbage. Do not spend your money on it. Would not record more than 8 seconds. The 8 seconds that did record had no sound. I am an engineer, I know what I was doing. Stay away from this.	1
Works good. A bit disappointed in battery life. They are a bigger capacity than OEM but seem to last the same amount of time. No scientific data to back this up but after shooting for so many years, it's like driving a car.. you know after a while that it' time to look at the gas gauge because your probably almost out. Sure enough. The price is excellent so complaining about that it is stupid. :)	2
Sent wrong product. Got money returned but ended up buying local.	2
Didn’t think I’d like them as much as I do and Cute too! Pleasantly surprised! I’d buy again for sure	2
Just right for my glasses to move.	2
This is a good book, and has something very important to say about gender dynamics, and the inherent problem with being human. You should read it.	2
This dress is super cute and sexy especially for the price. My husband fell in love with the dress when I tried it on...cant wait to get dolled up for our birthday next month. This dress will be a hit...oh and I am thinking of ordering a black one.	2
The leather seems to be real and good quality. I give it a 3 star because it is very loose where it slides into the watch, on both sides. I probably won’t wear it much due to this because I am fearful of losing the watch. For $25.00 I was expecting a better fit and finish. It looks great but I’m cautious...	2
Very attractive. A breeze to put together and install. Its curved pattern complements design elements in existing black steel patio furniture. Wish I had found it sooner to keep the leaves corralled on the concrete where they are easy to sweep up and not blown into flower beds. This little border tidily adds functional charm and orderly elegance to my patio, its basic black grounding and helping to tie together and coordinate color accents throughout the patio garden. Great addition that saves time formerly spent raking leaves.	2
this is my second order , because I love the first one , but .. this one dose not stick on my car ~~	2
So this is a pretty expensive card (at least for me) and I installed this card with a Crosshair VI hero, 32gb of ram, Ryzen 2700X with stock cooler. As soon as I tried out the first game (Civilization VI) the fans on the card went straight to 100% and then would not ramp down after games was closed out. Used Gigabyte's software to try and turn the fans down with no luck. Look at a bunch of their forums and many people were having the same issue with no help from the Gigabyte. The only way to turn the fans off was to turn the system off. Restarting did not fix the issue, you had to shut the system down in order to turn the cards fans off. Additionally the fans are extremely loud when ramped to 100%. Returned for a different brand.	1
This didn’t work at all. My computer or surface pro wouldn’t read it. Waste of money.	1
My plantar fasciitis was almost debilitating before I got this amazing product. I just slip this on at night and in the morning my symptoms are almost non existent. I would recommend this for anybody who suffers from plantar fasciitis.	2
1) Description stated that the sandals were leather. They are NOT leather. 2) Color ordered was denim/blue, color received was charcoal/gray.	1
Earrings is beautiful	2
Didn’t work for me I had an allergic reaction(FYI I did dilute)	1
The products does not look how it is advertised. The dress has no shape looks more like a night gown	1
Too small but great product	2
Works great with the camera.	2
Not my favorite Carrier Fisher book (God rest her.)	2
Fits good. I followed the guidelines and ordered two size up I usually wear M. Fabric is very nice, and stays in place.	2
Tried a million times to apply. Never worked right. Returning.	1
These are very cool. They really stick and keep leftovers fresh. I'm still using zip locks for some things (opened cheese blocks etc) but can use these over a bowl for a lot of other dishes. Great idea, and one small thing that we can do to do our part. Thanks.	2
We have at least 10 different bizzy bear books. My sons (14 months old) never want to read anything else. I'm not sure if this one was defective or it was just designed poorly. All the other bizzy bear books are easy to move for the little kids. This one the pop up/pull pages get stuck everytime. They are unable to move them themselves. I can barely move them myself without them getting stuck. I've had to hide this one because they just get frustrated with it.	2
It is what I expected	2
very petty and not funny	1
These balloons smelled like gasoline, horribly. I could not even blow them up to let the kids play with due to the smell! I got some filled with Helium and they started coming down within 4 hours of getting them filled. Cute product but overall I was disappointed	1
2 of the 4 frames I ordered arrived broken. This didn't happen the last time I ordered them, so not sure if it was the packing this time, or if the overall manufacturing quality has gone down. Terribly disappointed though, and will never order from them again.	1
It's okay. Nothing special. No great scent or anything. It's just soap.	2
It did not smell like sandalwood.	1
If you are looking for everyday plastic plates, these are not them. They are very flimsy and the edges are quite rough. The design of the plates makes them never dry in the dishwasher. If you want them for tailgating, picnic, beach or other occasional use, then these would be good. We wanted them for our children to use every day and these did not work.	2
Even nicer in person! It is hard to tell from the picture but although the blue heart sequins are dominant there are more tiny pink than seen in the pic and the combination is so pretty.	2
Pretty disppointed by this beer chiller. I gave it to my husband for Father’s Day - he was super pumped to use it. The first bottle we put it into was too small for it and so you couldn’t drink out of it and this it didn’t serve it’s purpose.	1
I do not like these bands, I spend so much time re-doing them from rolling up that I can’t focus on my workout. The quality of them seem poor.	1
Very well written book. Couldn't put it down.	2
Purchased as a gift for my niece. We wish it came with some sort of fastener or instructions.	2
it works .... but that's all I can say about it	2
It's a coiled telephone cord -- what's not to like? It does what it's supposed to do. Except that it's been off-gassing something terrible. I don't know what chemicals it's made with, but they can't be good; after an entire week, this cord has been smelling up my entire kitchen and even giving me a slight headache when I use it. I'm afraid to ask what I'm breathing in.	2
If you need something to sit in, this is great. Honestly I would recommend a bean bag chair (big joe), or something comparable. Unless you slouch like a complete slob, I wouldn’t suggest this chair.	1
Total waste of money. First the mask is blue not white like in the picture. The hair was coming apart from the mask. And there isnt anything To hold it on your head if you move it falls off It looks like a zombie baby	1
I was really looking forward to these since I’m pregnant with twins. However the crotch is really wide and the seems on each side are thick so they are not comfortable. :/	1
It doesn't fit my tablet to talk and not wide enough	1
Will bunch up at the back hinge area. Material and color are a good match.	2
Terrible and unhealthy cleanse that I didn't lose any weight from.	1
I recently bought test strips from this seller. When I opened the package today I discovered that they expired in 2015. No wonder they were such a bargain!	1
These wear out way too fast. They aren’t expensive but you have to replace them every week or so if you use them regularly.	1
Never received the item.	1
I've used this brush consistently twice a week for one year. Quite suddenly, hairs are falling out of the brush every time I go to lather it on my face.	1
Cuts Sim card well, like a stapler	2
Bottle has shattered when dropped what I thought was pretty lightly in the car. I just purchased another one but I’m pretty disappointed.	2
Just got this beach blanket and have used it twice. It’s a great size, the pockets are great for adding sand or rocks to hold it in place.	2
They’re matte, not shiny like I had expected. They’re decent I guess.	2
Lid does not seal well wants to fall off when pouring	2
Easy to put together. Each stool comes in 5 pieces with long screws. They supply an little Allen wrench, but it's much easier to use a cordless drill with the correct bit. The stools come with wood plugs to cover the screw holes and pads for the feet. Very high quality, sturdy and heavy. Only problem is they aren't comfortable to sit on, so I sent them back.	2
I've had the product for about two months now, and so far it is holding up to everyday use, which includes zipping and unzipping it a few times a day. It holds two pairs of glasses, a thick wallet, a kindle paperwhite, charger, small nick nacks, papers, pens, and the basics well. I try not to overstuff it as I did with one that was pretty much an exact replica but with metal zippers. THAT one lasted about a year before the zippers started failing in different ways. This one has nylon zippers and they do work fine. The material doesn't feel like genuine leather to me, but more like a man-made material that tries to replicate leather, and does it fairly well. It's close enough that I can't swear that it's not real leather, however, for the price that I paid, I didn't expect it to be genuine leather (again, it might be genuine, I really can't tell for sure). Basically at this point, if it lasts a few more months without defect, I will feel that I have gotten my money's worth, and after that, if it should fail in some way, I will probably buy another one just like it, perhaps a different color just to change things up a bit. In summary, it is pretty much as advertised, and in my opinion very reasonably priced for what you get.	2
Had it for a while now. Works as intended and has lasted.	2
Well made, sturdy heavy weight fabric.	2
It was what I wanted to decorate my grander room for christmas	2
Fit perfect and easy to install	2
Sturdy and well built!	2
Lacking some ingredients and potency not the best.	1
Steel seems to be good quality, but fit and finish is terrible for the price point. We have to get them resharpened and beveled by a professional. The edge is sharp out of the box, but the bevels are all over the place, with chipping and tiny edge at the handle and a massive bevel at the point on every single knife. The handle scales are not finished smooth to the Tang and there is a big gap and chip out of the chef knife, which is the most important one! Still fine knives but for the price the quality control on these is horrendous. I wouldn't recommend these at this price.	1
A great rug for the price. Perfect in our hall for our dogs to ensure the mud sticks on the rug and not our floors!	2
Overall a great product. However, no indication as to length of time battery will run out except near ending with voice message.	2
Great price. Works great	2
My dog was able to slide this off her head; even though it was blown up as much as we could.	1
I am 5’7” and these shrank way too much. They shrank about 2” in the length. I bought a medium. They also now have a hole in the inseam. I have only had them for 2 1/2 months. Not happy	2
Great case. Would use again	2
Does not look like picture. Cheap garbage.	1
Overall it was a good buy however there were no short length options when I ordered so I settled for regular length which for me is way too long. I’m having them hemmed so it worked out ok but I’d rather no pay the extra if I don’t have to.	2
I have found it hard to understand.	2
Pleased with this buy... super lovely gloves. Got in a quality box. And it’s perfect for winter. Super quality gloves..	2
I have had this for several months now and haven't had any problems with it.	2
Great product. My daughter loves Lara Croft and tomb raider. Solid materials and looks pretty good for a necklace of this price. Well done!	2
Hi All, I never received this product could you help me understand why, please. Thanks Cristina	1
For the money, you can't beat a good aluminum/plastic paddle for all around canoeing. The T-handle makes it highly functional and comfortable to use. And you don't have to worry about beating it up.	2
thank you for the quick shipping. I look forward to giving this coffee for a present.	2
This charger worked great when it worked. One day I plugged it in and hooked up my mobile phone thinking it was charging. After my phone died I pushed the charger all the way in. It started charging, but the blue charging light indicator would turn off. My vehicle has three power stations. I plugged the charger in each one, only to end up with the same results. Will not purchase another one.	2
Didnt stay on face very long. Nor did it blend in.	1
We used these for the exterior to have the motion sensor turn lights on and off, obviously, that is their intent. The situation we determined is that if you have any such bulbs as these withing forty foot distance from each other, one light activates when it sees a interior light come on, that action then lights the second bulb outside because of the illumination of the first, this continues on and on as one light goes off the other comes on etc etc a endless loop that is only resolved by shutting the power to these bulbs or replacing them with standard bulbs. Someone should have engineered these bulbs in a better fashion	1
Decent product although the Velocity balls are a better fit for my swing speed.	2
They are made of solid rubber/ plastic that easily pull from the head unit. Fit bit bands have at least a little metal that securely fastens to the watch itself.	1
Quality seems good and has help up nicely outside. Wish it looked more like grass.	2
it is what it is, not a luxury blanket but its fine, it will keep you warm. not very cute and very lame	2
Great product. Just would of been nice to see a video of it being installed on the watch. Only showed video on installation on phones.	2
These socks are great, specifically if your feet will get wet.	2
This is a knock off version. Do not buy!!!	1
Great product! My dogs love them	2
Junk and the seller insisted on assaulting my intelligence after charge me for return shipping saying I never plugged it in	1
It is BROKEN WHEN I RECEIVED THE PACKAGE	1
Two of 3 units failed within a few weeks on the carriage lights on my garage.	1
I really liked this set. I would say the only draw back is that knitting stoppers don't stay on them well so you need to watch that.	2
I've been buying this model for years. My last one started leaking water into it. But I take into ocean, hot tub, shower, diving. The features are great. One look gives you time, day and date. The leather strap tends to smell after getting wet. I put on my silicone strap instead.	2
I've been using it for more than 6 months, and it has been working as expected. However, the plastic filter that comes with the set doesn't change the top water flavor that much. Because of that, I decided to use the filtered water for cooking or coffee, which tasted better. There are better cylindrical filters to replace the default one, though.	2
First time trying this I used a store bought marinade. The spices in the marinade clogged the whole thing. We spent an hour trying to unclog it. Lesson learned now we only use all liquid with super fine spices and it works well	2
I really like this and it definitely helped me a lot. This product is super useful and has many functions, it helps to keep the milk warm and also sterilizes the bottles.	2
This item was easy to install at work and has such a pleasant tone.	2
I'm in cosmetology school, so I use this to practice sometimes. It is perfect for practicing braids, styles, cuts, or updos! I have not tried any blow drying, washing, or heat on it as I don't want to ruin it. It is good for certain things, however, the hair falls out very easily- BUT- there is a lot of it, so I would buy again.	2
I purchased this because several reviews said that their phone screen didn't break when in the case - even when dropped. That was not the case for me. Everytime i've dropped it, even just a little bit (on the side and a short distance), it has left my screen with a crack. For someone who isn't as clumsy as me, im sure this would be sufficient.	2
Nice comfortable shirt	2
Very good taste, consistency, and texture, but quite expensive	2
Super durable product!	2
I've been using this for years. It works great!	2
Great containers very useful! Also keep food fresh! Love the lid and how it has the lock on top.	2
Very fast shipping but first day I had a pair on a large hole developed in the toe within a couple of hours.	1
The bottles were the size I was looking for but are VERY soft. Because I am storing a solvent in them I worry they will not hold up.	2
It’s good but it has some level of noise.	2
Arrived as pictured an expected. All plastic but heavier then expected. I would recommend this.	2
Gloves are awesome. Warm. Durable. Grippy. Don't rip and can adjust tightness. Comes to crook of the wrist. Only downside is the touchscreen capabilities did not work well. I use them for hiking and they are perfect for saving my hands on rocks, trees, etc on scrambles. Didn't really need the touchscreen so didn't matter to me. For the money they are a good grab	2
Over priced repeats things too much. Over priced	1
It tasted terrible and got hard and clumpy within 30 days	1
Not durable, after a period of time it breaks apart and the front cover gets old affecting your selfie quality.	2
Very odd to set up but I have LOVED it once I got through that. I keep this particular soft box in studio so I don’t take it up and down.	2
I was so excited to get these, literally haven't had a pair of tennis shoes for probably over a year. Now I have to wait a long time to get the right actual pair and it's very disappointing. Not to mention, when you have anxiety, going to the post office to return things isn't exactly the easiest thing to do. Extremely annoyed and disappointed.	1
these were actually too small but we will keep them, who knows when we can use them.	2
I somehow lost the receiver for my logitech mouse and getting a new one was much cheaper than getting a new mouse. It proved difficult to get my mouse to realize it was there but after some fiddling around something happened and it worked. It's been good since.	2
1) the magnets are visible on the top of the screen, it is disturbing 2) the screen looks blurry when you use it 3) and definitely the worst: it does not work well, it just reduce the light on the side and this with full light in the room. It is even worst when the room is dark (like in a meeting with presentation where the light are dimmed) Check the pictures if words aren't enough ;)	1
Doesn’t work and will be returning.	1
Couldn't put it down. Meticulously plotted with good characters and enough description to set the tone. Every detail mattered and the payoffs were worth it. Had only read Dogs of War and Day of the Jackal before, but glad I came across this well told story. The man can write a thriller!	2
The item was exactly was looking for. Great quality, great price!	2
Its interesting but not very good.	1
As many reviewers have mentioned, in the endless search for the perfect hat this one is darned close; glad I also got one in khaki. Bonus fun: playing with patches.	2
Deadens some noise, but doesn't block it, but I think I no plugs have ever worked great. More comfortable than the expanding foam type. Nicely made container for travel.	2
these earrings are supposed to look like a cats face, they look nothing like a cat, i was very very disappointed.	1
Did not fit my camera, even though it said that it did. Disappointing and frustrating. Returned.	1
Doesnt come with bolts	2
Seems well made, but the paddle sunk the very first few minutes we had it in the water!!	1
These are NOT clear. You can’t see your clothes easily through them which is quite frustrating. They should change the name of them so as not to mislead. Other than that seem like they zip well and are fine.	2
Super cute! I just received my stickers and my daughters are absolutely love them!!! They went to sleep singing and pointing at their alphabets which made me so proud. They learned a new word for baby lion and are so excited :) Thank you so much! They took a hot minute to put up but were worth it q	2
I bough it for my baby ! Couse I really need a product like it ! And it works great! I set time and temperature! Real good ! My family very like too !	2
These don’t work on a Mini Cooper. I still get the error message but I just clear it and keep driving. It would be nice it they told you it didn’t work on Minis.	1
This is a good hat. I'll buy it again when I need another.	2
So far so good. Controller has a decent weight to it. Doesn't feel cheap. It was packaged nicely. It was recognized automatically (plug and play) by my Windows 10 gaming PC. The analog sticks were responsive and had a rubbery coating for easy gripping. The buttons didn't stick and work great. The color changing area is not super bright but does change colors. The middle button on the bottom brings up an Xbox type menu on my pc and other functions to let you record video/grab screenshots. Would recommend at this price point.	2
Product defiantly leaks and made a mess when we used it. I bought a quantity of three since it was minimum purchase quantity and my daughter really liked mini mouse... however due to the leakage from the straw I was disappointed cuz I will never use it again.	1
I had to return these due to the fact that they were very slippery on our tile floors. They were also very hard, not much cushion to them.	1
Very cute, bright, sparkling and hold very well. Everybody compliments me on them. You can wear them in some many different ways! I'm very happy with this purchase! Strongly recommend!	2
This is just your run of the mill bipod with cheap components and it’s heavy. And just FYI it’s for crouching/kneeling only. Big-pod makes great products, this one is not consistent with their other higher end products.	1
My baby loves it so much	2
After having this on my lips for 20 minutes they started tingling in a way that reminded me of an old plumbing lip gloss I had long ago. My lips definitely felt more swollen afterward, however I suspect the only one who could notice a difference was me.	2
I've only used this for a few days, but my face feels really dried out after washing... and a few drops of this serum totally hydrates my face without using lotion! My face feels smooth and fresh. I'm excited to see the reduction of fine lines and dark circles in the coming weeks.	2
ordered 2 . one had a brown spot on the front. it was sealed in plastic. I think they can do better.	1
These sheets are great. I have learned not to shop by thread count alone. Sometimes you can have a high thread count and the sheets still feel flimsy. I actually checked the shipping weight and noticed they were heavier than other sheet sets. They are thick and very nice. I just purchased them but I know they will last a long time.	2
This item was okay. Much smaller than expected. It moves nicely but the packaging and product was dirty and had to be washed once removed from the package.	2
Cannot rate a product that does not work. Have done 5 auto scans. TV NEVER GETS PAST THAT MESSAGE TO AUTO SCAN. Structure is flimsy cheap materials. Do NOT buy this Product	1
These flashlights are ok. The problem is that one of them has already gotten a spot on the LED's that burnt out not even 1 month in. They are not 15,000 lumens I have a 1500 lumen flashlight from Duracell that is the same brightness, maybe a little brighter!	1
It is ok. Not great. The quality seems lacking but for the price you can not beat it	2
Easy to use. My processor is Heartland and this worked perfectly	2
Cord is longer than expected which is good, but to have a Samsung Galaxy 7 phone and the connection is not as secure as I would like on the cable. All was working well until my phone fell while charging the connection from the cable bent and the cable no longer works. I can use the charger with another cable I happen to have. So for the price you get what you pay for.	2
Well, the smell not bad, but I don’t think the scent works. I only have few scent but it still have it after I use it. Not sure about softness and moisturizing. But it doesn’t match my expectation	2
My dog gets itchy skin in the winter months, so I tried this out. I honestly didn't really see much of a difference. I was a little disappointed.	1
The shoe looks really nice when you first open the box. After wearing it for a short period of time it starts falling apart. Also not the most comfortable shoe.	1
They came damaged and now I can’t figure out how to return them. Very upset. The sound is muffled in the right ear piece.	1
The snack variety was good, but I thought the box would be ALOT bigger than what is pictured. The snacks came in a shoe size box. See photo for comparison. 2nd Updated Review: I decided to order again since my daughter liked, but this time for son.He likes the snacks. I give a 3 star on size of whole packaging. I give a 4 star on the snacks.	2
Does not work. Will not pair with my iPhone 7. Useless.	1
Love this pigment. Bright rich colors that are individually labeled for easy use and easy ordering in the future and the little scoop that comes with this order is way to cute. Came in a box that was packed full of bags of pigment. Exactly as described.	2
I enjoyed the sweet but could have done without the other snacks . . . definitely wasn't worth the full price nor did I like the subscription "unknowns" of future box content. Cx'd Subscription right away!	2
Returned after receipt and viewing. Too pricey for contents. Purchased items in local store for much less.	2
I had been having trouble finding room darkening curtains for the master bedroom in my new house, finding matching/compatible colors has been difficult. These worked beautifully, slept the frst night in the room last night. The fabric is soft and pliable despite the black backing, and the color is very nice, true to the online image which is not always the case, hence my 3rd set of curtains!.	2
Difficulty with charging the collar.	1
Only gave one because couldn’t leave no stars. This was the recommended case for the touch screen I got for the raspberry pi. With some drilling and creativity it can be made to work but it’s not an out of the box cover. No instructions either	1
I wonder how many more Godinger crystal is going to arrive broken in the next two days. Two products arrived today completely smashed. They do not wrap the crystal well and there are no marking on the box to handle it with caution. I know it is Not the delivery service because it came from two different companies today.	1
Just what I was looking for! Small but sparkly!	2
Awesome bowls. No issues thus far. Perfect size for a meal!	2
I like that this is compact and just right for a red dot. I did have some frustration, as it seemed the optic was loose. It turns out that the picatinny rail is not one piece with the dovetail adapter. Once I tightened it to the base, it was rock solid. Great solution for BB guns/air rifles to use picatinny optics.	2
Very good info, not only on the killers themselves, but on crime statistics in general. For example, I found the elaboration on the actual numbers of children kidnapped by strangers very enlightening. The authors have done their homework.	2
This book has blown me away with the amazing recipes low in carbohydrates. A vegan diet can be challenging and even more so when combining keto and vegan. The author includes substitutes and replacements for the most common allergens. I enjoyed most of these keto vegan dishes and I have a peanut allergy. Also, many recipes include yummy pictures that help with cooking, I sometimes need that to keep me motivated to eat healthy!	2
Never received it. Need money back.	1
Love the shoes, just don't like how they left my shoes in the door so someone can get them.	2
Had issues pairing with wink hub. In order to turn them on you have to adjust the brightness. Ended up replacing with Phillips hue bulbs	2
Horrible customer service experience from Speedtalk Mobile. I had bought 4 cards for my kids, and probably used it for about 2 weeks. After 1 year, I finally called customer service to try to cancel all 4 cards at the same time. It took me a few minutes to get to a representative. It took about 1 minute to cancel each line, which was great. But then, when I tried to cancel the 4th one, the rep said, "I can only do 3 accounts per call. You will need to call back." (What??? I waited a long time on the phone and it will only take him 1 more minute to cancel my last line and I have to call back?) Okay, I did... if that's their policy. I called right back, and guess what, the line was picked up immediately by the SAME GUY!!!! And I went thru the process of telling him that I need to cancel the line. He hung up on me!!! (Well, so much for them having a busy time that they cannot even have a minute to deal with me on my first call). So, I dialed back immediately, and was awarded for another 15 minutes of boring music.... Just to have the same guy picked up my call again so that I can finally cancel my line. Not to say that I had an email reminder every 10 minutes for the 10 hours reminding me to refill my card!!!!	1
Gears got stuck after two uses. It will not fly or hover because not all of the propellers will turn.	1
did not come w/narrative booklet as told it would w/ 25th anniversary edition	2
Chair is really nice but the bag has black stuff on it like it was rolling around on the floor or in the back of someone's pickup truck	2
adapter has a small gap when plugged to the micro USB cable.	2
These were a great upgrade. Great value.	2
I really love this product and it really works on my dog. It’s the only thing damp he will allow near his eyes. However, I didn’t give it 5 stars because when I opened the lid to the container, the seal that keeps it moist and contained was already peeled back. A few of them were dried out and a few missing. It was like someone bought these and returned them, but amazon just put them back on the shelf without checking it out!	2
I don't know why I thought these were made of wood, glass and metal. The clear section is acrylic, so be careful with cleaning them so as not to scratch it. They look like they were made to match our dining room table, my husband loved that detail. Perfect grind every time. Thinking about ordering another set just to have as a back-up.	2
Item as described. Seem sturdy and are easy to use.	2
Fantastic little fan. I may have to order another because my wife keeps taking mine off of my side table to put on hers.	2
these are really bad quality! they smell like fish! dont waste your money	1
I was so excited when I ordered this set I didn’t even care that it could not be returned. However when I received the package I was upset to find at least one of the vials completely broken and a couple cracked, with small pieces of glass in the box. I wish it would have been shipped with better padding or any padding lining the box. Unfortunately I can return this an get a new one worth my money, but I plan to make full use of the undamaged oils.	1
I ordered two of these cases, one for each color of the note 9. I was very disappointed at the quality of the cases. They feel really cheaply constructed, mine have jagged and almost sharp edges along the borders. The colors are not accurate, and the over feeling of the case is frail. I wont be using this case as it does not make me feel like adequate protection from drops.	1
Love them! Much stronger cord than I anticipated. They look great. The bulbs are bright, glad I didn't go with the brighter bulbs.	2
My son loves this. He hung it above his growing shoe collection. Be aware this is a sticker/decal, not poster material.	2
Very nice looking clock but it is NOT silent!!! There is a quiet and noticeable sound to the second hand going around the clock. Our sound machine blocks out the noise so it works for me but if you were going to silent this is not the clock for you.	2
Good book but needed more scenarios and examples	2
I really liked these, but already I've had one of the pocket zippers fail completely, and another is jammed.	1
Very well constructed. Good for beach use. They are constructed so they breath very well. Size is good as well!	2
Good for the price what we end up paying . Happy with the purchase	2
I can't taste the normally great cheese flavor through the burnt taste. Maybe I received a bad batch, but I will not buy again. I don't believe this is the #1 flavor. The Tabasco and sharp cheddar parm are my favorites.	1
After 7 months of pregnancy with my first, my other maternity belts were not helping with the pelvic floor pressure that I would feel when walking. This band is definitely by far the softest material (so no red marks on my sensitive pregnant belly skin) and the groin straps that connect around the pelvic area make this the best band I have to date. Groin pressure and pain relief at last! Worth every penny! Plus I can continue my workouts without discomfort!	2
My clients love that I added these to my massage treatments! They all say it leaves lasting results !	2
I have a 75 lbs lab and this bowl says it holds 2 cups. There is no way I could fit 2 cups of dry food in this bowl. It would be great for smaller dogs but I needed to return it and find something else to slow his eating.	2
It gets hot when plugged-in, which concerns me. But other than that, it works fine.	2
I purchased this because it was a Samsung product & did not want to risk using something else. This charger is very heavy, bigger than my Note8 and does not last very long. Fully charged, it will charge a near dead phone quickly but it also sucks the life out of the charger so it cannot be used more than once.	2
Very good. I will buy it again!	2
Does not fit 2018 ram 2500	1
Bought for my daughter. She loves it.	2
From reviews and from the online order, it looks like you buy your shoe size. Mine is size 6. But I bought that and received and insole size 6-12. This is a lot of sizes to cover. And there is no way to cut it short due to the stitching. I feel like I either got something different than the other reviewers or I am missing instructions. I can say the insole is much larger than a 6	2
These light necklaces are so cute. I love how big they are and that they have several options for flashing and also to be on continuously. I wore them to my church's Breakfast with Santa and everyone complimented me on them. One little boy was so taken with them that I let him wear them, he didn't want to give them back...so I let him keep one set.	2
Flat profile is nice, but it takes a very strong hand to squeeze it enough to fit over the neck and strings. I would not buy this again.	1
This shampoo doesn’t clean my hair well enough. It leaves me feeling greasy after 24 hours, and it doesn’t really seem to adequately cleanse my scalp. I wanted to love it since it’s EWG verified, but it just gives me bad hair days, along with its accompanying conditioner. I have a ton of long, fine, color treated hair, and typically have a dry scalp, and this doesn’t work well for me a all.	1
It works but not as well as I hoped. Poor quality bass.	1
Antenna brings in unbelievable number of channels with an existing ten year old signal booster. It would probably be better if I added a rotator and had a taller mast but it's not worth the added expense and hassle. I'm satisfied as it is.	2
Install and worked very smoothly.	2
From day one, the hinges squeaked (I did not get it wet) The velcro from the metal bars ruined my jeans, so I would recommend getting a leg sleeve.	2
Only thing I don't buy is a werewolf not knowing all but two instructors get it on with their charges. His sense of smell and strong hearing should have given a million swimming clues and gossip gets in even when not listening	2
Broke right away! terrible product	1
Because NBC is so inept at showing the 2018 winter olympic games. I obtained this app specifically to watch them and it's worked just fine, other than watching these magnificent games on my tablet is not the same as seeing these on a large screen, which is not the fault of the application. The reason I'm giving 4 instead of 5 stars is because the live streaming tends to jerk a bit. I don't believe it's using available memory as efficiently as it could. Also I would prefer it to run on the external memory card other than internal memory, but few apps do.	2
Didn't fit, took forever for it to get here	1
What a ride I enjoyed this book// its been a while since I've read something this good// can't wait for the movie	2
I have fairly small, hooded eyes and while I love the look of a good liquid liner, it's hard to find one that works with my eye shape. This one totally does, and the black is amazing! I'm able to get that fine line I love, without constantly bumping my upper crease!	2
It's ok. Wish they carried the unflavored version in this pack, the vanilla is too sweet. Otherwise, it's fine. Good to have on hand since you don't have to refrigerate.	2
The world-building is weak and the main character is uninteresting. The bones are there for a great tale but it just didn't hook me. Sorry.	1
Arrived on time! My pet loves it! I love how sturdy it is!	2
Got this for my son who was learning the alphabet. It’s an ok product it gets the job done and I like that it’s wood and not plastic. One star taken away because the Z and N look exactly the same and can be turned to fit each slot which is confusing for someone learning the alphabet to know which goes where.	2
Came carefully packaged and just as described. Very nice!	2
There may be good ideas in here, but I found the informal style irritating. I tried to get past it, but couldn't. I can't think of the upside to using that style in a science book. You risk getting in the way of the content for no gain.	1
This is good. But a A little smaller one would be great	2
It's a great product if you like to spend $100 on something and have it stop working 3 months later. I'm on skull shaver number 3. Only one from this supplier, I bought the other two locally. So I'm not attacking whoever sold me this product here on amazon but the bottom line is the product is junk.	1
after one time use it torn. the fabric isn't strong enough.	1
Pro: Keys are properly weighted. Sustain pedal included. Arrived quickly. Cons: The sound/tone/volume are identical if you lightly tap a key, or hit it hard. This ruins the benefit of practice! If you are buying this for a learner, don't do it. After practicing a lot on this keyboard the piano player will be ill prepared for a real piano. Dynamics are totally destroyed. And, it's tough to get subtle phrasing in, because that depends on a responsive interaction between the key stroke and the sound(s). For me, I will use it because it's all I've got. But, I'll start saving up for something better. Now.	1
Good security sensor for the money.	2
Sat down on a bench and took a call and wasn't paying much attention to the dog, and he chewed through the leash in about 2 minutes flat. Destroyed. Can't recommend something so flimsy.	1
The color and look is just what I needed to complete my curtains. I was worried that the purple would not be the color that I needed but it turned out to be just right. The material is not that great.	2
So far so good. I have not had a problem connecting my phone to the speaker. I received the speaker on the 14th. Today is the 19th and the first time I had to charge the speaker since the original charge. I have been using every day for about 8 hrs. a day while painting. I'm very surprised about the sound quality that comes out of it. I like the fact I can move from room to room with it and not have to worry about plugging it in to an outlet.	2
Was a bit reluctant to watch first..... but was shocked by such an amazing n fun loving film... it had become one of my all time favorite movie....a refreshing film	2
I purchased this for my daughter’s iPad in February. Recently she didn’t have her iPad in its case and it fell on concrete. The screen cracked or so I thought. The protector actually cracked since it’s glass and I thought it was the screen. It saved and protected her iPad sceeen from damage. Good thing I purchased two. Great product!!!	2
Good tv had it for a while. However shortly after purchase had one black line going through it. Their support said it was normal to have it so I disregarded it. I then found out recently through a close friend that he got his replaced over a black line said it can lead to future problems. Feel a little betrayed but overall the tv had worked fine. So if you get one be picky about stuff even if it don’t seem too big.	2
It was far better than I expected for the price.It is just as good if not better than a brand I have been buying since the 70s that costs as much for only 1/4 of an ounce. I will buy this again.Thank you	2
These towels are very soft and luxurious! Love them!	2
Fits great but not snug on the laptop, wife was scared it would break off	2
Not at all what we expected will probably return. It looks cheap. What is the best way to return?	1
This case is not ultra slim. Returning.	1
Very satisfied with these headphones	2
I recommend buying this case because it protects the cell phone, mine has already fallen several times on the floor and protected at all times	2
Looks great, but key slips out regularly	1
The chemical smell is awful. It burns my eyes and is extremely irritating towards a asthma. Even after fluffing in the dryer and leaving set out for 24 hours the smell has not dissipated at all.	1
Very uncomfortable. The back causes blisters	2
I'd pour 3/4 boiled hot water into the cup and 1/4 cold milk, and the cup will be too hot to hold. I often had to double cup. The lid is only good for one time use. They're kind of flimsy. At work, I try to use the same cup for refills but once I remove the lid, it often tears below the mouth opening. Even though you can still put the lid over the cup, you won't be able to drink from it without leakage from the rim. I would not purchase these cups again.	1
Overall this is a great dress for the price. The quality is average and it fits as expected.	2
I bought this for my Honda Ridgeline so my wife could step up to access the bed. It looks nice and seems to be good quality. However, it does not come with a pin which required an additional trip to the store. They should be clear that the hitch does not come with a required pin.	2
Nice case. The screen protector isn't quiet big enough for my screen though	2
You get what you pay, the tool is just acceptable, fit the price I was able to paid, but not expect the performance of the dewalt, sorry I sold mine few years ago,I believe the precision will be the main con, also the machine seems to like go away from my hands.	2
Simply doesn't work. It'll work for about 5 seconds and then "this accessories isn't supported". Both units have same issue. Do not buy!	1
Got this as a surprise gift for my husband, as he is a wonderful aspiring chef. He's already worked through a number of really lovely recipes (the pancakes and smash burgers stand out as utterly delicious) and I am quite enjoying being his taste tester. The scientific approach is impressive and quite appeals to husband's sensibilities. It's been a very worthwhile buy, and comes highly recommend	2
GREAT PRICE FOR GREAT PRODUCT!	2
Never received product.	1
do not need to worry about daytime drive to stab an eye any more ,evening other people open high beam to also do not feel to stab an eye ,very satisfactory	2
Looks like a great product. Bought 3 packages of the 3/4 inch but it doesn't fit on our 3/4 inch piping. They don't accept returns.	1
I bought 2and neither charge unless plugged into an outlet. It is not solar.	1
Worst technical device I have ever bought.* Can't access customer support without username and password, on the computer I tried to install with. After following all the instructions, the screen came up "wait for a few minutes". I waited 15 minutes..... nothing. I tried to get back in to find out what is...	1
Product is great. However, it was falsely advertised as receiving a $20 mail in rebate. When the box arrived it showed that the rebate ended after I received the item.	1
Sound is low, distorted when turned up.	1
Easy to apply...Nice size...Good for my big hands. Screen has a little give but doable.	2
Awesome fit except their are no holes for the headrest to go back on	2
I thought it would be heavy metal. It's metal and plastic. It's alright fir the price but I would not recommend hanging too many clothes on the hanging rack.	2
Great set of gloves. Very comfortable and very flexible.	2
I never received them	1
I have taken White Oak Bark for years to control Hemorrhoids. They really work wonders	2
I tried a lot of Vit. C serum. This one is okay. I love the scent. It's not that thick compared to others and it's just gentle to the skin.	2
Love the size and the turtles themselves but the cord around them isn’t that comfortable to wear and difficult to adjust	2
Not bad. Used it to work out some design issues for a water feature. Final version will incorporate a better quality pump. I think it would work fine for a really small fountain or maybe sitting in the bottom of a birdbath. For the price, you can not go wrong by giving it a try.	2
You get what you pay for it sits awkwardly on your head the cushions are alright. If you e owned good quality headphones these will dissapoint you the sound is flat there’s no bass despite the other reviews. You’re paying for the flashy lights and plastic.	1
Perfect size for my project. They do sort of squeeze shot a bit on the sides but if you fill them evenly they hold their shape.	2
Package received promptly. Squares were good. Happy with purchase	2
Trustworthy brand with enough Watts for a low/mid tier PC. Nice black cables that does interfere and keeps a clean look. Good price for what you're getting.	2
2 stars because they helped for my first flight. After that they did not help with morning or motion sickness. I don’t know if they stretched out after 1 use or what but I was on vacation while pregnant and did not find any relief.	1
Pigments are great. The packaging is not however. There was pigment already coming out of the little plastic packages. And its pretty hard to get out and seal back up without making a crazy mess	2
Great product, great price!	2
Too wide and long for my desk. Not comfortable. Constantly moving.	1
Too small for the majority of my frittata recipes.	2
This product has helped remind me to sit up straight, but overall I'm dissapointed. Bending over (even with spine relatively straight) counts as "slouching" so if you are doing anything other than sitting at a desk you can't do much until the "training" session was over. The device regularly disconnects from my phone without notifying me, so it's not recording my posture and I have no idea that it's off. You have to charge the device between each use, and my device takes about 3 hours.	1
I love the Fit & Fresh Lunch bags. However, this bag is really big. I was hoping to lighten my bags as I walk into work, so this didn't help. But I won't take away from the bag itself. I love the containers and the compartments. Good bag. Just big.	2
Easy to put and durable! Very protective of the phone edges, and light. I'd but another one if needed to	2
This is bar far the most convenient case I have ever owned. It holds 3 cards easily and never opens unexpectedly. It also protects my phone. I have dropped it many times and not a single issue.	2
It was exactly as described and functioned just fine. A decent value and product.	2
This product clearly says k-cups & the product is not that! It came as bags to brew a pitcher. I do not want these I want k-cups.	1
Works pretty well, especially for wax areas, and work fast. Wish it’s was a little cheaper but you pay for quality.	2
After losing weight, sitting has become uncomfortable. Was looking for something that would help & not make me sweaty. This is perfect! Portable and washable cover. Just ordered a second one for my husband.	2
This was not what I expected. I read it, enjoyed it to a degree but not enough to pursue the series.	2
This isn't really that good of a product... Applying it is amount because if your teeth touch your lips, you look like you drank fruit punch and it seems into your mouth. It's okay as far as smell and it does tint somewhat but I'm not impressed. I have much better colors, and makeup, than this.	1
When I purchased these I felt great that I had found them in the green and blue colors. Installed the green one and it only lasted about a week. I took it out of my swim bag and discovered it broken. Luckily I bought a pair because I had a run the next morning. Replaced it with the blue one, went out for run and at the 4.2 mile mark I saw it was partially tore. About a 1/4 mile later it fell off, completely broke.. $25 for junk!!!!!	1
Very convenient folding side tables, I use them both inside and out. Good size, big enough for a plate and glass. But store them inside to make sure they don't rust or age prematurely from the elements.	2
The case look realistic but the material is coming apart on the side from opening and closing it.	2
It was simple to place using the included frame. But when initially used with the Otter Box Commuter phone case, the screen protector started to lift off. I had to go back and use the included cardboard squeegee to re-press it down. After leaving it out of the phone case over night, it has not lifted since.	2
This is an update to the review below: Upon seeing my review, the seller, Mr Happy Store, immediately sent me an email wondering what they could do to make us happy with our purchase. I explained that, although the glasses are too small for my son, he liked them and didn’t want to return them. He likely will not wear them, but it’s his gift to return, or not return. The Mr Happy Store offered me a 30% refund, which I felt was generous, considering we didn’t return them. They also pointed out the sizing of their glasses on the website. I very much appreciated their customer service and willingness to work with their customers. Their product is well made and stylish. As I said in my first review, they are small on my kid, but I would check the dimensions and take a chance if you like the look. This seller is very responsive, so you can’t lose anything! Bought these for my son. Firstly, I read reviews before my purchase, regarding size and quality. My son is built like a football player, he’s tall and has an extra large head/face. Someone mentioned they fit a large face, so I took a chance. They are much too small for his face. The quality is good and the lenses are, indeed, as dark as they say. If you’re sporting a head that fits a large frame, these might not be for you. Maybe the manufacturer could make a larger version of their round sunglasses?	2
Couldn't use them because they were sent to me in 2 weeks and not 2days like they said they would be. It said in stock. And they were the wrong size item as well.	2
I’ve been a Anita Blake fan since the beginning she was a kickass take names person and the stories were full of mystery and action with a suitable amount of romance or relationship mixed in. Lately the books seem to focus on more of the relationship does he love me does she love me who is going to to be our next partner in the group that the mystery and action that made the books so popular to begin with. This book started out promising but then suddenly it was was more a romance love torn novel with a dash of action. Anita went from the confident kick ass heroine to a unsure lost in the angst girl we have now. Bring back the kick ass take names Anita we lived and lose some of the angst that seem to fill the books lately. When I saw it was going to be Anita and Edward I had high hope for a taste of the older books and started racing through the book but the story soon got mired down in her self doubts relationship drama that has pulled down the series.	1
NOT work slacks. They are basically leggings with small pockets. Can't wear to work because they look far too casual. Very disappointed.	1
One of them isn’t sticking : ( actually 2 fell off wall had to use construction glue	2
Not very powerful. Blends liquids good but anything harder like bananas or strawberries or peaches, it just gets stuck	1
So i ordered 4 of these - just opened 2.. and there's some problem or the other with each of them. Most importantly, they 2 of them seem to have bent legs. On top of that, the top doesnt seem very sturdy - i can bend it with my hands, so i'm not sure how well it will hold if i placed heavy items on it.. On top of that, the finish is poor.. It seems like some poor soldering job and then a rough paint on top of it.. Too many things wrong with it so will be returning..	1
This product worked great...have using it to project MAC computers to a HDMI TV and it has not had any problems.	2
I would have loved this one, but it was not a real short story. It was a teaser for a bigger product. It was pretty well written, though.	2
Bought this 4 months ago and it stopped working already. Not happy!	1
Very nice looking! One star off because the machining was off on one screw hole so i was unable to place one of the four screws. Im hoping it will not be a problem since i poured in two bags of sand	2
The sound is pretty good, but they hurt your ears after a while. They are NOT big enough to fit around your ears, so they press down on your ears, with quite a bit of pressure.	2
My friend wore these on a recent trip we were on together and highly recommended them. I ordered them when I got back home. The first ones I ordered, which were was a half size up from my typical size, were way too big. I returned them and ordered a half size down from my typical size and they fit perfect. Wore them to a concert with a dress and they were slightly uncomfortable at first between the toe, but were fine after several hours wearing them. They are cute with the bling and I can see them wearing them often. Dresses up any outfit and I received several compliments.	2
This arrived today cracked and a piece broken on the top corner. I am returning it and requesting a new one. Hopefully the 2nd one comes in all in 1 piece.	1
I am thrilled with this little hand mixer. Does everything they say it will. Yes, they do encourage people leave a review and will provide a gift for a positive review. That said, this is a great product, regardless. No batteries, recharges quickly, great power, multiple attachments and it produces excellent frothy milk for my morning cup of coffee. I was bummed when my coffee maker with frother went belly up. Found this product so that I could continue using my other coffee maker and not have to find another just to have a cappuccino	2
Makes the job easier. I just wish the rubber band was thicker to keep the liners in place with a stronger hold!	2
It's cute, but barely offered any support while travelling.	1
Unfortunately the product was damaged upon delivery and the contents leaked out all over box and other two bottles of syrup.	1
My order came in very quickly. It was a Christmas gift for my husband. He used them that evening and loved them! The box is very elegant.	2
I got this to work on some stuff for my wedding. It takes forever to heat up and absolutely forever to burn the wood. I had to hold it in one spot for nearly a minute to get anything to show up. It took hours to write out just a few characters.	1
After 3 days of use the controller stopped working will be returning do not recommend this brand to anyone	1
Do not buy. Used it once and it stopped working.	1
Very disapointed. Loved Woman In Cabin Ten,,,not so much Lying Game. Doubt if I will read anything by her again.	1
Dog did not like. Grip well, but almost too much. He tried to march instead of walk. Also, size fit front paw great but not so well on back paws.	2
Contains great and wonderful bedtime stories that kids will surely and definitely want to here very night. Stories that could teach them some important lessons in life. This book has emphasized also that bedtime stories has a huge part in children's growing up.	2
Pages were all blank. I expected a general outline for needed information	2
rapid shipment and reliable product form an function The TAPE that came with was noticeably not very sticky	2
Beautiful dress! I got a size small and the fit and length was perfect	2
This is a very good drawstring bag. It is very good to use for trips and for use in school. This is a very spacious backpack and has a lot of zippers and pockets to put items in. The main pocket could fit up to a whole basketball worth of space. The material is very nice and is waterproof. This backpack is sturdy and could last a long period of time.	2
This hair straightener works well. The temperature adjustment has a good range and it gets hot very quickly. I have thick hair and I can run the straightener through my hair at 420 with one pass and have a nice shiny straight section of hair. I am only giving 4 stars because I feel a bit of give in the iron and wonder and longevity. It does not seem as sturdy as others I've had in the past but I'm hoping that I'm wrong. Too early to tell.	2
As a socket adapter, it is good. But the junction could not hold the weight. So I had to return.	2
Bought this in late May and a month and a half later it's no longer working. I've used it once to try it when I got it and now it's dead. This product is no good.	1
When I first looked at the wallet, it looked nice. I went to put all my cards and money into and went I tried to zipper the change pocket closed it kept getting stuck. This was a reoccurring problem. Eventually the whole zipper fell off and now I can’t use it anymore. I can still use the part that buttons close but I prefer not to since I don’t have a place to put my change now.	1
The bags have a strong odor that doesn’t make you wanna use them	1
It came jumbled out of the cube shape. Seller helpfully suggested I shape it before giving as a gift. No thanks. Magnets not affected but a real bummer. They’re not as good quality as some I’ve bought here.	1
Great product for wine bottles, beer and glasses. Holds 6 wine bottles and or wine glasses. Not the best at keeping wine really cold, but adding a cold chill wrap will prolong the wines temperature until you are ready to enjoy. U can even make it waterproof inside the bag with the included plastic liner.	2
Love the product. However....When ordered, the order clearly stated that we ordered packages of 4 bags of chips. Both packages arrived with 3 bags of chips. We got 25% less than we paid for & advertised price was clearly misrepresented. We would just buy these at a retail outlet for that price. Very deceptive.	1
recommended for kids not adults	2
I did not recieve this item?. I almost re-ordered and noticed i already ordered this item which i never recieved.	1
I got this scooter bc I read on the reviews that it came with a helmet! What a disappointment for the price to get this and not see the helmet in the box - and the face of the birthday child when we told her that she couldn't ride it on the road!	1
It's not the right texture to be a beach towel or yoga mat. It is pretty, though.	1
The bottoms are very cute and the top isn't bad. It fit in the chest fine but the straps were very long on me.	2
Beer Can arrived with a dent in it :( ....Probably should have packaged them in a box and not in a bubble type envelope. I'm not sure about the quality of the sox because I bought this as a gift, so I won't be opening the can.	1
Oh they stayed up in the truck. All right it's the blinds that broke spend your money on drapes	2
Great everything works not damaged. Worth the buy	2
There is no place for the carabiner to go. It is soft though so thats a plus.	1
I am so happy and surprise with the quality.	2
This case is hard and tight, the quality is very bad!	1
I live in my car and, with kids around, got tired of all the garbage they're always throwing out. This bag is nice. The Velcro in the bottom makes it easy to empty. Note, however, that this sucker is on the small side. After discarding 4 soda cans, it's full.	2
Pretty but didn't last long!	2
It really doesn't seal. The crazy weird guy that said you can see a gap through the lid when closed was right. That being said it is plastic and it has little wheels.................... don't buy	1
opening too small to see the entire license plate and starting to pit & loose black color details after only a few months	2
Sounds good to me, good range of overdrive sounds. Very quiet pedal, no background hum or buzz.	2
Bought this when my ac went out and used it religiously for the month I had to fight to get my ac fixed. Now I still use it as a white noise machine and to keep air moving in my bedroom. It’s been great and running reliably for months.	2
Love! It looks great. Fits great. I get so many compliments. I did drop it on to my counter and two stones fell out. Bummer. But besides that I would definitely recommend.	2
Book arrived with pages falling out of it.	1
Lasted a few years of very light usage, now leaks all over the place.	1
use this on my fruit and always love it	2
I love the end result of cooking with cast iron and this really is a good quality cast iron griddle. I have to laugh at the review that says it's "too heavy" ... because...well it's cast iron. I would definitely think something was wrong if it was lightweight. The instructions for cleaning that come with this are more geared towards caring for a skillet - for example, it says the key to a good seasoning layer is buffing, which makes sense for a cast iron skillet, but not for a grill. Getting in between each grill grate with a thin layer of oil and "buffing" it in is a lot more difficult than oiling a skillet. That said, it's worth the labor to get to the end result of perfect grill marks and flavor. It's also worth noting that this griddle is too wide to be used on a long 5th burner. It's more for use across two adjacent burners. If you use this on a 5th burner in the middle of your stove, there's not much room for anything else on the stove top. That was apparently unclear to me when I bought it, but that was my oversight. I still love this thing.	2
Cool case. Feels very protective. My son wants one now.	2
Expected better quality from this camera. Wide shots are fuzzy must be a produce issue. Would not purchase again	1
I bot 2 of those Bc I didn’t pay attention “it’s synthetic hair”. Great for updo but definitely not for hair cutting or hair coloring	2
They work well for modifying kydex and plastic sheaths with eyelets for horizontal belt carry.	2
Has a Hallmark sticker on it that won't come off - not what I want to give as a gift	1
Don’t buy. It breaks eventually	1
These have those small triangle inserts which make your chest look weird. Also, too small for me but I wasn't willing to go up given the triangle situation.	1
Pros: The sizing on these are great. I often have difficulty with underwear sizes. Typically, a medium is just too small but a large is a bit too big, but I have to go with the large. I bought the medium and they fit perfectly. Also, as advertised, there were no panty lines, which is also difficult to find. In my experience, many “no lines” underwear still leave lines that you can see through my pants. Cons: However, unfortunately, they are cheaply made. During the first day of wear the seam along the side of the crotch lining came undone. I’ll still try to wear them and see what happens with the loosening seams, since they fit so well, but it’s disappointing. I didn’t expect too high quality given the price, but I did expect more than one wear. We will see if the other pairs in the pack do the same thing.	2
Bought this for my husband and he used it two days and insides are coming apart already.	1
Misleading.....does not, I repeat, does not fit the Pixel 2 XL...covers up the speakers and camera. Not tempered glass as stated. Wasted my money. How can I get my money back? If I could give it a half star I would.	1
Absolutely love this!!!!! Perfect fit and so cute.	2
I’ve use this type of books for years this is the first time they did not include the data files that go along with the exercises in the book. They should really make it available to all customers the data files are part of the book.	2
I like very good products.	2
Liked the material, thin, breathable as well. Didn't like this blue on me, makes me look formal for causal wear	2
Dont make them like they use to...did not work as good as older models of hot picks. Temperature did not get very hot; luke warm at best.	1
If you like cowboys I think you would like this series.	2
Ours didn’t come with a dry erase marker. It came with an eraser for it but not a marker. Otherwise, it looks like my 5 yr old son enjoys it!	2
Product ran significantly smaller than advertised. I read other reviews, but I did not see anything about it being small. It was form-fitting not loose and flowy.	1
Okay shirts for the money.	2
knockoff Otterbox. The home button is hard to press for a 5S. outer shell is great, the hard plastic shell is cheap and flimsy.	1
quality bottle, just wished there were more color options.	2
It’s lovely but there is a loud BING every 8 beats. It is very distracting and I could not keep it.	1
Useless. Go to see a doctor if you need.	1
Magnetic clasp did not work. Returned because of this, but liked the look of the profile.	1
A lot bigger than I thought	2
I would not recommend it. It did not help keep the refrigerator evenly cooled in my RV Norcold fridge.	1
Received axle puller all broken and used... ok so i did ship it back for replacement ok... second time it came in ok condition, but with missing parts... terrible service AMAZON doing crappy job!!!	1
Love, Love...Love It! The bag is the perfect size and the graphics is awesome. My son is so happy!	2
These pads are great, but they are clearly meant to accommodate significantly overweight users. For small/slender people like me they are overwhelmingly huge. .	2
Bought this kit to try and save some money and it ended up costing me more. The only useful part of this kit is the hose. None of the fittings in this kit screw on to the hose properly. Bought name brand fittings and screwed on the hose without an issue and they don't leak. I'll see how the hose holds up in the long run but I'm not optimistic.	1
This drink definitely helps me to wind down and destress, but I do not like the lychee flavor! Definitely going to stick with the white raspberry one. I am forcing myself to drink these ones.	1
Felt stiff and sized too large.	1
Unfortunately, my schedule was such that I wasn't able to use the product until after my return date ended. Otherwise, I would have returned it in a second. Since I was unfamiliar with how the product worked, I kept using it thinking that I must be doing something wrong. I used most of the dial settings, opened and closed the lid, cleaned out the tube, etc. just to try to make something happen. I used the product for a couple hours thinking that I could get it to work. Eventually, I stopped the insanity and used a different product, which worked right away. At that point I realized that I had purchased a worthless Chapin product. Initially, I was hesitant to purchase the sprayer because the customer ratings seemed to be all over the place. That's usually a signal to me that quality control is a problem and my gut was telling me to buy something else. Unfortunately, I couldn't find a better rated product that customers seemed to like, so I rolled the dice and lost.	1
They seem to fit any chair and look good.	2
At first I didn't think it'd work because I had it plugged in and nothing was turning on, then I realized I just had to flip the connector that connects the LED strip to the USB wire. So if you think it doesn't work, remember to flip it and try the other side! There are so many color and display options! I personally prefer using the pink color haha. I have this right behind my computer monitor and it just looks really neat. The instruction packet had clear instructions that were easy to follow and the remote is is easy-to-use. Also note that once you cut the strip, you can't use the rest of it as it doesn't plug in anymore. You won't be able to attach the strips on all 4 sides of something unless you bend it a bit; cutting it in 4 pieces will NOT work as only one side will work (the one that attaches to the USB wire). I personally use just one strip at the top of the backside of my monitor and it still looks great. Either that or you can put one strip across the middle of the backside.	2
Spices were very close to expiration. Tried to use the included red pepper flakes yesterday, with no heat and little or no smell. Basically no flavor at all, the spices have lost their potency.	1
Bought these to cycle through a newly bought shotgun. Did not jam.	2
This box was delivered with no lid. It would have suited my purposes very well if it had been delivered as shown in the photograph. :-(	1
My granddaughter is crazy about Rapunzel, and will love this. However, the handle was not connected to the roof, so cannot be carried like it shows. If arranged carefully, all items can be shut inside the house. The windows of the hose even open. I just wish the handle wasn't broken.	2
In case you were curious how big an extra large is, here's a picture of my blue nosed pit trying to use his new bed. It's pretty nice if you have a cat or a pocket dog.	1
I love the flavor of this coffee and it came on time.	2
it is a decent case but the screen protector is easily warped by the sun. I set my phone on my seat and by the time I got to my destination the screen had a rainbow warp on it from the sun that didn't go away. Additionally the screen protector is not scratch resistant.... My screen looks horrible. Lastly, texting is a little difficult because the screen is not sensitive to touch.	2
The worst water jug I've ever bought. After 3 uses the lid no longer screws onto the bottle. Making the jug utterly useless. I recommend you look elsewhere for a water jug.	1
It doesn't work as intended with PS4. Once plugged in, any devices connected through the hub will not work properly. My controller and my headset Bluetooth piece constantly lost connection through the hub.	1
Very cheap quality. It came broken. It feels really cheap. It’s hard to install in pet because it doesn’t come with the right tools. Rear camera didn’t work. Same quality that if you buy it from Wish.	1
Although this product fits, the pattern isn’t exactly like the picture and appears to be a smaller picture, in the picture it looks stitched and up close it’s not.	2
I liked the acting a lot, plus the bit with Elton John was hilarious. But, overall, it's to a movie I prefer over the original.	2
Containers/box came busted open	1
Item is perfect but I gave it 3 stars because the Packaging was terrible. I'm just glad it was for my daughter because if it was something I wanted to gift to another child I would have had to return it.	2
Small, cheap and I can’t get my Bluetooth to connect to it at all	1
Dogs like it but boy do they stink. Even they hesitated when first smelling them.	2
Did not fit our go kart even tho the description says it will. Had to send back for a refund	1
Good product which meets needs. Interesting shade design which you don’t understand until you assemble. Light is crooked so only 4 stars.	2
Very yummy but expensive for tea. There are better quality teas for cheaper out there in the world	2
It was the right size, but it arrived broken. We ended up getting a new microwave.	1
This is nice. Only thing I don't like is the hearts get stuck in the corners and you have to wiggle to get them down.	2
Just what Lloyd wanted	2
huge lint balls. don’t think they will last long. plugged up the dryer first wash	1
If you are more than 10 feet from iPhone he sound goes off	1
Add my two cents to all the negative reviews. I have experienced all the problems listed by others. Lid not secure; rod doesn't align; primers flip in the tray; tilt unit to feed primer into shell holder & the shell falls out. I have a 20 year old RCBS hand primer feeder that has worked like a charm for thousands of reloads. "If it ain't broke, don't fix it." Addendum: it's 13 weeks and no rebate sent. I wrote them and they couldn't care less. Their reply: It's coming, soon???	1
My a.c. in my car don't work so I needed something to make it cooler but with this fan you need cooler air already to feel cool air coming from it.	2
Slightly damaged but still works.	2
Flower pot very small and has hole directly in bottom for water to run out	1
3 if the 4 cords worked apon arrival one of the 10ft was broke it’s a months later went to move my 10ft to a different outlet plug and the usb came out see pic	1
Fit great, very comfortable, but the knit upper part holds fuzz and cat fur like crazy.	2
I guess my expectations were higher. They are not bad at glare cutting but the write up on them seemed to inflate my expectations. For the price, I expected more. They will cut down on some, however night vision does not get any sharper.	2
100% recommend. I love it so much. it's soft and easy to clean.	2
doesn't maintain seal like original caps	1
Thanks a lot I love it :) One of the best things I bought. Also thanks for fast response and great communication :)	2
Although reading this book was starting in the middle of the series, I had never heard of the bride's of San Francisco so I hoped that I had found a new series. Unfortunately I was wrong. This book was very predictable starting at page 1. The character development seemed rushed, the conversations were inane and many times modern phrases were used not the phrasing of the era. Much about the book was unbelievable for the era. Cora lived in her own? No chaperone and not even a live in cook or housekeeper? Hopefully, some of the other books in the series are better!	2
Great, sturdy, light bag. Solid construction. I tossed it in my last trip to London. Needed to go to Belfast for a few days and decided to use this bag for the short hop instead of carrying my suitcase. Worked perfectly. Seems water proof and hard to get dirty, easy to fold back to a small flat shape . A great buy for the price.	2
Happy with purchase, product as described	2
Wayyyyy too hot could not use	1
I really like this jump-rope. It is however a little long. I think they should offer a petite option for shorter people, but besides that its awesome. Great quality and easy to use.	2
The polished chrome will stand up to the weather. I mounted this on a wall that my BBQ sits in. I wanted it for the tools and to hang knives, towels, and all other BBQ items. Love it!	2
These sleeves don’t fit a normal US letter size paper with it being able to lie flat. If I were to close it in a binder it would cause the document to crease. As I planned to use this for my families birth and marriage certificates this definitely doesn’t do what I need them to do.	1
The diffuser works, but the overall quality of the product is poor. It’s a 10 dollar product. Would not recommended.	2
Scam !! Never sent and changed seller name! Beware!! Just fake reviews to boost rating!!	1
Easy to store. Product material is cheap and the kids don’t fit well and come off when jarred. Lunch box mess is what these cause.	1
This Air Pillow deflated within the first 24 hours of placing it in the pool. Since our pool is already covered and winterized, we will need to wait till Spring to retrieve it.	1
The material was thinner than I expected and the shoulder straps were not very padded so they would not have been very comfortable after a while. This was intended for a day hike which would have required carrying water bottles in the backpack. This backpack would not have been able to handle the weight of the water bottles.	1
Only had 2 reams of paper.	2
These tablets work fine, but I was disappointed that they come individually wrapped, since they claim to be "eco-friendly". They say the wrapper is recyclable, but it would be better to not have it at all!	2
Massive. Did I say Massive!! Too big for us. We returned them.	2
Connector was spotty and took some jiggling to get it to work. Returned because I was unsatisfied.	1
Overall good quality and serves the purpose. One issue: after washing couple of times, the length of the socks becomes rather different - some sock got shorter, some - longer.	2
Looks nice and seems good quality but will not stay stuck to my phone	1
The outer shell is very flimsy. It shredded after just a couple of months exposing the inside material. On one side it shredded off completely. Very disappointed.	1
Fit perfectly. Lightweight denim. Very comfy. Straps very long but adjustable.	2
P Love Big Fish games. In some games, it's hard to see and find some items.	2
I recieved my slide today with NO hardware! My kids have been so excited to get this. What a disappointment!	1
A very nice Photo studio for a small price. I bought it to take photos of my hand made crafts and it has been working out very well. The bright light help to get even the small details in the camera. So far, I am really liking it.	2
We had purchased this product many times thru this seller & we are happy with the product & packaging condition. However this time, the bag had a four inches rip. We are concerned that the cat food inside might be stale. Since we run out of food for our cat we cannot return....	1
It was cute but too small .	1
This movie peaks early with the cow scene. The rest of the jokes are explained, then beat to death. They must have used a different director for the trailer. Interesting concept, awful execution. +1 star for cow scene	1
This is the second socket I've bought this size because the first brand wasn't fitting well. This one is good to go.	2
It did not fit our tv although it was advertised as universal	2
Awesome price on a great Hardcover book.	2
Box was empty. Well, the shipping box contained a case for the lenses, but the case was empty. So I apparently purchased a very expensive glasses case. Very disappointing.	1
I have almost used all of a single color. The only think is I wish I could buy a single color instead of a whole set since I only use a certain color. other than that i think it is good quality and easy to apply.	2
I've been using this for a few weeks, one side for me one for my husband, and it's okay. Not great. I can feel that some of the tabs are going to break off sooner rather than later, but for the price it's ok.	2
Do not purchase this jacket I ordered a men’s medium and they gave me a boys small then they refused to take it back worst $40 I have ever spent.	1
The seat cushions are too thin and not comfortable.	2
only buy this pillow if you like sleeping on 3 inches of pillow. Each of the sections is about 3-5 inches wide, hard and very uncomfortable. Doesn’t matter if you’re sleeping in your side or back. Tried to return it and I’m getting mixed messages from this company. Yes you can, no you can’t. Can’t get a straight answer and customer service is slow to respond. BEWARE. Maybe Amazon should reconsider this company as a selling partner...	1
Kind of cheaply made but the kids will like them I hope there wrapped under the tree right now	2
The shape and flexibility are great I know our grandbaby will enjoy them	2
One of the poles doesn't lock on a section so I can't use it. The screw just turns but never tightens.	1
Really like the feel on my feet during a shower! Just what I needed!	2
This item was never delivered to me. The tracking had the nerve to say hand delivered to me. NOT!!!! Don’t be fooled by prime 2 day shipping. You won’t get the item at all	1
Error reported "not compatiable". Sometimes worked, other times iPhone just stopped playing.	1
My fiancée absolutely loves this! I thought for sure with the great deal that after a month or so, the jewel would fall off or something, but it’s held up really well and looks great! He brings it to work with him everyday in the sun and hot weather as a lineman and it’s still holding out nicely!	2
I was extremely surprised and pleased to received my order 3 days earlier than expected.Battery works great.	2
Did not receive the weights and after repeated attempts to contact seller with no response I’m writing this review to tell you STAY AWAY. After looking around their price is not that good, try Target instead at least you’ll get the items you bought.	1
I expected it to be very long, but that wasn't the case. It looks nice.....ok	2
I got these sport earbuds to use while walking. These are lightweight and very comfortable sport headphones. They fit behind your ear to prevent dropping. They are Bluetooth so I can connect it to my phone to play all my favorite music. The sound is very clear and high quality. Battery life is great...I can use several times before it needs charging. They are amaxing earbuds and I highly recommend them.	2
I know this peanut butter delicious, however I wasn’t pleased to cut my finger on this oily mess. I don’t think I’ll be ordering this again.	2
I did not like this product	2
Hi quality. very strong.	2
These are good but could be thicker or more study	2
I will be returning this item.Unfortunately, it was too puffy/bulky for Mother’s wheelchair. She was so uncomfortable and looked as if she would fallout. Also, box arrived torn and in poor condition.	1
Retired so guess use this winter	2
Very easy to set up, and results the first night. Evidence of mice in my closet. Set this up the day I received it and caught him that night. No harm to the mouse and he was released in a wooded area far from my home. Definitely recommend.	2
Tastes ok, but doesn't mix at all. Hard to drink as part of a blender ball shake.	2
It's a nice dust pan except for one thing. The back is not high enough. You can't get much on it if your cleaning up a big mess because it falls out over the back. Or if you are cleaning up big stuff. I will keep it anyway for little messes.	2
Harder than I thought it would be.	2
Convenient to use. Warm and doing massage to eyes gently. Can be charged easily.	2
Product never arrived as reported.	1
Great buy. As advertised.	2
I absolutely adore this lotion and was pleased to find it available on Amazon at such an affordable price. Sadly though it came to me in a bag half exploded. Not sure if it was sent by air and exploded on the plane or there was some other issue. Either way, it's a little disappointing to see it arrive like this.	2
I own a pet sitting business and I deal with a lot of dogs with bad breath. Not only that, I also see animals who deal with gum disease and whose parents have to pay to have their teeth removed. This is very easy to use; if you have a small dog like mine you don't need much at all, so two of these will last long. (Give the extra one to a friend!) People forget dogs need dental care just as much as their human companions.	2
Item was missing. Had to request a refund.	1
if you do not bring the pump you must change the photo eye this is incomplete	1
Sadly have to give it 2 stars. It’s such a cute outfit but too big. My son wears 12-18 so I got the 12-18 was excited when I received it. Turns out it was way too big it would of probably fit a 3year old. I reorder to a 9-12 months was still too big and the shirt was like pinkish :(	1
Don't buy! They are tiny and really cheap looking.	1
Bought for a young boy with cancer and HE LOVES IT!	2
Garbage....broke in 2 months.	1
Please contact to inform how to connect to internet to work	2
It's very useful, I like it.	2
Zipper not working on second go, and then properly dented on 3rd use. Quite disappointed.	1
This is the neatest light bulb I've ever had! It fits perfectly into my small chandelier over my bed and it lights up the ceiling so nicely. It had different settings, changed by turning the light off and in again. We like the simulated fire light. It's fascinating to watch and we've enjoyed it. It's a neat change to just regular bulbs! Options, options, options!!	2
I only have 4 and perhaps its not enough to deter ducks in my pool. Helps with stray cats.	2
Perfect and on time delivery	2
They are pretty small but they are cute. Sturdy wood.	2
The movie was just okay for a free prime. Would not had paid to watch it.	2
It said and showed when I purchased that it came with a cooler. I never received a cooler. This is the reason I chose this one over the many other BBQ tools.	2
Could be a mind thing but I see a BIG difference in just a few days of use. I will re-order this very soon for sure. I was going to try the Uricel since it seems to be more popular. However, this was popular and less expensive. Since I'm seeing favorable results (so far) I'll stick with this one.	2
Water in light and only been used a couple times	2
These socks are too cute. They are a stocking stuffer for the grandson. The packaging is nice too! Don’t know about the fit ... yet.	2
Some interesting information...moves pretty slow though.	1
It was a good thing there where two shields in the box,,,, the first one cracked when I installed it, the second one left a number of large bubbles that I could not get of the screen, so there went number, sorry to say I would not buy this brand again	1
liked the cold shoulder look	2
These are just OK, you absolutely need two or more of them even for simple jobs because they loose their power fast. Nothing as good as the original Makita batteries. Shame because in this day and age with our battery technology these should be many times better then what was made twenty five years ago.	2
Don’t waste your money. The temperatures vary to much and don’t seem to be accurate. Also doesn’t function probably, instructions say to hold thermometer in place until it beeps but it never beeps regardless of how long you hold it	2
Fit as expected but material is itchy! Will not buy again.	2
I did not purchase this pillow for sleep. It is too firm for my use as a pillow as I have extremely sensitive ears to pressure as well as a neck issue. I bought this pillow for my recliner to use as a cushion. So far, I am pleased. The washable cover is nice and is soft. Delivery was timely as well.	2
Im a 38 waist and the 47 was to small. Had to pull the belt to get it on. I could just see myself struggling with this in a public restroom and people looking at me weird	1
It was that i expected	2
Bulkier than I thought but seems like it can take a couple drops	2
I ordered Maple Pecan k cups for my last two orders and was sent sugar cookie.	1
Not full glue so you'll get some bubbles..	2
2 of them have broken. There rest seam strong, and I have been using them everyday I kind of wish I would have gone with a carabiner.	2
Best loppers I ever used! They easily cut through small branches, and the extended length enables me to reach a lot more from the ground. Some reviews said the extended arms bent with use, but so far I have no trouble with them.	2
Nice quality but too opaque. They aren’t really stockings. They’re tights. It was disappointing because the description wasn’t clear enough to determine if they were tights or stockings.	2
Would be nice if it allowed for the use of the Apple Pencil. Unfortunately, it does not.	1
Goes great with my home decor	2
Really cool present. It's a shame that mine didn't came perfect. The words are very hard to see. And a little tilted	2
Just the right size. Shape makes it easy to be able to scoop all the ice cream out. No corners!! Appreciate the insulation acting design! There are similar designs by other companies out there that don't have the insulation design. So glad I realized that before I bought mine!! This brand is great! It is NOT recommended to store on the freezer door though. So, why it shows that in the description photos, I don't know! Very happy with this!	2
Love the way it looks. But it doesn’t work on my car the top don’t go in is to big the bottom connector is wrong I won’t even turn on	1
It was uneven..returned it. Fit kinda like a maternity dress.	1
Expensive for quantity of kcups. Strong-ish as advertised. Not a great breakfast coffee for me as I like the first cup to be a bit milder. Flavor was ok. Tim Hortons is better.	2
I bought a large and found it to be a little too tight. I guess if you have a larger face, you will probably want an X-Large. This one fits much better. I like the looks, as well.	2
A surprisingly good story of love between two different types. Love between witches and warlocks, wolves and bears. Enjoyed it as a slow day in a hit summer.	2
Keeps items from falling into disposal but tends to float some when draining the sink.	2
If they are not in the box, thus connected in strings, they are useless. Package your items better! NO STARS	1
It seems to work well but I was disappointed in Schwinn for the plastic wheels.	2
This outfit fits great except for the short sleeved top. The stitching is very tight and I can't get it around my boys arms. But the long sleeved and the jacket both fit great.	2
I wear these socks some. Better for winter time. Thick socks. they didn't pull up as far as I like socks too.	2
It is a pretty necklace and I figured out how to add the oils pretty quickly. However, the dropper that came with mine did not work well to pull oils out of their bottles to drop them into the diffuser. After many attempts, I was able to get a few drops of oils into the diffuser. However, I could not smell the oils unless I put the diffuser directly under my nose and then only for an hour or two at most. I am using very expensive essential oils (Young Living), so that can't be the problem. I had hoped to be able to smell them just by having hanging around my neck. I have only worn it two or three times, so I don't know how well it will hold up. I will keep trying, maybe with a different dropper if I can find one small enough.	2
a couple of days after i got my order it started ripping in the back of the chair	1
The chimes are great - just as expected!	2
So basic and not really helpful or valuable info at all. I found more by googling.	1
Idea it too big and doesnt fit my headset. It's not eligible to be returned so I can't use it and now am stuck with it	2
I thought I was reordering the same product I purchased three years ago but the formula has changed and the color is totally different. Furthermore you can't return it!	1
I used to live in Salt Lake City and have been to Yellowstone many times so found this very interesting. There have also been a numerous of TV shows on the possibilities of the super volcano erupting again and what the impact would be to the planet. This book portrays this well with a lot of the science involved in monitoring and assessing this event. I'm not too sure about the fracking side story since there is very little chance it could have affected the super volcano in any way. It just seemed to pander to that non-relevant (to this story) environmental issue. Several characters seemed to get distracted by emotional and romantic feelings when time was very critical and survival not a sure thing. Overall, I very much enjoyed this book.	2
I bought two of these they work very well except for their going off constantly I've only been able to connect it to one phone. Is there any way to adjust the motion detection it because drives me crazy even the wind sets It Off.	2
Jammed up after 20 uses.	2
Been using Laura Mercier brow pencil from the mall for years now. Figured I'd give it a try via Amazon for convenience purposes. I have ordered from them a few times now... And I won't anymore!! The reason being, they never send the color blonde. They always send ash blonde. At first, I thought maybe it was an innocent oversight - it's not. Anyone who knows makeup knows there is a significant difference between ash blonde and blonde. Apparently, they must not carry blonde, which is what they are advertising. It was highly disappointing and costly for an eye brow pencil!	1
They don't come with security screws. They instead come with black drywall screws.	2
This product does not look like the picture. The dress is far too short to be considered a slip. It is more like a shirt. I do not recommend it. I gave it two stars because it is very soft material.	1
I like the coffee maker and it worked fine for 10 months and then started to leak the entire reservoir all over the counter top. Retried to make coffee 3 more times and it still leaked water onto the counter...	1
Does the job, looks great and easy to install.	2
Love it! I didn't realize how tall this thing is. It's perfect for my workspace - doesn't table up any table space and is easy to manuever.	2
Back of the case is super sharp like there is a separation between the glass and the gold part. I have cut my hands a couple times already!	1
So far so good. Much better than my messy butter dish	2
Not for me. I can see this we would appeal to a much younger person.	2
I really like the shirt however the print is crooked.	1
The cutout is too long and extends into the burner flames. May fit older gas stoves.	1
I have a club cart DS and this doesn't fit it. I wanted to return it and can not. So this very disappointing	1
Extremely dirty & had to return and had no cords, memory cards or controllers	1
Good product for the money.	2
The buttons are accessible and easy to use. The case is sturdy and durable.	2
I love this blanket. I've been meaning to get something like this for a beach blanket, so I ended up buying it for a picnic date. It's fairly large so plenty of room on it, I love the design, and it's for a good cause. Highly recommend it!	2
Caught a mouse, I think I should pick a transparent, a little scared when I saw it in the move.	2
Totally different than picture and description. The photo shows a suede appearance and cute string to lace the cuts. What I received was thin, stretchy cheap material. The lace strings provided in the bag were cheap round shoe laces. Do not buy!	1
I really like it but it is missing a bolt to keep the other leg on Hoping someone can contact me about mailing a new bolt. I rigged it but it's wobbly. With out bolt, I guess I'll have to send it back	2
Bulkier then anticipated...doesnt really shave ice...chops it up	2
The color is not as warm as I thought it would but still much better than its white equivalents.	2
installed in 2017 Jeep Wrangler. low beams are way brighter than factory. high beams only marginally brighter. worth the price.	2
other brands are more absorbent and therefore reliable at night	2
I bought 3. All 3 broke on the first job where i used them.	1
Say curtain not curtains and would be more clear for those that are inexperienced at buying curtains and otherwise wonderful product quality	2
Not comfortable. not enough toe room.	1
My 10 year old daughter love this game	2
Pros: Works as advertised. Cool power on/off buttons for each port. Great to have faster connections. Cons: interferes with my Bluetooth mouse. Putting it far enough away solves the problem.	2
This tumbler keeps my hot tea warm long enough before I can I finish thanks to the double wall design. The metal straw and the metal ice cubes are so cute and functional. The size of the tumbler is perfect and fits my car beverage holder. Love it.	2
Works great holds heavier phones really good	2
Well built and a must have for audio components. Don't use a cheap power strip.	2
Very pretty picture, but was disappointing to find a 3 inch rip on the bottom of it.	1
Cute but just for looks	1
Good Ol' Elton as a Pop Figure...…….he rocks but the box doesn't.One corner crunched	2
I wanted to use this to deter birds, rabbits. But that is not what is product is designed for. Also, the flashing light doesn't work unless the product is fullly charged.	1
I ordered a size larger but unfortunately it was still too tight and not comfortable for sleepwear. Had to return.	1
I bought this screen protector based on overall rating from so many customers. I placed the first screen protector on the day received. About two days later I accidentally dropped my phone. The screen protector popped right off. I am on the second now. Hopefully it stays on.	1
Seems reasonably well made and works well with my laptop. Recommended.	2
Nice but didnt last too long with the kids	1
Know these should be tight but it takes a village to get these socks on. Too much effort.	1
Lightweight...cleans floors pretty well but not carpets.. biggest issues with it is that it's really loud when it's on bare floors..need earplugs to use it	2
They were fine for the short time that they worked. I bought two at the same time, and one died after about four weeks and the other died after about six weeks. They look great but don’t last.	1
Good movie with great special effects, I have a 3D TV and definitely recommend this version for owners of similar TVs. As I recall, it won best picture at the Oscars.	2
I’m a huge fan of French press and Star Wars. The picture looks a bit bigger than it it but it still holds about 2-3 cups of coffee. Wish it was dishwasher safe but totally worth it. Love my R2-D2	2
We opened the puzzle for the first time, put it all together and it was missing 2 pieces	1
Good fit, good material for the price	2
The item did not work at all. I placed into 3 different computers and none of them was able to connect to the net. Even after going online to get the software that was posted they still never worked. Not even worth sending back I just threw them out.	1
quality is good connects charges and syncs.	2
Perfect pens for taking notes. Best pens ever.	2
I love how heavy this pillow is. It took me forever to find a pillow like this for a good price. I would seriously take this pillow on vacation with me. It’s as soft as it needs to be but ur head doesn’t cave down to the mattress. It’s thick and heavy but not bulky. As soon as u open it throw it in the dryer for 10 mins. It comes flat as heck but the dryer brings the life right into it. Comes out a completely different pillow.	2
One ball arrived without the top. Made a makeshift one from wire. Worked OK. Looked bad. Otherwise balls were fine. Pretty.	2
This product worth every penny. Love it with echo.	2
Large, sturdy feeling pan. Unfortunately during the first use, I noticed the pan is curved with the high point being in the middle. This causes all of the oils to flow to the outer rim of the pan, leaving the middle exposed.	1
The orange was brighter than in the picture, which I get. It's online, it's hard to get an accurate read on the color. But the second time I lit them, they dripped. A lot. Maybe there's really no such thing as dripless tapers, but if so, let's stop with the false advertising. I burned these inside, and there was no draft: it was winter, and we have radiant floor heating, so the air is pretty much completely still.	1
Very lightweight and cheaply made	1
each has a very distinct personality and I liked them very much	2
Blurry printing, not as nice as it looks in picture	1
Ordered them with prime delivery. Tacking said they got to USPS.... but then no updates for over 2 weeks. Was able to get a refund... But......yea.... I wanted my lights!	1
Great Christmas present	2
Stylish and useful great quality	2
Product never arrived!! Scam	1
I was disappointed with the product because it kept coming out of my ears. The cord was also uncomfortable. Unfortunately, I had to return and search for a more suitable pair.	1
Classy, and it looks good with a LV bag.	2
Loved it, this is my 3rd one because they always wear through where the metal clip is attached. It needs re-designed.	2
Poorly engineered, metal is thin like soda can! Easily bent & damaged.	1
Sat down to write dates that are planned for next year missing pages in planner. Not happy with this. Other wise size and space for writing is great loved until was missing pages	1
Order this dress! Just do it! I got one, lost weight, so had to order a smaller one! Plan to order more when it gets warm again in an even smaller size. One of my fave dresses!	2
Opened up package and about passed out from the strong chemical smell. Tried washing them and still has a bad toxic smell.	1
I got this monitor a few months ago and have been regretting my purchase ever since. Using it is like seeing everything through a screen door. It's painfully clear to the naked eye the gap between pixels, and everything just looks awful and unpleasant, even though the colors themselves are fine. The only reason to get this monitor is if you can't afford anything else. Otherwise, spend a little more and get something nice to look at.	2
So disappointing. Long on repetitive, unnecessary details. I kept hoping it would get better but it never happened. I've decided not to go on to the next book. 800 pages covering 6 days. Absolutely one of the worst, most boring books I've ever read. Save your time and money. Horrible.	1
Too short and a little to narrow. I wear size 10 or 10.5 narrow or medium and they will not stop slipping off in shoes. I even try to stretch before and while putting on, but to no avail. I like them otherwise.	2
Nothing like in picture, very see through, cheap	1
Great! Worked perfectly and is virtually painless	2
Does not drain great and is not as cute as I thought they were going to be. Better designs out there, just keep looking and spend a little more. It will be worth it.	1
they were dull ,,can't be used	1
The usb part is already broken.	1
I had this protector on my iPhone X for a year and loved it. I don’t know if the quality has gone down with the next editions, because the company has added more variety. All I know it the screen protector cracks VERY EASILY. I’ve only had the phone cover for a month, and there are already tiny cracks and scratches that prove the quality has really gone down. So disappointed.	1
Excellent hose, worth every Penny!	2
Only good thing I can say about these tongue rings are that they arrived fast. The quality is poor and not to mention I got 4 of the same exact design and a couple of the others had 2 of the same. Also, there was two missing. Needless to say I will definitely be returning these.	1
So far very impressed with the quality for the small price I paid.	2
I knew I wouldn’t get something really high quality but this is pretty cheap. Some things broke the first day, but it is cute!	2
This is one of those books I got for free that was worth every penny. I kept waiting for the story to start. I didn't like this book very much. I felt the characters were one dimensional, the plot was obvious and there was no life or character development I'd skip this.	1
This product is great. Good price and good quality. No need to pay too much to keep you golf shoes and accessories organized.	2
The rainbow sleeve butterfly one is super cute in person BUT the sleeves are too short, like 3/4 which doesn't work for my girl. She can't stand them.Also I ordered an 8 tall BUT beware that when it came it was tagged as 7-8. I also ordered the hedgehog one which seems more in line with how it should fit. The sleeves and bottom are both longer than rainbow one. I need to return the one that doesn't fit but they don't accept returns boo. This did not work out well and i feel like money has been wasted.	1
I can't decide which book I enjoyed the most. Each had its own unique style and mystery with delicious baked goodies. I can't wait to read more!	2
Interesting story of a life lived well, not in luxury, but in dedication to doing her best to advance not just women, but all people. She is a tireless worker, smart and determined.	2
Prompt delivery. Nice product. I am a curvy 16/18 and it fit good. Size reflected size chart. They were looser on waist than I would like. I have a small waist and curvy hips. Length was nice not too short!	2
It works well on the stove top but not for the oven use.	2
so adorable and cuddly, just looking at him makes you smile.	2
This is really cute but it’s cut straight up and down. I’m normally an xs so I expected it to be loose (I got the small) but not only is it way too big, it’s cut like a box shape. If you can sew or have someone to alter it, it could potentially be really cute.	2
For my great grand-granddaughter ... but she will grow into them.	2
Strap broke off as soon as I tried to put it on. Very cheap material.	1
Made a sleep sofa that was impossible to sleep on usable. If the sofa had decent support, which it doesn't, it would be very comfortable.	2
Seem To Be Nice ! Easy to Slip Right On !!!	2
They are very cheap for the price. The sawing was uneven in both side and end. Some of them had markings on them. It was too late to return them	1
I was impressed with how quickly it got here, but it smells terrible! It smells like alcohol mixed with perfume.	1
didn't work out of one channel right out of the packaging.	1
Works, but I hit a chain with my weed whacker and it broke. I would have assumed it would be stronger	2
Butane is fine but this is their idea of a free "torch lighter", it's basically a 10 cent crack lighter. Not worth it. You can get the same fluid for cheaper without the "free" "torch" lighter.	1
I love the Gaines family and all that they do.	2
It's ok for the price. I'd have ordered the more expensive brand, except I couldn't get it shipped in time.	2
Probably one of the best product I’ve ever bought for a rash my poor little babies butt	2
Could not even get it on my lids without it running. Product description over sells how well it works.	1
Two (2) out of the 4 bows were stained with ink-like substance. Unable to use 2 out of the 4 issues.	1
Nice sun glasses but the readers part are really low on the lens.	2
Ok bulbs but packaging 10 of these could use some work	1
I ordered this in March & have yet to receive this item and it’s the end of May! VERY dissatisfied!!!	1
Worked fine the first few times,but now, the top half will not stay together, so I cannot use the type C and the micro mini is so loose that half the time it won't charge either. It seems that the 2nd group I ordered, the quality is just not the same or mfg by someone else.	1
Really cool looking case and fits well. I was working on a roof in the heat one day with my phone and this case in my pocket and the combination of the heat and sweat caused the case to melt. It melted and is ruined. Cool case but will melt if in 100 degree weather.	2
This book was absolutely fantastic. I recommend to anyone planning to launch yourself into a psychedelic experience. It can be a truly life changing turning point in your life if done safely and knowledgeably.	2
Nice rope but had to return because the hooks were not big enough to go through our pontoon eyes	1
I love this brush. Because I take a shower at night, I only use it in the morning to straighten or curl my hair. Tried to dry it one day, and I didn’t prefer it over an actual hair dryer.	2
This does just what I wanted. It infuses deep heat all around my neck and shoulders. Very relaxing and is helping with my neck tension. I was surprised at how heavy it is - about 2 pounds as the specs say. That's OK - it actually helps it stay in place and keep the heat in. But it's not something you'll take with you to use elsewhere. It also takes a bit of time to get warm. they make a big point not to go over 90 seconds. But it does not get warm in 90 seconds. I need to go about 150 seconds.	2
Auto focus doesn’t does not work. It is also very loose on a ef mount on camera. Would not recommend.	1
Did not receive ordered since september 19 2018	1
I got these boots for walking my dog in a largely suburban neighborhood without sidewalks, where the biggest problem in winter is road salt. They have worked perfectly for that job. They go on and off easily, and stay on very well. I haven't challenged them with play in deep snow, but I would expect them to be good for that as well. I also expect to use them in spring, when the problem is mud, and in summer where the problem is hot road surface. As soon as I saw how they were working for me, I immediately ordered a second set, so that if for any reason I had a problem with one boot, I would have a replacement on hand.	2
This weather station has great features, except the temperature is always 4 to 10 degrees higher, so, is not accurate. Reviews say this is due to the backlight. If I don’t use the back light, I can’t see those great features, so what is the point? Disappointed!	1
I am new to organic hair products and thought I would try this gel because it said it could be used on dry hair. I have medium thick hair that I normally wear in a messy bun. Unfortunately this product did not work well for my hair using it with the dry hair directions. Returned product	1
Got the package and it’s missing the teeth, which is the best part of the game ☹️	1
Like a lot,easy to read,keeps you going, you don’t want to put it down until you are done reading the next chapter. Looking forward to the next book. Enjoy and keep reading.	2
Did not do a great job on drilling out harden exhaust bolts, but they did not seem to dull either. just did not cut as I would have hoped. I nice drill bit set.	2
Hi guys, any news about the item that I returned ? We have done this more than a month. Thanks in advance	1
Wasn’t too fond of this. I needed something stronger than the basic crew pomade, but this wasn’t a good choice. The smell was fine, the hold was mediocre and was difficult to wash out. Not too happy with, but thank god it’s only $10...	1
Meh. If your family tends to yank on the door when it's closed, it will bend the tab right back down thus rendering it effectively useless. Just my .02	2
The case is too soft, it looked kind of firm in the picture but it’s not. It offers good protection but if for some reason one of the corners is squashed with something heavy it will get deformed. It is not something to throw anywhere in your backpack for sure	2
Original batteries and the spare ones lasted very short time - the replacement is not easily done	2
It did not come as pictured.	1
I ordered these on a whim because the mosquitos have been awful at my home. Since plugging them in, I am shocked to say I haven’t seen one mosquito in my house! I never would have believed it, but they work amazingly.	2
This stuff worked marginally for keeping gnats at ease.	2
The rings look cute on but if you wear them for more than 30 minutes, your fingers will start to turn black underneath them.	1
my son liked the book	2
Very nice idea but not thought completely through. The case is made well. But it needs better ventilation than it has. My now returned piece of crap Galaxy book began to overheat the very short time I put it in case. The entire purchase from computer to case was a nightmare. My lifetimes worse purchases. Unfortunately I took a big lost in cash for all the accessories I purchased for the computer. I was unable to return most of them.	1
Just wore these for the very first time today, for a few hours, and have gotten LOADS of compliments.	2
Does not fit cabinets that do not have flat surface all around	1
Poorly packaged. Box was damaged. The cage was cracked on one side. I had to tape it up and use it because I do wildlife rescue and no time to send back and wait for another cage. It wont last long because it will crack more when the squirrels start chewing where the hole is.	1
I have a 3 year old border collie heeler mix that weighs about 50lbs and he fits just fine in this. He has a dog bed and mainly lays down when we travel there is enough room in this for him to move around in. I like that it folds down. Its been in the rain and I haven't had any problems with this at all.	2
I gave this as a birthday gift to my friends one year old and she loved it. The price was beyond reasonable. It does have to be completely assembled. I didn’t know that before the party so I was in the hallway assembling it with moments to spare. It lights up and makes sounds. The baby loved it and took to it immediately. So she’s the one who actually rated the product for me. Great gift for a 1st birthday! Very durable and sturdy. She was able to grasp the handle and it didn’t take off with her like I expected the wheels clicked giving her time to take her steps.	2
There was a large rip in the bag when we received it which caused the cat food to spill all over the box.	1
Not sure on what double stroller this would fit. Does not fit my Baby Trend Navigator Double Jogger Stroller at all (see attached photos). It is nicely made however, and does repel water.	2
This was my first micro flashlight to replace using a headlamp on backpacking trips, thanks to a few reviews from some long-distance thru-hikers who provide gear reviews that I trust. I really like this light and its 3 settings, especially the lowest setting which is the only intensity I use when around camp. The medium setting is plenty sufficient to night hike with while still saving a little bit of battery life compared to the high setting. As little as I use a light at camp, this seemed like the perfect solution. The flashlight body is built well and the button on the rear of the light has a very solid action. On the first press, the light turns on in the medium intensity setting. You then double-click the button to cycle through to the high and then the low setting. I would prefer that it always comes on in the lowest setting first, as it's what I use the most because it's so battery-efficient while being enough light to see around camp. My main reason for removing a star is because of the clip. It fits well in the forward-facing position that it arrives in, but I bought this light to clip it to the bill of my hiking hat en lieu of a headlamp. When the clip is turned around, it doesn't seat as well and I have to be careful when clipping it to my hat so it doesn't fall off of the light. Minor issue that can be solved by either being careful or by securing it with a small amount of epoxy. Overall I really like this light as a replacement to using a headlamp. If you're very efficient with your light usage, a single AAA will last for a few nights worth of light use. I still carry a spare AAA battery in my kit though, just in case. This flashlight, combined with an AAA battery inside and a spare battery, still weighs an ounce less than my headlamp did. While my headlamp could last up to 12 hours on high setting, it was just overkill for me.	2
Easy to take and effective	2
It was for my mom, but the size is a little tight	2
The clips are quite small but seem to the job for holding even a full sheet of paper. My biggest complaint is that they "break" easily - the clips pop off the tacks. They're just glued on, which is not unexpected. I am using them on a simple bulletin board and when I try to remove them, the clip comes off the tack. Sure, I can just glue them back on, but who has time for that! If I wanted to do that, repeatedly, I would have just made my own in the first place. These are worth about $2 rather than what I had to pay since now I basically have to make them.	1
Boo this seat only lasted 5 days before the seal broke from me sitting in it in my car... I weight 135 pounds. Do not buy	1
Okay this is simply amazing! My little cousin loves this! He connected this with his iPad and is always running around showing everyone! I took him swimming and he refused to take it off because it is water proof! It looks very nice, 'sporty-type' and is water proof and has so many functions! Would recommend this!	2
The case is very nice, especially for the price. I could not give it a higher rating because the part of the metal buckle on my lid actually split apart. I was able to glue it back together, however, and it is still holding together so that the snap works. For the price I paid I did not feel like going to the trouble of returning it since I was able to repair(?) it.	2
Parts were amusing, but no plot development below the surface. Not really romantic, more soft porn. The author seems more into shock, than developing some human interest.	2
I bought this to track my walking laps at the gym. When it arrived battery was installed in device and it was dead! Looks like they either installed it already or it was a return, either way battery was dead. I went to the store, paid $6.00 for a new battery, which I was not sure was the problem. I put it in and seems to be working well. So, do not buy unless you want to buy a new battery right away.	1
This is a brand new book about SEO and I successfully complete reading this book. This was very easy to read and learning. Every topics is discussed by marked pictures so there no chance to fall in confusion. From my personal opinion I like this book so much and I will use it when I need to do SEO. Overall I'm satisfied.	2
I got these shelves for my snowglobe collection, and I thought that they would be bigger, and would be larger in depth but were still nice shelves. The install was a bit complicated than I expected and needed some help to hang them. I am overall happy with the product and the price.	2
After a month of daily use, this band is still really stiff and not as comfortable as the original band. BUT, it’s a deep black that looks good and did the job!	2
I have grey/silver/black hair that I get professionally colored purple (my colorist has to bleach the roots to get the color to stay). But when the roots begin to grow out, they look awful. So I have been trying various ways to color or tint the roots around my face purple. This was one product I tried. I was disappointed. The purple rubs or flakes off VERY easily onto my face. It's also "crunchy", as others have said.	1
This combo worked fairly well, but the resulting joint was not as tight as I would have liked. One of the blades was off a little bit and that made the dado a bit wide.	2
This is a fun, easy read. The story is well done and light. It moves forward at a good pace and holds the reader’s interest. I would recommend this book to anyone looking for a nice and interesting book.	2
I had this for 2 years and it started rattling super loudly. It was great until then.	1
The product was separated from the zipper out of the package. I didn't open it right away and now it is too late. Be careful to open and check the quality once you receive it.	1
Since I have Glaucoma, I cannot prep for meals, so this product is handy.	2
Not soft. Not scratchy or terrible, but I paid $45 for a single shirt because it said "An incredibly soft feel, nice drape, and breathable fabric." Not soft at all. I bought my mom a T-shirt at Target that was waaaaaaaaay softer than this for $20, and own many soft cotton Ts. This T-shirt fit right, it seems well made, but it is NOT a soft cotton T-shirt. My son asked me for that "soft cotton, like the last T-shirt." Ordering this, I failed.	2
Absolutely love the color! It attracts a lot of attention & compliments. It was easy to attach. I will continue to monitor the band to see if it develops a bubble & if the leather detach from the band like the other brands. So far, I am satisfied.	2
Coffee turns out watery.	1
I didn't like the flavor and the salmon bits were like leather.	1
Ordered this USB 3.0 to HDMI cable for my Microsoft Surface tablet. The Micro HDMI port was damaged and this seemed like a great alternative vs. buying a whole new laptop. I was a bit skeptical at first on if this would work as I've only ever dealt with HDMI connections but it worked like a charm. I think what I was most impressed with this purchase however was the support that came with the product which I think is unusual for a low value accessory. I had initial issues with the connection so I emailed support and they responded quickly having me check my HDMI cord. Sure enough I had a bad HDMI cord and replacing it was the solution. Don't expect a extreme support but getting any support with an accessory is a plus! An important thing to remember is this may not be the best solution for a computer or tablet with minimal USB ports and you will need an HDMI cable to connect as one is not provided but this saved me a lot of repair money or new tablet money. Happy with my purchase.	2
Pretty much useless...it collects some of the lint but some falls back in the dryer vent when you pull out the brush. Does nothing for the lint at the bottom even though it is long enough. Waste of money.	1
So...I was scared. Nervous and uncomfortable with this idea. But friends were so happy with the Saalt cup, I decided to be a grown up and try it. And it’s a game changer! Oh how i wish I would have found this so many years ago. It’s not scary. Takes some practice but I’ll never go back. Now I’m the one trying to convince friends to try Saalt.	2
These were fine at first. Then I noticed the part that might turn purple already looked purple before the test was performed. Now I have half of a bottle left and can’t trust the results.	1
it was pretty easy to install as it just bends a little to slip into place. i had to trim mine a bit to get it to fit in as my doors measurments were not exactly to the items dimensions.	2
Straight forward and easy to setup. Just pop in the included battery. Test worked, but I’ve yet to encounter a real world water leak. It’s a bit more sensitive than the Zircon device that I have, which is a good thing.	2
Use this product six or seven times on my Wheaten Terrier. It is quiet and the blade never overheated. I always wash my pet before grooming her and kept the cutter blades oiled. Worked great at first, but after four or five cuts the blades dulled and no longer did the job. Not worth purchasing.	1
Not really as durable as you would expect a kids tablet to be, its basically a big smart phone. No front camera.	2
I followed the size chart and it was way too small. Useless. I don't even think the next size up would be adequate. Terrible product information. Sized for teens not adults?	1
Keto Vegan: Essential Guide to Healthy Lifestyle and Easy Weight Loss. The style of composing is direct, and it makes things clear and simple to understand. This book is an extremely useful guide with a phenomenal scope of formulas.	2
3 little pieces each fire, works every time.	2
If you can see them and have hand eye coordination and used to working out of a reverse image mirror, There will be no problem using these scissors.	2
Adriana Locke is one of my top go to authors. She writes books that everyone wants to read because she is a master storyteller. Her writing is excellent and her character development is brilliant. Crank is the beginning of Ms. Locke’s The Gibson Boys Series and the final Landry sibling installment. Walker Gibson is a big cranky hunk of a man and Sienna is independent southern girl and when the two meet is it is captivating. There’s a lot of back and forth between the two of them that is quite entertaining. When they final manage to get together it is so hot that I’m surprised that the building didn’t burn down. Ms. Locke has always had strong supporting characters in her books and this one is no different. With their introduction in Lucky Number Eleven, I was looking forward to more of the Gibson Boys but getting to know them better in Crank just makes me dizzy with excitement for the next installment of the series.	2
Very hard to vaccum dirt from this rug due to many small squares. We have this at a door way and very hard to get ice salt out of the rug.	1
Well, I’ve given it 6 weeks, using faithfully morning and night. I was hoping for longer lashes (but I wouldn’t have given a one-star review if I had at least gotten fuller). I haven’t noticed any change. To top it off, the last 2 weeks I have been babying my tube, since it developed a crack/leak along the bottom edge.	1
It’s a great concept but I’m looking for a feeder that I don’t have to check every day. The way it’s built, once the chicks ate, the holes did not refill on it’s own. I had to reach down inside and shove more food down into the holes. Kind of defeats the purpose.	1
Stop working after 3 months use every other day	1
I knew I was making a mistake!!	1
I'll update this review once the new one comes, but it just got here and Is completely shattered! I wasn't even able to take it out of the box 😭 It looks like it's packaged well, so I'm assuming it was shattered during transit. A new one is supposed to be sent next week and UPS is supposed to pick this one up tomorrow.	1
I wore this for about 45 minutes before it broke off at the clasp and I'm unable to fix it. It did fit me. I am petite, it was snug but I like them snug it's not supposed to be a bangle.	1
Item as described. Board was bigger than expected but it's great for my classroom. It was missing a black pawn. Can seller please ship this or I will return	2
Quality should be much better	2
Perfect case to show off the mesmerizing color of the orchid grey S8+! Seems like good protection as well and it lines up perfectly with Whitestone's Dome Glass screen protector. Was a fantastic deal as a Amazon warehouse item.	2
As described, I'm happy	2
I was excited to receive my order and to stop using plastic wrap. I tried to use these stretch lids the first couple days, but they didn't seal tight and didn't stick well, so the food was exposed to air. I gave up on them!	1
I like the Pop's, but all four were damaged in the first shipment. I sent back and the damage was worse in the second shipment. It was like someone had wrapped their hand around each of them and crushed them. There was no damage to the shipping box at all. Trying one more return, but not holding my breath.	2
I bought these diapers in size small for my chihuahuas since they were peeing on everything and pooping all over. These diapers were these dogs savor. Now I use the diaper along with the male wrap and my little guys hold their bowls until they can be taken outside. In case they do pee or poop these diapers catch everything and can be machine washed easily. Now my husband is happy and my puppies are apart of the house again. It’s a lot cheaper to buy these diapers than replace the carpet in my house. Yay	2
Gives a decent shave--as good as most Norelcos I've used. Only used the shaver and the ear/nose trimmer so far and they are serviceable. Haven't tried the facial scrubber or sideburn trimmer. Only shows charge up to 98% but I get a week's worth of shaving from a charge and only drop to about 50% charge. Decent shaver for the pretty-low price.	2
This is the best leash I have ever bought. I use it as a cross body instead of around my waist and its perfect for me and my service dog Duke. The double bungee design puts minimal tugging to me and I love having the traffic control handle just in case	2
Both my original keyboard that was shipped to me and the replacement keyboard both were missing the Bluetooth receiver. It should have been stored in the battery compartment I found this out online at Logitech	1
Beautiful sports bra, but not made for bigger boobs. There's no adjustability. I wear a 32dd and I'm 130 lbs and 5'6. The medium wouldn't cover enough and I couldn't adjust it. If I went to a large it would be too loose.	2
Not a good trimmer for a close shave. I bought this hoping for a good trimmer. Because i always use trimmers to shave my face for a close trim look/i get razor burn like a fiend. But this thing doesnt even get the longer hairs from day 2 of not shaving. So for my intended purpose it sucks.	1
I'm not going to give this Item a bad review because I could have just received a bad pair. I followed the directions provided to a T and I could not get these bulbs to work. After returning them I went to Batteries + bulbs and bought a set and the worked perfect right off the shelf. These bulbs require you to remove the ballast and run hot to one end of the bulb and Neutral to the other. They didn't work for me. Good luck	1
Cheap, flag falls off the pole easily, poke not long enough to support the flag	1
the drawing on it doesnt look much like a tortilla but rather dirt. using as beach blankets instead. terrible quality.	1
Put Mirror on truck properly. Within 3 days it fell off. will never buy again.	1
Fits my mattress perfectly. Very nice quality. So happy with this purchase.	2
We were going to use these at our family reunion at Thanksgiving this year, but it was cancelled due to Hurricane Michael. Toys have been put up until the family meets again next year.	2
Easy to apply. However 2 days after placing it on, the edges are losing their adhesive and coming up.	1
Did not recieve item even tho was advised delivered....	1
I wish I could give this two and a half stars. It keeps a charge but it doesn't have much suction, it still kinda works though. I bought this for quick area rug vacuuming for in between uses of my big vaccum. This may work for some but I'm glad I didn't pay full price for it, Thanks lightning deals! Lol	1
Great pricing; good quality product	2
I love Mark Greaney's Grey Man series. Red Metal is almost as good as Tom Clancy at his best, but to me it seemed as though the plot points of China and the rest of the world's response were somewhat overlooked or de-emphasized. It is very difficult to put down and I completed it within a week of starting it. The action is very well described and the strategy used by the Russians is certainly creative. It combines elements of land, sea and air. I have heard that this may become its own series. If so, I would likely read every one.	2
Accelerates too quickly...more of a review book.	1
This was a great product for 4 months. Until it started to get warm outside. Then it lost Suction, so I stuck it down with gorilla tape. Then a few weeks later the arm holding the phone up so I could see it, would not stay tight and the phone would fall.	1
This shampoo is excellent for my scalp. I have eczema and psoriasis in my scalp and this product is the only one that clears it up. But it strips my hair and dries it out completely. In the end the scalp wins because it provides relief when I have a flare up.	2
I sent it back. It wouldn't shut up. It was going crazy before I even put it on my dog.	1
As in the title, we were a bit nauseous as a result. Not sure of course if this is due to the nature of VR or because of the lens themselves. We tried a few VR apps and my friend complained that it got very hot (again, probably just because the phone started overheating). I don't really have any reference points (other headsets) and I heard it depends on the person, but I'll try it again later to see again. In terms of build quality, for the price, this is what I expect. I haven't tried the remote yet, but many of the features are pretty gimmicky. Much better than what a google cardboard would offer, but some of the features like taking phone calls aren't practical if I can't wear them for a long period of time anyway.	2
I can’t give this product five stars nor will I give it 1 star because I was never able to use them. I needed there for a job as I’m a MUA. I paid for the two day shipping option which would have gotten them to me in plenty of time. I didn’t receive them until 5 days after the fact. I lost money and sent the brushes back. I know that this was not the brush manufacturing companies issue it was an Amazon Prime issue. Maybe in the future I’ll try to purchase them again.	1
Had it on for 2 months so far and its great	2
I’m sure this item will work for my cat, however I received the item completely opened inside the completely sealed amazon packaging.	1
"It's either dramatic as hell, or boring enough to make you want to off yourself. There is no in between". A quote from this story but is identical to how I feel after surviving this book. I feel like the author was more connected to Kade, when we finally started getting his pov, the story marginally improved. My biggest issue was the redundancy of Ainsley's hesitation, good grief, you beat that to death and quite frankly, to quote Ainsley, it was pathetic, she flip flopped between priorities too easily and considering she's a grown woman, I had a hard time relating to her emotions, at times she felt like a rebellious teenager. Just wasn't the book for me, everything happens too fast, there is no anticipation and very little depth.	2
I really wanted to like this shirt, and support small business...However, the shirt is of poor quality, I can see right through it from the back! It is also very small. I will need to return it.	1
Great, saves me from having to keep a watch on my wrist in labor and delivery.	2
This product will not work in any outlet or plug strip I’ve tried.	1
Kind of cheaply made for what I was expecting but the but the phone	1
Love these moccasins. Sturdy sole good for going outside or in. However the stitching around the top has come out on BOTH shoes. I have repaired it ok but expected more from Minnetonka.	2
This item lacked any texture or color on the inside portion. Instead it was a plain dark blue, not appealing to look at. Will be returning this. Lame.	1
Stretch wrap set arrived as expected Used the stretch wrap roll to wrap my luggage to protect them. Stretch wrap is useful for protecting the luggage from the baggage handlers. Handle is easy to use and roll around.	2
Took a long time but finally got them. Too bad they were in the shape of the letter C. Would have been great if they were straight....	1
It is what it is. A decent water dish. I purchased it for my baby sulcata tortoises. It looks like they'll be able to drink from the lower parts of the dish. The bottle isn't big. Maybe 8oz. When you fill it, and turn it upside down, half the bottle is empty. The bottle doesn't screw in... It just sits in the opening, so I think I can use a 20oz bottle of I need to. Overall better than my flat dishes I was using before.	2
Durable, and good quality	2
Great tool to have with you	2
Pretty but so small I have to give it to a little girl as a gift.	1
Received in box with loose parts. The muffs, shield, and helmet were all in separate pieces with no instructions on how to assemble. Would have been 5 stars if it wasn't for the sharp edges on the cheaper plastic moldings. There are a few burs here and there and you will catch one when assembling it. Face screen is metal and the rim at the top extends back to the helmet brim blocking debris sufficiently. Helmet adjustment works good and is comfortable. Ear muffs work to deaden sound. Ear muffs do have a pull out feature so you can leave the helmet on and pull the ear muffs out away from your ears where they will lock into place and stay. Screen does flip up too.	2
DO NOT BUY!! Had ordered a couple months ago and still not here and seller is unresponsive.	1
These run extremely small. I wear a large and ordered XL to account for possible shrinkage and they are skin tight. Dissaponted.	1
They come a lot bigger than the size charts. I ordered them for my friend in the size she normally gets and they were way too big and didnt fit.	1
It's a very nice case, and I love the magnetic phone protector it comes with. The only thing I don't like is the center sleeve. I wish I would have done a little bit more research because, it's very bulky once you start adding all your credit cards in the wallet sleeves. Overall, still a good bargain.	2
The tutu was fine but the head band feathers and singles our feathers were all messed up and couldn’t be used	1
Communication with Hoover was not pleasant but product is good	2
Twice ordered 12 rolls leopard duct tape. First received 12 rolls zebra duct tape no leopard. Reordered received 6 leopard rolls and 6 more zebra rolls. All packages marked leopard. Not happy with order. Would not recommend.	1
I liked the fit. I bought it to wear.	2
Cute jars, but the description states they are Ball Wide Mouth., They are not wide mouth jars at all!! They're not even a regular mouth. I can not use them for the project I need to use them for. And I don't have time to fine the right jars for the project. I'm going to have one very disappointed seven year old.	1
Great watch! Pretty!	2
On paper this drive is perfect for what I need on the road. It’s light weight and portable, very fast. However as someone else noted in a review I read it’s having a lot of I/O issues I’m not sure if it’s the drive itself or the cables provided. But it often disconnects or causes an error issue and it’s very annoying when I have to edit video on the go as I’m currently a touring photographer. It makes me not want to sue the drive at all.	1
Not very clear and angle nt real wid	1
didn't last long before slowly dieing	2
It fits a little weird.	1
They are smaller than advertised. For party favors, they can fill with snacks and toys of small sizes.	2
I love this lens! I’m sure it won’t last long but I love how it’s performed for the price! It is a tiny bit slow but not too bad! It’s perfect for senior portraits. I think it performs better if you have it on a high end camera body.	2
Lost the original, or my cat hid it. Was ecstatic to find exactly what I needed on Amazon.com. I had already bought a couple of Universal remotes locally, and they didn't work.	2
I received the wrong shelf. I ordered the brown shelf and was sent the white shelf, which does not match my other furniture. I was really excited for the shelf so this was very disappointing.	1
I bought these to have an extra set when doing lashes. They are a bit difficult to work with and dont really have the right tension im looking for.	2
They didn’t stick anywhere near the way thru were advertised!	1
Call me patient, stubborn or ridiculous but it took three yrs before the controller actually decided to pair and work. I refused to buy a new controller, or send it back, there was some procrastination on my part hence the three yrs. But it works just fine now.	1
Looks and fits great!	2
Beautiful color and very soft! Even gave it 4 stars. I absolutely loved this wig but I had to return it because the cut is too choppy in the back.	2
Took a long time to receive. One of the batteries was bad. Other than that OK	2
this thing is great and has saved me on multiple occasions. i think everyone should have one of these! apple probably wont allow them to add an iphone port, which makes sense, but that would be cool :)	2
This support is not sturdy enough. When I sit on my seat and lean back, this flattens out significantly and thus provides minimal support (I am a 5'11" 175 lb male in case you were wondering). The curvature of this is not so great either but that is subjective. However, once again, if you are looking for something sturdy, this is not the way to go. I would like a refund.	1
Received a message saying that it would be delivered by Dec 18 it is now Dec. 21. So disappointing. I want my money back!	1
I have bought lot of cables from this seller, but as the title suggest. Unfortunately, this one had durability issue. After 3 months of use my left one became super low while right one is normal.	1
Does not work on an S7 , or a Mac - from an IT professional	1
This does not work with the iPad mini 4 like it said it would.	1
This does not fit a 2009 dodge ram 1500 crew cab. Hard to put on and is not flat with bumper. Had to buy extra long screws.	1
I ordered it to replace the plastic part, ring gasket and I also received the blade and rubber ring. All parts are working fine, but the blade just got lose and it almost cut me, just punctured my thump. I returned it and I'm getting a full refund. It seems the blade was defective. Overall, I'm happy with all the other parts	1
I love silk pillowcases and this was a good price. But they’re sized too large. The standard pillowcases are too roomy for standard pillows. I’ve used both soft-medium and medium-firm down alternative pillows from Target, brand new and lofty, and in both instances these pillowcases sag and look sloppy. If a silk pillowcase sags a lot, it can tend to wrinkle at night especially if you sleep on your side or stomach, and/or if you’re a hot sleeper. So it kinda defeats the purpose of getting a silk pillowcase if you’re going to end up with a crease across your cheek, although it’s less of a problem if you sleep on your back; you’ll just notice the wrinkles on the pillowcase in the morning and it’s more disappointing rather than presenting a real functionality problem. Anyway, if you have super overstuffed pillows somehow, maybe these will work better for you. But I don’t think it’s good for my neck to be propped up that high so I have average-sized pillows and these pillowcases are too big and not returnable.	2
Not 100% free returns they don’t give you all your money back. I ordered a few dresses with different prints and planned on returning the ones I didn’t pick. Free returns right?! The dresses were never worn. But I was shorted on my refund with no explanation.	1
These melted away very quickly.	1
The handle is lose and a piece of the metal broke off	1
I like the sheets but I just wish they were a few inches longer so I could tuck them in better at the bottom and fold some of the sheet over the blanket. The wash and dry very fast.	2
The Soundcore Spirit Sports are very well built and the magnets are very strong and have no problem staying on my neck. They are pretty comfortable to wear and stay in my ears pretty well. However, other issues kind of put me off the experience of using them. Sound Quality is decent, it sounds OK but in my ears, they don't sound that much different from the Soundbuds Slim. Battery life was OK, the stand-by time for me wasn't great because even when I don't listen to music that much on a day, I would still have to charge these by the end of the night. Then there is the issue of calls lagging when moving a few feet away from my phone. It's kind of annoying to just a bit from my phone only to find that the other person is hearing me lag in the call. The mic is also at a pretty low volume when I talk to people. Also another problem is watching videos and listening to music. For some reason, if I start listening to anything when the buds are coming from a state of not playing anything, sound will not play at full volume at first but instead, gradually gain volume until they reach the volume that it was set to last. I never had earbuds do that to me and I found that weird when I first experienced it. So overall, the buds are built well and are very comfortable, but sound quality is a bit lackluster considering I spent more money for these than the Soundbuds slim. The other issues definitely does not help as the lag in calls and the gradually gain when I start listening to anything add to the annoyance of using these. These buds are built well and the magnets are great, but the other issues are what make these earbuds harder to use for me. Update: Anker's customer support is one of the best in the business. I contacted support after they messaged me to reach out to them after my review and they decided to send me their upgraded version the Soundcore Spirit Pros. After using these for about a week, they fix every issue that I was having and on top of that, they sound a lot better and fit in my ears a lot better than the Spirit Sports. I added a star for their efforts in making me happy and if you buy any Anker product, you are assured to get amazing support for your product.	2
I have now read the series to date and have enjoyed the twist and turns. Now onto the stand alone novels by Tim.	2
Love the color. Seeds look good and prices great. Too early to plant to see if seeds come up.	2
not sure why but the battery life was kinda lacking but that might just be the phone itself	2
I discontinued after 2 weeks. It did not work for me.	1
Bought a few of these for my home made vegan ice cream. And they are awesome. Really good durability.	2
I would say the only thing I don't love about this is that it does make a bit of a mess (but that's to be expected). I had first purchased their powder and liked that a lot, but this is way more convenient (and a little less messy). This stuff is really amazing, though. I always see results!	2
Really liked them until they die out so quickly. I'v only had them for a month. :(	1
Not even 2 mos since I bought these and 2 of them have already gone bad	1
I purchased these as a gift to go with Barbie dolls I am donating to a children's charity. I bought 2 brands to see which I liked best. They cost the same, and I have many more dolls for which I need to buy clothes. Some of these clothes were made of materials so thick that I doubt they will fit around the doll's waist - they barely fit around my thumb. Also these heavy materials frayed and had strings hanging everywhere. They should have been serged. I received everything I was promised, but I would not purchase these again. I imagine a little girl that doesn't have a doll won't mind, but I am sad to be giving these. I will be purchasing my other Barbie clothes from a different vendor.	1
Gotta admit, wasn't too sure about these little lanterns. But for the price, I thought I'd give them a try. For the money, you can't go wrong. They are bright and seem pretty rugged. I like that you can adjust the amount of light. All in all, well worth it. Buying more because I have an outdoor family get together coming up and I can see mine disappearing.	2
The padding in the sole is too narrow. It doesn’t cover the entire shoe	2
Well written with larger than life characters. It can come off as a little over the top at times. The heroes of the story come off like superheroes at times and reduces threats to a minimum leaving you feeling like the threats are an after thought. Overall an enjoyable book	2
one broken in package one broke while installing. not satisfied	1
I ordered assorted colors, the whole package was white. Not what I expected at all.	1
Failed after a month	1
The colors are just the tone I hoped for and really being my space together. I feel like this rug made this room seem more sophisticated.	2
Also, their return policy is dubious.	1
Kind of short for me. Not very heavy either. But its ok	2
I wear these skirts for my golf league every week and they are so cute. fits well and seems like a great deal for the price.	2
Just what I was looking for.	2
As the manufacturer, and many reviewers mention the whole frame of the pump is nice solid metal. The gauge is easy to read and accurate, and a few drops of glue easily fixed the plastic covers falling off the feet. Unfortunately the hose and connector are the weak point. Getting the connector on far enough to activate the valve stem, but not so far that it's hard to get off when you're done pumping took some practice. The second time I used the pump to inflate bicycle tires, the hose ruptured. I'm going to replace the hose and connector with some I have from an old air compressor that died. Without those upgrades I wouldn't recommend this pump.	1
My boyfriend liked it. I used it as a gift box for valentines day that I thought maybe he could use later. I thought it was OK. not great just OK. I am used to the army surplus store kind of cans. This was not that. BUT VERY nice for a gift can!	2
Too bad. I have bought this brand in the past and it has been really nice. This lot will not stay lit. The cone burns down about 25% of the way and then goes out. I suppose every company has duds but it surprises me considering the price. Poor quality control or perhaps the company is slipping. Too much of a hassle to return and I have written to the seller with no response. I will be buying another brand incense from now on.	1
Quality is lacking but they are cute and cheap.	2
The buckle positively engages the belt so there is no slip. The belt is flattering to pants. I was pleasantly surprised. I really like it.	2
Instructions were very blurry and hard to read. Took me hours to figure it out and I have the ability in putting things together. The back axle where attached to bed of card was bent forward where is bolted to bed. Was unable to bend, however, got it bolted in with grave difficulty. Good news is appears very sturdy and easy to maneuver and all the parts such as bolts and nuts, cotter pin and cart parts were there. Maybe consider clearer printed photos/drawings with different views and better explanations of what bolt goes to what by using the letters instead of the weird this bolt and that bolt named with numbers. Would make a lot less confusing to decipher and for quicker assembly. All and all I am please now it is put together...finally.	2
We got this for our 16 month old grandson and he loves it!!! He's spend hours playing with these magnets. We put them on our deep freezer so he can easily reach them and has a lot of space to move them around. The portable board that comes with it is nice to use on long car rides, or to take along when visiting friends with no children.	2
Convenient and easy to use product! Works very well!	2
It came with a broken clip to hold the legs .... I had to use a knife to shave the plastic on the legs to get it to slide to lick into place .... not to happy	1
While it was satisfying to learn more about the sister Mary, this story was told more than shown, and as a result, not as vivid an experience as previous novels in the series.	2
Didn’t like all the designs and did not stick as well as other types	2
I'm sorry but these are just nasty. Wore them once for half a day - they pick up every bit of lint like a magnet. They are supposed to be antimicrobial but this morning I had to go on a search for the strange odor in my house. Turned out to be these little beasts. And, no, it was not my feet, for those of you who might be wondering - LOL. I had to put them in a zip lock bag to eliminate the plastic/silicon odor. As far as being effective as heel cushions they are just fine - maybe I got a bad pair, but these puppies are going back.	1
This flashlight is awesome. It takes a bit to find the settings but all in all the flashlight and lantern work great. I needed something to walk my dog at night. People drive like idiots at night, now my flashlight warns them to slow down.	2
yuck. polyester. do not buy these!	1
I purchased this particular pair because of the cute color...BUT the color is only vibrant at the foot, where it never shows. Where the fabric gets stretched at the calf, the white shows through, causing the color to appear much lighter. Made me sad. Compression is also not what I expected. More like just a tight sock, not compression.	1
Bought this in February and two weeks after we got it had to get a replacement as blades broke. Well got the replacement and today the blade broke again.	1
These glasses look so good on my husband and are comfortable. He uses them for fishing because they are polarized and truly works to see through water when fishing..or a great tool for it I mean. They fit right upon his nose comfortable without marks and around his face well. The colors stand out and make him stand out also	2
the latter and size is perfect. took a couple stars off cuz the elastic is hard to life up on the inside and there were A LOT of loose threads hanging off-season inside and out. I'm keeping cuz it's functional but it should be put together slightly better for the price	2
The glue was dried up, being that it was a very important product needed, it made it difficult to use, I had to compromise with eyelash glue from false lashes.	2
This mattress pad is perfect slept comfortably all night.	2
The thought that using the size charts and selecting my size using the chart given, is frustrating. I did the thing and still got an item that was still a bit too large. The hat wasn't that expensive so it'll do.	1
This sheets were very soft after I washed them however i noticed yellow stains on them -never used before washing them- and now there is a run about 2 1/2 feet long where many strings look like the pulled. Will be a huge hole before long I imagine and I have never even slept on them.	1
Working well on my arthritic left knee !	2
Great! Works as stated.	2
Didnt fit. Material felt cheap.	1
This one is an excellent foot mask. I love using it. The effect is seen immediately, the skin after using it is so soft as baby's one. It moisturizes really well. Sooo good. Love it.	2
Great storage place for hats.	2
I purchased specifically to put down roofing felt. It made the job so much easier. It jammed only a few times but I don't know if that was mechanical failure, the quality of the staples used, or just operator error. It holds about two lines of staples so reloading wasn't too much of an inconvenience when you are working alone but it was a small roof.	2
Just got these today. Will try to keep using for the whole bottle and will update! I have perfect 20/20 vision, got tested recently. If anything damages my vision while using this, I will post.	2
Much better than the original ones.	2
Beautiful for decor... a little small and not to strong for the price.	2
Pretty dam good headset, has comfortable shape for prolonged use as well as well as bright lighting that makes gameing easier to use, it is a tad larger than you would expect from the pictures but it also means large ears cups for a roomy fit on the ears. Works fine for pubg and mic is clear and easily adjusted as it is on a flexible boom. Can be used as a mic for my phone too.	2
Sole is separating from the upper after 2 weeks, Trying to hold it together with superglue. Poor quality.	1
Like this shaker bottle, durable and well made.	2
Had high hopes but it doesn’t work using ARC with my Samsung TV. I have to send it back and look for something else. Shame.	1
The sizes of these are perfect. I just recently got a power bank charger for my iPhone and while it was nice it didn't come with an extra charger. This works great bc the small corded ones aren't leaving me with a tangled up mess like it would if I just used my regular iPhone charger. I have not had any issues with any of the cables at least at this point not charging my phone. Overall I would totally buy this again as it works for what I need it for!	2
I got a lemon. 3-4 months and 2 ruined batteries before I realized it was a defective phone. Still trying to get new replacement.	2
It's great and I love it I just wish that to the markers didn't come with the caps off so that they were dry and don't work	2
Fits perfect. Only problem is if you have a Convertible Wireless Charger, it will not charge is landscape mode. Only laying flat, but it is easy to take off for charging G	2
Works better than the ones that came with the unit	2
Not bad for the price. Sound is clear and good bass. Battery kinda sucks but look at the size of it	2
Cut off leg circulation like no other. Went back to the Nike dri-fit cushions.	1
Very nice backdrop Delivered quickly Very satisfied	2
This is very convenient and portable. Can be charged anytime	2
This stand is great! Its build quality is excellent, it feels very sturdy. I plan on using it to perform live music and I plan on placing my laptop on it and I completely trust that my equipment will be safe using this stand on stage. Im very happy I chose this product.	2
they came in an amazon package, when I opened it, the candles came out and 2 were broken, the bag they came in, was even ripped.. not cool	1
Product showed being delivered in a box and when I purchased this I was under the impression that the earrings were with it bc that's how prime showed the deal (earrings included) the Sterling silver chain is nice but I'm not even sure the two charms on it are silver and now afraid of showering with necklace on	2
Not as good as I thought it would be	1
Fits great and easy application, I'll be getting more in the future for sure and telling my friends about it	2
It was perfect for what I was planning. Correct size, heavy plastic, cute face and body. Only thing I could improve would be glass eyes.	2
The baiting situation is clumsy for chipmunks, the most effective bait is bird seed and this trap is not set up for floor triggering	1
You can find it cheaper on other websites. But it is very comfy and I like its cushions and color.	2
This story doesn't flow well. As an adult I found it hard to follow or stay interested so I'm sure children will have trouble staying focused. On a positive note, it is a very colorful book.	1
I haven’t even tried it yet. It is very rigid, so it is difficult to gather around the neck. I pricked my fingertips on the sharp rigid Velcro. I plan to launder it to see if that softens it enough to use with a cat. Right now I can’t get it to gather without cutting/stabbing my fingers on the Velcro and putting effort into it. I can’t imagine trying to secure it around a struggling Cat’s neck.	2
Blades are terrible- you need to change after using on just one belt!	1
they are good size and pretty sturdy, unless they are used for over heavy things. easy to pick up and move or load not bad for the price Thank you for that deal.	2
The cables worked for the first few weeks, but they fray easily and stopped working shortly after.	1
The blender is powerful and love the functions.	2
You get what you pay for: low quality parts that ship directly from China. One was broken in transit, two upon install, and one wouldn't thread onto stem.	1
second one, great boat for the $$$$$'s	2
OK, so I had high hopes for this; but two of them keep turning on during the day all by themselves. It's nerve racking as the lights are really bright. I wrote the company and have no heard from them, so back they go!	1
Overall I like the phone very much. If the battery life was as good as on my Lumia 650, I would have given it 5 stars. I have actually considered buying a new battery to see if that helps. If nothing else, it would give me a spare battery in case mine dies while I'm on the go. My wife and I were recently on a trip in Mew York City and I had to stop taking pictures half way through the day because my battery was dying and I had no way to charge it on the go. It is now March 1st and I have replaced the battery. Now the phone works great and the battery life is very good. HOWEVER! I just received an email from the seller saying that there's a recall on this phone because of a faulty battery. It swells and in some cases has exploded. Has anyone else received this email?? I am not returning my phone since I already replaced my battery. I'm trying to examine the validity of the email.	2
Loved it... but it’s not waterproof... used it in the shower and it stopped working.	2
Keeps rolling and leaving my door stuck!	1
Product picture on the blue with gold splattering is 100% inaccurate. The whole case looks faded or like the printer was running out of ink while printing. I have searched for a place to contact the company without any luck. I'm completely disappointed in this case. The protection of the phone is great, it just doesn't look at all like the picture.	1
It is a pretty doll house, but I don't expect it to last long. Materials are cheap. There is no support for the outside corner of the second floor where the elevator goes up and down. The furniture, other than the bed, does not fit barbie dolls. If I had bought it local, I would return it. It is too much of a hassle trying to ship something so big back. Lesson learned.	1
Product will not connect to my network. Network shows up full strength but will not connect. Beings that 95% of our tv viewing is streamed, this is now useless to me.	1
Love the pocket but even small size is still little bite too big for me, should have a XS small for waist line 28	2
It doesn't charge at the same rate as the original charger and it sometimes heats up. The watch also says to use the original charger while charging. But it is a good second charger in my opinion just to get some quick refills to get you through the while	2
Came without USB cord, will be returning.	1
It seems this bag's dimensions are a bit polarizing. Here's my take, if you want a weekend getaway kind of bag, this is not the bag for you. Although it's duffle bag in appearance, that's not it's function. I got this bag to keep in my car to hold emergency supplies. So it has a flashlight, Gerber multi-tool, some paracord, small crank weather radio, bandage sheers, quick clot, gauze wrap, little packets of antiseptic and such, emergency blanket 2-pack, disposable poncho, and an extra pair of socks. It holds all of this and could still pack more in. It's not going to save me from every eventuality but it's a little something that could help me out in the case of an accident and it has straps that function either as a shoulder bag or a fanny pack so I can take it on the go if I had to walk a ways for help. In this capacity, this bag is a very worthwhile purchase. The reason it got 4 stars instead of 5: the zippers. Right now, brand new out of the packaging, the zippers are super stiff. I'm sure that with use they will loosen up and get easier but I don't know that for a fact. I've also seen other reviews that said their zippers broke easily. I could see that being the case with continuous use, but in the capacity of a bag in the trunk to use in an emergency and not for every day wear this bag will do just fine.	2
Much smaller than anticipated, the picture looks like it’s a man’s bracelet when in reality it’s more for a woman. The clasp is impossible to use one handed making it impossible to put on alone, must have help. I will be returning and not recommending this to anyone.	1
Size says 8 - 10 size... I'm a 9 and my heel is right at the end	2
Love these bags! They’re perfect for packaging my soaps to sell in my shop, and I love that they’re eco-friendly.	2
I love the case the only thing I don't like is how the easy the cap falls off. I lost the cap the second day I had this and when you're writing there's no where to store it which makes it easy to lose. The grip is great, it makes writing so much easier, but losing the cap really makes this product just "ok"	2
I like this case. It doesn’t slide all around or out of my pocket. Buttons and touch screen are very responsive. Case fits very snug and actually was hard to get back off but I guess that’s what makes it water proof tight. (Eventhough I haven’t water tested it yet) I would rather the wrist strap to be on the bottom so I can secure the phone and text at the same time but it’s workable. Also if you are using a non apple charger it will be difficult to charge. My charger was too chunky so I had to go back to my slim apple charger .... again workable.	2
This is an interesting story about greed, deception and murder. The plot is well done. The characters are interesting and believable. The ending is well done.	2
Way too big, I got a medium which is usually fine but it hangs off of me. I'm only wearing it around the house since it looks like a nightgown. Super comfortable though.	2
One of the chargers broke at the tip as soon as we opened it. Don’t have time to send back. Just taking the loss.	2
Fits and works great	2
It does look like the picture but it isn't great quality, construction paper and glitter letters. You also have to string it yourself. I probably should have made it myself.	2
Ordered this bike put it together and found that the front tire rim was bent. Sent it back and Amazon had the replacement bike to me within a day of my return! Just finished putting the second/replacement bike together and this one also has the same issue. I’m so very disappointed. I love the look of the bike but I cannot ride a bike with a bent wheel. This one is getting returned and this time I’m just getting a refund cause it’s a waste of time and money at this point.	1
So when I got this I was super excited to get put up and see how great it worked. The adhesive is amazing works great so far. It's easy to use for my kids. I noticed that the right side where I have the kids toothpaste comes out perfect not too much. But on the left side where I have our toothpaste it comes out way too much and if I try not to put as much on it dripped all in the side and made a mess. Overall I would be super ecstatic if they both worked the same as where I have the kids toothpaste.	2
Works good. To expensive	2
The tiniest amount leaves my hair stringy and oily.	1
Worked perfectly. Needed this for when I am working from home.This item works great!	2
This razor works great. It is way better than the one I was using. Very easy to use and clean.	2
When i ordered this item i was expecting to receive 5 little boxes as pictured... Nope one little box! Not worth the price!!!	1
Loved the material. Is just a little too small.	2
works good, sometimes loses connection with Alexa but it may be the Alexa not the speaker	2
I was excited to get this for my 4 year old daughter. She explicitly asked for glow in the dark slime. The consistency was good upon mixing but we were both VERY disappointed to see it did not glow at all. We even let it sit for 30 mins instead of 10 to ensure to get the best outcome, but it didn't work.	1
Poor quality nails, but you get a lot of them. Let the kids use them	1
I had to return this because it didn't fit correctly. Had to use with the extender ring which I don't have because my original dome was taller than this one.	1
Already know that this will turn out amazing. Love how the delivery person put it in a place where it wouldn't get wet as well :)	2
I rated this a 4 because it may well work, preparing it was the mess. The mixture of 2 parts water and 1 part powder was no where near a paste. It was a thin soup with a big clump of crystallized powder. So now I have a bowl full of yellow water with a bunch of crushed sand with oil floating on top. My only hope is that the coconut oil hardens enough to be able to mix it into a thick soup. I'm hoping someone has a better recipe and better way of mixing this stuff other than trying to put it in water. Any suggestions are welcomed.	2
The sound is great, but the remote doesn’t work at all! The off button turns the sound up, the volume down button will either turn the sound up or turn the sound bar off! It is so frusterating	2
Great light for being so small. Only issue it is weak and wobbly. But the stand for desk is fine.	2
I am frustrated. My book was NOT delivered this evening even though the post office said it was. What am I supposed to do now? Amazon doesn't help on that part of it. I want a refund or another book.	1
We use this chair to take pictures	2
Wrong Item Pomegranate Rooibos was ordered still have item	1
These bags are good if you want to use space savers for you house... they are way too big for suit case and traveling. I order medium and smalls... the mediums are way too big the smalls are too big for carry ons. they would work for check in bags..... there needs to be smaller size ....	1
First, mob was involved. So over them. There were errors. The characters were wishy washy (at least to me). Just over it.	1
They are very comfortable.	2
Very happy with these. Super bright and good looking - sort of like myself. :)	2
Nice mattress pad, but doesn't have the cooling properties it advertises.	2
The lace had already been cut. The hair did not feel like Italian Yaki. The hair was already dyed. Plus the packaging was wrong!	1
My Take: very good game that could have been great. The Bad: the auto Aiming is terrible. The charecters and the story could have been developed much more. The Good: Amazing graphics for a ps3 game. Smooth action, great sound affects.	2
I'm disappointed that the box was crushed and looked like it had been that way for a long time, as this was meant to be a gift. It still looked okay, and all the products were fine, so I'm overall happy with my purchase. The test sizes look big enough to try multiple times, while the balm and tins all look normal-sized to what you'd find in the grocery line. Good value, cute gift, bad packaging.	2
None of the cartridges worked appears they were all dead	1
did not last 2 months, before it broke	1
Wasn’t as I thought it would be so I returned it	1
A 20 mph wind gust caused this "windproof" umbrella to snap a support joint, cause a tine to disconnect from the edge, and rip the stitching on 3 more....and then invert like a movie prop. I will give it points for being huge! 2 people can easily use it, as long as it is not windy outside.	1
Did not work and could not return product for a refund. Buyer Beware.	1
Bought these shoes for my dads birthday, just arrived today and we noticed they are different sizes.. other then that my dad likes them	2
Great quality! Will buy more	2
The shirt fits fine and is comfortable to wear. The only problem is that the shirt is a much darker blue than the photograph showed. I almost chose to return this and reorder a different color.	2
Didn't really like the color. Nothing like the picture	1
I would not buy this product again.	1
too small, more like a small, not medium	2
I'm a BB man. I love the keyboard on my phone. The only thing missing is the track ball/phone mouse and BB button. I'm so use to using like a right click mouse. Having the Andriod OS is a huge plus.. Long lasting battery. It was also easy to restore everything from my old BES 10 device.	2
Looked nice, but returned because of odd design. The ring should have been mounted out from the base so that the Towel doesn't hang against the Wall.	2
it wasn't as big as it looks.	2
The top seals are not puffed, makes me think they are not as fresh as they could have been.	2
As soon as I saw this, I thought that my 18 month old granddaughter would love it. She loves stuffed animals and these are just her size. I would have given this toy 5 stars but each animal makes a sound... except for the elephant. All the other animals have a little noise maker inside that works when you push the animals tummy but the elephant isn't working. Other than that, this toy is adorable and I think my granddaughter will love it.	2
Packaging was horrible. The plastic and cardboard were all dinged and ripped and the plastic wasn’t even attached to the cardboard. My niece was interested in the doll, but it looked like it fell off the back of a truck and was run over. The other doll I ordered arrived the same way.	2
Great scent and cleans well, but the soap is thin and takes more to clean.	2
After using this replacement brush, I prefer to purchase the actual sonic care brand. The brush does not fit in the travel case provided with the toothbrush, and they seem to get loose easily from the handle.	2
Works as described. Easy set up too for wifi strength extension.	2
How do you keep the glass ball from rolling off? The lights work as advertised but I thought there would be a recess or small clear ring to keep the glass ball in place. I would give it a higher rating if it had this feature.	1
Horrible flavor, very hard, very salty. Will be purchasing again.	1
Doesn't really give me the feeling of conditioning that I've had from other similar products.	2
xx-large is really just large	1
Easy installation, perfect fit, quick delivery and it works fine so far..	2
A good little read that provides an interesting alien/human interaction that leads to love and a puzzle that has to be solved.	2
This is a very good, basic laser printer. It is quiet and fast.	2
After I covered this screen.. I need to touch hard....	2
Good quality, but I suggest you order one size larger than usual	2
Harness is easy to put on. Is very soft. Easy to control dog with the harness and no longer do they get choked with a regular collar.	2
Perfect size for my Lovebird, Went together easily. Would have preferred the doors that opened in and out - Will be buying the smaller cage for my Parrotlet. Love not having seed mess on the floor. Customer service is excellent - had a crack in the debris shield and replacement was sent immediately.	2
Hate that it completely relies on my phone. Can't even change the time or date on the watch alone. Other than that, it beats paying 200 for name brand watch.	2
I like that it has a hole puncher attachment	2
My toy poodle had severe cracks & dry skin on her nose. Nothing I tried worked. The lotions & creams I had were not safe for consumption & she always licks her nose. It is such a relief to find an ointment that will not harm her if she ingests it! I ordered this product - applied twice a day & in just 5 days her nose is baby soft. The cracks are gone. I am so relieved. I love this product. I will continue to apply every day just to be on the safe side!	2
The larger size is a bit blurry. It's okay but would probably would not purchase again.	2
This wasn’t going to work for what I needed. Part of the weaving was even coming undone. Didn’t even open the second one. Both returned with shipping deductions. Would not order again.	1
If it is made in China it is not going to fit properly	1
This wig started out beautifully. Then it started shedding three days later. After shampooing and conditioning according to the instructions it became a stiff mess .The curls were no longer bouncy. It is dull, stiff and lifeless. I have lace front wigs I paid less money for that are still beautiful after 6 months and several shampoos. I am so disappointed with this purchase! I will never purchase another wig from Amazon!	1
As described, short life span and seemed smaller when used.	2
Definitely not OEM, hose is very flimsy and leaked where it connected to fuel shut off petcock. Honda clamp and even aftermarket clamp would not prevent it from leaking. Oh well time to order an OEM one.	1
Identical to the Duco's	2
Ordered a telescope and after I ordered it the picture changed and so did the product didn't not receive the telescope i first ordered. The first one I ordered had a nice box for the case and this telescope is more like a magnifier then a telescope you cant see anything in the distance	1
Cheap quality mine arrived broken. 2 stars only because I received a refund. The pot felt cheaply made.	1
I obtained this free e-book from Amazon and I am voluntarily writing a review. I did not like either one of the main characters in this book due to their immaturity, temper tantrums , insecurities, and manipulative behaviors which made this book way too long.	1
Great wallet. Have been using it for almost 3 years now and there is only a little tearing on one of the liners.	2
Very comfortable, looks nice, and is true to size. The material is a cheap silky nylon. I thought it would be more cotton like ...but I still like it.	2
Perfect size. Easy to use. Inexpensive!	2
The USB charger is very easy to install, looks good after installation. Docked two stars however. One star for cable is too short to reach anything near battery or the battery tender. I used a spare SAE quick connector to connect to battery terminal. Second star for the housing quick release would not stay in place, glued it.	2
I did not know this at the time of purchase	1
The app used to work. Doesn't any more. Devices is just about useless now. Sucks.	1
Looks nice. Floor lamp is too short. I am looking for someone to buy these from me. I waited too long to return. 😔	2
Good price and great fuel	2
These knives are the perfect size, but they are only sharp on one side. They’re too dull to cut anything other than strawberries and bananas.	1
Love this toy box, was hoping it would be bigger	2
Order was damaged and never got to m e.g. but I also did not get a credit	1
They come with sharp ends on them, so I nipped them off with nail clippers before I gave them to my cat. She picks things up in her mouth and I didn't want her getting cut. I don't feel like pulling the furniture out, so I'm ordering more. ;) They keep her busy for a long time, so they're worth it. Also a plus, stepping on them doesn't do anything to you or the spring.	2
The pieces that came don't fit together. Screws do not fit in holes.	1
Steaming shelf and even main lid do not fit very well. Recommended usage cup does not cook eggs to desired cooking level (double the water). I use a shot glass to measure instead.	1
These are night lights, not very powerful. Do not get if you are looking for a significant light source.	1
This book was a fast paced, fun filled read from beginning to end! I dare you not to fall in love with Payton and Vince! An entertaining and well written storyline, quirky inner dialogue, hilarious banter and endearing characters make this one of my favorite reads from this author. Everyone needs some Payton in their life!	2
Haven't used them much yet, but so far I like them. As others have noted, the closer is difficult to manipulate, but to me that's a good thing. It means they are more likely to be watertight. I'm sure they will ease up slightly as I use them more. One thing I like about them is, b/c they are silicone, I can use them like a "boil-in-bag" for camping meals, or even to use the same way at my office for lunch. Good purchase!	2
Did not fit as expected	2
Good comfortable replacements, but I find that they turn green from mildew quite quickly.	2
Never received this band	1
Remote power and mode doesn't work. Sound is ok. Wish company would send new remote.	2
The cable is extremely stout, it is braided so as to resist snags or crimps (to a degree) and the tips are extremely strong and well made. I like the velcro strap as well and appreciate that for storage. It is a little pricey for a USB cable but it's definitely worth it so I'm not dealing with a broken cable when I least suspect it.	2
My Amazon account was hacked by someone who was paid to falsely endorse this item. I woke up to 10 emails from Amazon thanking me for my review on the sameness product- this one. That means the sellers of this product paid people to hack into my account, purchase this item 10 times, all so they could write 10 positive reviews about it. That should tell you that this product is crap right there. So, I replaced all 10 reviews with this one. Clearly, this is an inferior product.	1
You get what you pay for. Plug will not stay in, prongs to small. Cord was frayed. Not safe to use.	1
Worked awesome the first year of purchasing, now after a year my charging port is malfunctioning causing overheating, lock ups and sometimes it will only partially charge or won't charge at all.	2
When I received it, just looking at it I thought I might return it. Reason - on my first few tries , the grips on my nose started hurting and that concerned me. Primary reason for me buying this was the fact that I needed it for a cycling event. Decided to give it one more try and boy I was glad I did not return. Did a 62 mile bicycle ride in rainy and windy conditions. These hold good on the eyes, no moisture accumulation and not once they fell off or were loose. What I like the most was the extra rubber on the top of the frame which prevented wind and water from seeping through the top of the sunglasses. Worth the buy	2
I am very partial to these backs. They fit snuggly on the posts and keep the earring back from stabbing my neck.	2
This works great! I'm so pleased with it that I'm ordering another one for the upstairs.	2
I like it. Does the job as advertised.	2
I have buy so much product here that i feel like a family store have never had any problem or every time is on time like they promise me very convinience for me is buy ahead of time and get free shipping	2
This product was supposed to be heavy duty. It is not. After spatchcocking one turkey the spring does not work.	1
dropped my phone it still broke the screen underneath.	1
I thought this looked like a very innovative replacement for my toilet. However, once received and going over the instructions several times, I found that the attachment sleeve to the product did not have enough room between the fixed vertical filler tube and the back of the reservoir. Therefore, this was worthless. As all designs of toilet reservoirs are different, note that my toilet was made by Western. As for the return, Amazon wanted $6 back for the return of an $11 product. Not please about that at all. I'll keep it for someone who may be able to use it in the future. Not happy with you, Amazon.	1
I like this book so easy to read and lots of fun. My Grandson loves them!!	2
Way to small for my 16 pound dog . I ordered a medium and it wasn’t even close	1
The other accessories are fine except for the actual cup it’s way more yellow than gold then it is in the photo. Pissed me off considering I paid extra for shipping and was really excited for them. Now I have to go buy other ones	1
It doesn't ever really dry and easily comes off the board	1
So there are some positive and negatives about these. The negatives are there not true to sizing, I chose an extra large to fit in my medium frame. Also they tend to bunch behind the knee cutting off the circulation when you travel. But I think the worst part is that the graduated compression starts at the foot and goes all the way up to the side but when it comes to the abdomen it's loose. The good news is, you are getting pretty good quality for the money. They seem to be fingernail resistant as I have had them on and off probably 20 times since lipo. I've accidentally washed and dried them in the machine as they got mixed in with my other clothes and they came out just fine. Once you get them on and get them adjusted completely they're very comfortable there like Second Skin.	2
looks great. Fits fine. Makes a colicky noise but seems secure.	2
The photo advertised in Amazon is NOT the plant sent. I trusted the seller putting an accurate name on the image posted. I went with the image and got a plant that did not look like image on Amazon. It may well be a Robusta, but the image posted was not a Robusta. Not happy.	2
two of the three are not lighting up anymore.	2
Not what I expected it to be. Yhe colors are bold but it's all glitter	2
Some hacking on these can be dangerous for children.	2
Small, but small and short when unfolded as well. Tends to get loose and needs retightening. Not bad for the price I guess.	2
Loved the idea of the product, cheap material, doesn’t last long, ruined within a week	2
Work phenomenally. I live in NYC and use these in winter because they salt the sidewalks so much it will hurt their paws. Probably have worn them 6 times thus far. Just took her out in about 6 feet of snow to the dog park and they stayed on the whole time without needing adjustment. Felt her feet after I took them off and they were dry! Only a little cold. Very happy. The set fits great on her front paws but a little big on the back. She doesn’t seem to mind it. Great investment.	2
Good fit, but I needed something more sturdy and thinker	2
Works like I'd expect. The rubber is solid yet flexible and seems high quality.	2
Enjoying the time I'm spending playing this game.	2
Perfect!!! Fast shipping!! Great price!! Thank you!!	2
So cute in my daughter room	2
I received a dripping wet envelope with one bottle empty and the other bottle was half empty. Tried to click on refund/return and it said this item was not eligible. Hope I get my money back.	1
They actually look really good I love the dramatic look if you do too then these lashes are for you period.	2
Shoes are snug and Velcro strap too short/	2
Ok but did not stick on corners long	2
Great product TINY SIZE. If you didnt notice like me you will get ripped off, like me. I wasnt surprised when i saw that it was non-returnable after the fact. The product itself is great.	1
Excellent concept, plenty of room and the multi tool bonus. If it only opened on one side would have been outstanding.	2
Beautiful, good quality	2
Love the fan. I used it at my desk at work and work fantastic, perfect size Product came fast.	2
Good product, easy to assembly and function great with good power and revolutions.	2
Kept it but wasn’t impressed very cheaply made	1
I found the large one bulky and awkward to handle (in pictures), however the smaller one I became a pro at. If I ordered another one I would only get the smaller size.	2
This umbrella is horrible. The plastic is so cheap. It ripped as soon as my 2.5yo opened it. The piece that wraps around the folded umbrella tore off and left a large hole. The ends came off the skeleton when I opened it. This was an Easter gift, and now it's going back. Buyer beware, it's not nylon, its plastic. It feels like a garbage bag.	1
Everything seems fine with this mask, until you actually start to breath. You can feel the air escaping on your eye lashes. What's worse is if you use glasses (safety, prescription, sunglasses), they will fog up immediately. I tried adjusting them every way possible. I used them with and without the foam nose bridge seal. I made sure the exhaust valve is working properly. I tried various shapes for the bendable metal nose piece. I made the straps even, bottom tighter, top tighter. ... All to no avail. It must just be the shape of my face. It's too bad. I do a lot of shop work and was looking for something less bulky than my usual mask. But since I use safety glasses, this mask is a non-starter.	1
This fits but the plastic is thinner than OEM. Feels cheap compared to the original. Hope it can take rock chips without cracking. Doesn’t come with metal clips like the OEM insert.	2
Expiration date is February 2017! Says I cannot return it. Wish I could and have it replaced. Very dissatisfied...	1
This stuff works, well. It may require more application if you're busy for very long, but a little goes a long way. Water based and safe for use on silicone.	2
It did't fit my cupboard doors. It was the exact width of the door but I couldn't close the door as it hit the side and left the door a gap open :(	2
Poor design makes it drip every time we pour from it. We had a nearly identical Le Creuset kettle for years but it had a removable top for the spout - a vastly superior design. This one with the attached / hinged top on the spout results in dripping badly whenever water is poured. Its not just a couple of small drops - is usually a small puddle - what a mess...	1
The details are amazing!	2
These were awful for the camera on the SL2. It made the picture blurry and cut it off on the edges. I was not pleased with the effects in the slightest.	1
It distorts every other radio station while plugged in. Otherwise it works as described. Update. Customer service is pretty awesome. After 3 star review I was contacted with a recommendation for support and the option of replacement or refund. I just haven't had time.	2
I have 8 ½ - 9 size feet. These don't stay on. A waster of money...	1
Very durable and comfort band. I like how it looks.	2
Didn't peel anything off my skin	1
I used to cover a threaded rod that was mounted to support a printer. But I banged my hand into it's sharp threads many times. This stuff was layered on thick over the two thread rods and my hands no longer got cut when I bumped into these supports. I also used it on the outside of a clothes washer drain hose that was leaking (applied when dry). It stopped the hose from leaking waste water onto my floor. I tried to use it to dip and coat tool handles to make grips more comfortable. But that failed badly. Couldn't get it to stick to the shiny metal handle surfaces. It does go on kind of runny and needs to be put on items thickly to seal them. That was sometimes a challenge. Is very messy and pretty much ruins any cloth you get it on. So wear old throw away clothes when applying. I also found that if I 3D printed some of my parts or figurines with a coarse or scratched up surface this would cover and stick to them as an outer coating. It wouldn't do to use it with anything with features as it would cover them up. But I was able to coat a few figurines with it and it gave them a very cool rubbery feel. I might order more but not sure when I will need it next.	2
The beads are starting to fall off and the back of the lanyard is separating. It looks nice at first, but the product does not last for every day use.	1
These filters will give you superb coffee every time.	2
Arrived bent. I had to return it.	1
I thought this was a wooden frame based on the picture and the faint wood grain pattern on the egdes. The product discription has nothing listed for the material type (see picture included). Arrived with sticky substance on edges under the shrink wrap, though no price tags or stickers, so I dont know what the residue is from. Feels cheap and doesn't look good beside my existing wooden frames of similar style.	1
Had multiple problems taking readings after my Doctor recommend this model to me. Great price but learning curve took a while to figure out.	2
Only had it about a month and it's already sticking. I use this thing daily, but I expect more from a simple tool.	1
When I started using I noticed that it self inflated even with the valve closed. So I partially deflate to my like and then close the valve. Now it will no longer hold pressure. My wife has one also and it’s fine.	2
This is not the actual purple you get. This shows a dark almost lilac purple and the color i got is nothing like the picture. Very misleading. Bought this for my client, mother for a birthday present hope she's ok with it since it is not a ture purple like the picture is.	1
This battery has extended the life of my iphone. I was at the point where my phone had to basically live on a charger. However, I do not believe it holds a charge as long as the original factory battery did when it was new. Also, this battery seems to get HOT when the phone is in use. If I play an app on my phone for a while and place the phone in my pocket (there is no protective case on my phone) afterwards, I can feel the heat on my leg. It's borderline between very warm and mildly hot.	2
Not exactly as pictured. I thought it would go back toward the neck more.	2
To many dishes with things I can't find in regular store	1
This cleanser is very thick so there’s no need to use more than a nickel to quarter sized amount. It lathers well and cleanses throughly without overdrying or irritating my acne prone skin. As for the smell, it is quite noticeable due to cactus but I enjoy it. I only gave 4/5 stars because it is not my absolute favorite Pacifica face wash but I do really like it.	2
I really like this quilt! It is lightweight and the print was very pretty.	2
These are pretty good. Was expecting something to go wrong but for my first pair of true wireless earbuds I'm pretty impressed. They aren't really bassy but they do sound good. The manual says that if I double press the left earbud it'll activate google assistant and if I double press the right one it'll skip the next track but for some reason the controls are reversed on mine. Dont know if its happened to anyone else but it doesnt bother me as long as it works. Also a weird thing i noticed is that when I stand next to a microwave while its heating something up the sound will cut off but as soon as the microwave stops it won't cut off anymore haha. Either way these are pretty good :)	2
Looks great fits perfect	2
I am so impressed with the quality of these birds. So well-made and the birds are so well-crafted. Such great artistic quality to them - they look like they're in flight! I will be displaying them together with the tree of life and a couple of mockingbirds I also purchased from you. To me, these birds represent my beloved parents and father-in-law who have passed away a couple of years ago. It is my tribute to them. Thank you for making these beautiful products accessible to us!	2
Light weight and soft , perfect for summer	2
Holds a charge for a long time, functions well. Cant beat the price and quality.	2
I love this bathing suit! Only issue is that the bottoms are somewhat sheer out of the water, but otherwise I like this!	2
Always the best product. This is my favorite flavor	2
Just received this item. While I liked the look of this throw and it's very soft, I washed/dried it according to the directions including putting the dryer on low heat, a large section of it was completely ruined. I'm returning it.	1
This is a book to jump into head first. A Chinese young man and Japanese young lady struggle to maintain a relationship regardless of culture differences, family issues, and war issues. If you can't handle the "herding" and relocating of American Japanese people, I would not read this book.. I found it very difficult to put down. It lingers on the heart days after reading. Loved it!	2
I like it! I am a 42D and usually wear a size 14. I read the reviews and got a size XXL. It fits me well while showing off my curves. Very flattering for a curvy figure. The fabric has some stretch to it, is thick but not coarse and does not wrinkle easily. Wish the sleeves were longer (under elbow) but it looked good. It is embroidered and the red looks expensive.	2
Product was as described but came late :/	1
The taste is not like the original one :(	1
This is an awesome idea and made my 11 year old so happy on a 9 hour trip. Very easy to install and versatile. She used it with her iPhone 7 and my iPad Pro both with cases on them. It was sturdy and secure.	2
I like everything about this backpack, as I purchased it to take with me on vacation to Jamaica. In short, this pack had plenty of space to store all of my accessories as I traveled the island. Additionally, the water cover came in handy when the rain came down. I also took the pack with me to a convention recently and it held up well. I recommend this product to anyone in need of something light, yet durable.	2
For awhile it was awesome. Sweet, salty, and couldn't put it down. I could gobble up a bag in one sitting. Light and satisfying. Prices is expensive, but was a guilty treat. The last 3 orders though, they must have changed the formula. Way less sweet and salty. The popcorn is still good, but not worth that much good. The hints are still there, but the mind numbing pleasure is gone... will not buy again. I thought maybe I got a bad batch. Nope. They changed it. I'm done.	1
weak pressure on covers	2
Arrived on time and safely packaged. This seems to work as I'd hoped. But will have to take for a while.	2
Product stopped working after 6 months Attempted to contact seller no response Bought a replacement it charges but does not stay clipped to vent	1
It was exactly what we wanted it to be. Fits perfect and very sturdy and durable. Great product for a great price!	2
It was ok. Kinda predictable. But I read it all the way through. It’s an easy read in a few afternoons.	1
This is a great unit for those late October early November soccer games. Really throws off heat and if you have batteries in for the powered fan it is even better. Everyone wants to be near the heater now. Love it.	2
Every so often it cuts out for 2-3 seconds, before beeping and reconnecting. This happened once or twice and hour when I first got the headset, but has since increased in frequency and now happens every 5 or so minutes. General consensus on help forums is that this is a driver problem, but not one that is easily fixed. This problem is not a big deal during gameplay, when you don't need to hear to know what's going on, but is very frustrating when it happens when you miss a chunk of conversation while chatting online. If you can sort this problem out, it's otherwise a pretty good headset. The ear covers are comfortable, the mic has decent pick up, without to much background noise and it's the Logitech management software is really convenient to use, especially if you're using any other Logitech products. Be careful with storage though, as the mic boom can break partially and you lose the ability to leave it raised (and mute it).	2
Very durable but can't hear well from it and it muffles the speaker.	2
This is a great tool the only thing I would change is more torque but I am very happy with the product and would recommend it	2
This is second pair the buds are great but charger base has gone out twice now	2
Basically it was good verses evil learning that devil can love too. This story has lot of mystery, excitement, action and romance	2
Poor fitting keeps falling off	1
Very cool dragon design. Fun to play with.	2
It’s perfect! I love the durability of Jansport. My little kinder girl is rough on her backpacks. I’m so glad to finally find a jansport with unicorns!	2
Absolutely love these cups. Hate the new version so I came to Amazon to buy an extra set. Leak proof, twist cap hides straw to avoid dirtying it.	2
Square trade is the most stupid company i have every purchased from. I bought square trade for issues like this. Installed the dash cam, 3 months later, the plastic tabs that are used to hold the camera to the existing rear view mirror snapped off. Square trade said, this is accidental damage and is not covered ... like WTF ???? Im sorry but its a part that is crucial to the operation and its not covered under a loop hole???? Going to contact amazon to get this sorted out.	1
This ball is way too big.	1
I love this cream but I think over price	2
These are nice color to the bags but I was a little disappointed simple because they were smaller thank I thought there were gonna be.	2
This is completely see through. One needs a camisole to wear this.	1
Didn't notice much of a difference	2
I enjoyed the modern, cheeky voice. I loved her being a feminist heroine, especially given that she lived in the 17th century. I enjoyed her antics as a sword-wielding opera singer. Her life was fantastic to say the least, at times so much I wondered how romanticized her life was in this book (or others, for that matter.) I do have to admit, however, that I probably would not have enjoyed reading as much as I did if this was based purely on a fictional character. Knowing that this was based on a real person drew me in. Many people commented on her writing style: 1st person vs. 3rd person, purple prose (wth?), fragments and lack of description. This is clearly a subjective, personal matter of taste. I enjoyed it.	2
Gets the job done but definitely looks cheap, and if its gets wet it’s ruined	2
I purchased the large in this dress because other reviews said they fit on the smaller side...which is accurate. It was super cute and comfortable. I even purchased the black in the same style, but that one was actually bigger, so I will be returning that one. The sizes aren't consistent, but I at least found one that worked.	2
Yes, it fits my 2013 RAV4. I have needed these.	2
Tape did not hold up , screen is to heavy for 3/4" tape with 1/2" velcro needed to tack up	1
Very loud...sounds like freight train going through your sewing room...	2
I gave this massager to my daughter as a Christmas gift, shes a cosmetologist and on her feet all day. She complained that it pinches her pinky toes, so I tried it. I have plantar fasciitis and heel spurs and massage my feet daily so I tried it out. I agree, this machine constricts so tight then the rollers pinch the pinky toes but only for a few seconds as its constantly changing movements. It hurts but it works. My feet feel better afterwards, just wish I could change the pinky toe tightness. It is a reflexology machine so I understand why there's pain.	2
My husband and I thought it was pretty good. The plot is a bit over the top but it is good enough to keep you on your toes. The acting is excellent. Woody Harrelson never ever disappoints. I recommend this movie to those who like westerns, which violence is a given, though it is just the right amount.	2
Fast delivery to Canada. Thanks	2
It was gone be for 70's party	1
Looked great at first but slowly started turning colors after 3-4 months of normal wear.	1
Really good for concerts! I used it for many events	2
Seal is not perfect and moisture proof. Stored some dry rice that ended up with small bugs in it.	1
They are maybe half as bright as regular bulbs. You will have to run the high beam setting to be anywhere near bright enough to ride safely at night. DO NOT INSTALL THESE IN YOUR RUCKUS.	1
These used to come in a nice case. No longer. First tome use and the stem broke off the ear piece.	1
This tastes like battery acid.	1
Didn't see or smell much of a change.	1
Nice quality, easy to intall and makes the room a little bit darker but I wouldn’t call these black out curtains.	2
Love the low profile and the hat fits PERFECTLY! Great to have a cap that looks and fits great without having to be a walking billboard.	2
The glue didn’t work very well, it came out within minutes after installation	1
The center hole is twice the size as my original, even though its supposedly designed for my exact fan model & size. I tried to contact the seller to see if they made another that has the proper size center hole. they never responded. ive had to MacGyver the center hole so the collected grease does not seep back down through that hole and drip all over anything and or anyone under the exhaust fan in the kitchen above the stove. I'll pay a bit more next time to get the proper one from a brick & mortar home depot or lowes, even if I have to order it from them and wait, at least it will fit as advertised, and if it doesnt, I can bring it back and make it right using actual customer service	1
This the cutest little bank ive ever had. The keys make me feel better about having money in there and its pretty safe keeping. It functions like an actual mail box which I was excited about and I love it	2
WE bought 2 The first stayed red and made a buzzing noise. Second one worked for a week and then we could not get it to work. was in process of returning them but the ended up in the trash by error but go figure	1
Fantastic sound quality but Left ear bud quit working after 6 month.	1
Very easy to set up. Instructions were great. Light weight. I only wish it had an alarm and not just vibrate.	2
Sound with music is fine phone calls don’t work	1
Ordered this twice this week both times when received there was only one in the package. NOTE: Not a two pack. Ripoff	1
The product was not compatible with multiple phone cases. It would lift up at the edge because it didn't fit within the parameters of the case	1
It seems to be helping my leg cramps & my blood pressure readings are lower too.	2
Very nicely done art work. But, card stock is extremely thin. I've used about 1/4 of the box. What's left continues to curl very badly.	1
Works well, just don’t drop it. I opened the box and one was already cracked open. Another one fell out the box and split in two.	1
They are water resistant only thing that it started to pull apart on the side.	2
Vibrant colors, great graphics. But not durable. Made of paper that is very lightly coated. So not able to use again. Rips easily.	2
The picture is not what you get. That’s not right. The actual item is smaller and less adjustable. I made it work but feel slightly cheated. Still a solid product and just as functional.	2
I need to return the product it is broken water ua coming out. I only used it for two months	1
Bought this SOLELY for LS manifold bolts. 8mm bolt. 8mm tool doesnt grab. Use the Mac version. Works. Get what you pay for. Simple as that	1
Item does not look like discribed on website.	2
These were very nice but very large, only fit on the very very top. I returned mine but would have loved it if they were much skinnier	2
Product is great however it’s made in an arc shape. For my 2018 300 shifter the surface is flat. I had to push the middle hard to have it flushed but not all the way. I am afraid it will gather dirt overtime.	2
Different sizes meet different needs. I can even use one to grease an intricate cake pan.	2
Arrived fast and is of good quality	2
Unfortunately, the string would get stuck and stop working after a few minutes. And then my cat would completely lose interest :(	1
I was so glad this shirt fit right! I got an XL and it fits perfect! It’s not heavy and the sleeves are comfy it’s perfect for fall weather when it’s just cool enough for a light long sleeve. I will probably be ordering more as it gets colder here!	2
This hose is not what I was looking for. The hose is super long and super thin. It doesn’t produce the water output or pressure that I wanted. I give 2 stars for the fact that it doesn’t leak and it does kinda work as a water hose.	1
Well the keyborad protector is great, but when I try to close my macbook it leave a gap between. It doesn’t close all the way. Everything else was great. Loved the traveling case and the case itself.	2
It came filled of pet hair and dirt and I had to throw it away being my kids are highly allergic. It smelled and was gross.	1
I really love this band, except the metal piece that rests against your wrist started to rust after the first time I wore it to the gym and sweated. I used clear nail polish to seal it and it is fine now. But that would be my only complaint. I did not know it was glow in the dark so that was an added bonus.	1
Picture shows 2-Pack but description says "cable" and not "cables". This is the same price as an Amazon Basics cable which to me looks to be of better quality. If this was a 2-pack its a good deal. Otherwise, go for the Amazon cable unless you really want an orange cable.	1
My cat LOVES this! I like that it has three sides, and in theory will last longer than others.	2
Nice bed, seems put together well but the colors aren’t true to the listing. Maybe it’s my device but the gray looked more tan or at least lighter and it’s definitely gray. The blue inside the bed is pretty accurate and the trim is black. I’m keeping the bed even though it’s not exactly what I’d hoped for. Rudy likes it and the gray will still work for our decor.	2
not a very clear image	2
This series of stories was somewhat difficult for me to read. I don't think I ever figured out what was happening or where the story line was going. The characters did not seem to click with me and I never did get comfortable with them. I'll probably not read any more of these books.	2
The smell is horrendous... you’re room will end up smelling like a men’s urinal! The product worked at getting the pee up and removing the stain but I can’t get past the smell.	1
Just started taking our supplements today but we've heard great things. In a couple weeks I'll come back and edit my review and let you know how they are.	2
My kids use these. They find that setting the alarm accurately is difficult--you kind of have to assume a 15-minute window around where you think you have set it.	2
Too big for new born but good material	2
Bought as a gift for a friend and she loves it, great quality!!!!	2
Super easy to activate online. Over the phone customer service took forever to pick up! Got the number activated and working in about 5 minutes online way before getting any help over the phone.	2
I really love the way it feels on the hair. It smells nice too.	2
All the flavors nobody wants! All in one bag!!	1
Not that it was really difficult but it was a little confusing to me how everything went together. Your experience may be different. Once they were attached they did take a bit for them to be discovered by my wahoo element but once they were linked they reliably showed up pretty quickly once I started my ride. Another sensor I had would not be linked until a good while into a ride sometimes never. My 4 star rating is because the speed sensor mount does cause me some concern. I guess they went for easy to take on and off, but it looks like the way it is attached is too easy to come off. That remains to be seen but I will say that the sensor seems to record speed reliably even though it is not on my hub very tightly. I used the two sided tape to mount the sensor on my crank arm but think that was a mistake because when the time comes to change the battery and I have no idea how long that will be, I think it will not be simple because of using the tape. My mistake. But the biggest thing to me is that they work pretty much right from the start as opposed to my previous sensors where I did not have that same experience.	2
If you want to give this as an indoor toy for your dog, forget it. I had it for one day and had to throw it away already. I found in my house little pieces of plastic of the bone everywhere. So first of all, it’s not good because the dog can swallow these little pieces. And second, it’s super messy. Too bad.	1
After about 15 different attempts the Kinect kept disconnecting in the middle of songs. Not worth it. It disconnected at least 5 times in 1 song. If your going to buy one get the authentic one. Not worth it (As I watch it disconnect yet again).	1
Smaller than typical airline carry on. I'm sure if I had bothered to measure I would have known this. Just a caveat for those who are purchasing it for airline use. One change of clothes a few personal items is about it.	2
My dog loves the chew bone. She prefers the corn starch refills, but unable to find them anywhere.	2
I bought this dome white screen protector. I don't have problems stalling read the review watch lots of videos how to the instruction. But it leave bubbles in the middle I wait for 10 to 20 for it to disappear but it didn't I did the second step but still have this circle in half th button of screen for the second time I leave it for half an hour nothing happen. So disappointed.	1
Went off every time my dog shook his head. Rarely went off when he actually barked.	1
Good beginners brush. Loses a few hairs about every other shave but it retains its softness. Not the best brush on the market (I'm sure) but it serves as a cheaper introduction to wet-shaving	2
Product arrived missing screws and washers that were part of kit. Customer service request went unanswered. After getting missing parts, installed part worked as designed and solved issue. I recommend purchase but ensure all parts are included before you start work.	2
One dropper came broken. I didn't bother trying to send it back since I needed these right away. They work okay. They seem to have a pretty good seal when you close them. They however only will suck up half way and it seems like when the liquid is an oil, it drips a bit. Otherwise these are a good product.	2
Received PDF files the next day through Amazon messages and also by my email to download and print. I’m not crazy of the sheets received since it was on very thin paper but I got the PDF for that too so I can’t complain much. Cute designs, will update once we get our markers to dot away.	2
The length was right	2
Works well, Except the glue on the back doesn't even stick or work at all. Envelopes from dollar tree glue better. They don't stick at ALL So I've been using tape. But a bit annoying.	1
After much research and finally found a bed set I thought I would be very happy with. Took awhile to assemble product, had some mislabeled pieces. Second, once almost finished assembling found a california P65 label on it stating there are chemicals known to cause cancer in this product. Very unhappy this was not posted for us to know before buying the product. I have a newborn son and he shares a room with us. We would not have chosen to buy this product if we had known, and feel frustrated with the hidden information from the consumer.	1
Mine did not fit at the spring end. I had to trim the plastic to get it to fit in the hole. Would have been an easy install if not for that.	2
Cuts braided line easily	2
Works well, sharpened all my dull kitchen knives and a great price!! Very useful.	2
Bad buy not soft very hard seems to have hard styrofoam can not use	1
I thought I use these to brighten up my scratch-off cards, but they were hard to scratch off, I was told. You must use a coin. Your fingernail won't do it.	1
Love it. It’s nice to have all my charging devices in one area. Thank you	2
this is not made well. it flies for 1 minute then just nose dives to the floor at that point the blades bend and its broken	1
It broke after just a few months. It said "plugged in, not charging." Don't recommend.	1
I need the chairs that never came to my house.	1
I purchased the copper color-way and found that accompanying screws which attach the item to the wall have black heads. No effort at all was made to match the screws to the key holder.	2
Leaves my hair feeling like crunchy straw	1
Bought this battery in September 2017. Charged it perhaps 8-10 times. Tried to charge it recently with the standard B&D charger (2 of them, actually) and it flashes red (bad cells). Great while it lasted.	1
Like how well the unit operates. The unit is extremely quiet and efficient. Like the design and features of the unit also, the unit is extremely quiet while running. One piece of advice, after watching the professionals install the unit, I Would not suggest trying to install it yourself. The copper line and hoses are very difficult to work with to get through your wall and down the outside of the building without creating leaks in the lines. The wire connectors are not as easy to connect as in the more expensive units. I payed for the Amazon install and would highly recommend it. The installer did a fabulous job and was very familiar with the units to know what to expect for an efficient install.	2
I tried this in liquids and could not tolerate the taste. I ordered empty capsules and tried filling them with the powder and it is tedious. Gave up.	1
I like that this product is perfect for traveling purposes, but it’s not the best to remove wrinkles very quickly. Also, sometimes it spills some Of the water inside, regardless of how you hold it. Good, but not great	2
Bottle is pretty but you have to press too many times to get the oil out. And the design of the button doesn't make it easy. I returned it.	1
Worked for less than a month. Now won’t stay on more than an hour. Changed batteries a million times	1
Just amazing, tight fit and the quality of the wire is nice and durable. Plus it's a two pack so worked great for us since we have two phones and both needed the extra length. Both our phones are OnePlus 6 . Totally happy with this purchase.	2
Awsome boots but they were too small and returning then was a hassle.	2
although a pain to do this necessary step it is required	2
The picture first show the ugly knot like thing at the waist. Long wait for product to arrive	1
Received my item and 4 of the cans were broken open. The box was soaked with Mountain Dew.	1
This is a nice can cooler. My husband uses it. Helps keep his pops stay cool, but not cold. Had I realized the top has to be screwed off in order to place a can inside, I probably wouldn't have purchased the.	2
too heavy, awkward grip	1
It was not in like new condition..it had a small piece of the edge torn off ..not happy..it is a nice stand for the price..the shelves are heavy..not cheap	2
Very Good! Currently my aunt asked me to buy a 0.5 mm skin care tool for her, she feels good and lets me write a review for other ones. She uses it on her face and neck 5-10 times per area. The micro needles are concentrated, a little pricking is normal. She used one week, feel wrinkle decreasing a little bit.	2
Very pretty! Does not protect your phone. Ive had my phone for 3 years I get a new case every 6 months or so never had my screen cracked. And I have dropped in the past.	1
By the time you wrap around 4x4 it is to short to reach hook on post popper. Post set in cement that is 6" below ground level	2
I removed the unit from my TV and now I can not plug it in I did the same thing with the unit and I can not plug it in same thing	1
Our daughter never learned to use silly cups but transitioned from bottle to these silly cups easily!	2
It is even better than I expected. Only received them today. Will see how long they last	2
My last phone last em 4 years without a scratch, so I am very good at taking care of my stuff. This Cover plastic material will brake between the firsts weeks. It comes without screen protector so if it fells your phone will brake.	1
Prince Charming is totally all that and a bag of chips. He is pretty forgiving and gracious, just like a fairy tale.	2
The paper in the top team was destroyed!	2
Ive been rinsing continuously for more than 20 mins and water is still running very dark.Its like rinsing tar.Cant place this in my tank.	1
Didn’t workout, the suction cups with the Arlo Pro cameras couldn’t be used as they have the screw in the back and I wanted to mounted in the inside window facing out onto the street, also not long enough!	1
Just got it today and was very eager to try them. Wow what a disappointment. I thought they would flavor it to make it taste like a marlboro red or something. Nope just a very bland taste. It tastes just like a billy tea cigarette and thats probably what they use for this cigarette is tea. The ash is black to.	1
Based on reviews, I decided to try out this Yorkshire blend of black teas. Turned out quite weak after 5 minutes of brewing; with no distinctive flavor or aroma. It was only 3.99 for 100, so its no big loss. We also use tea bags to add color to some curry dishes, and it certainly fits that function.	2
Flimsy and thin. Flies unpredictably. Not like the thicker Kong frisbee I purchased in store.	1
The lid does not stay on!	1
Overall very flimsy. Wouldn’t buy them again. Wish they weren’t so cheap feeling.	2
When it worked, it worked well. After a couple of years, it gave up the ghost in dramatic fashion. I'm not quite sure how or why but it died. This has been at the back of my desk an not been moved for almost 3 years. Starting several months ago I started having issues with usb peripherals not loading correctly or getting interrupted during a sync process. Since I never plugged in or unplugged cords from the hub I assumed my computer was dying. Turns out it was the protracted death of a Anker USB hub. All my other hubs are still working fine. I assumed these things would last forever if ignored. I was wrong.	1
I could smell this stuff all day but I don’t feel like it moisturizes my skin enough, and my skin isn’t overly dry to begin with.	2
I got this for my wife but she decided not to use it in public since it turn out to be a very small skirt.	2
This product was affordable and easy to install. I have had it on for a couple of weeks so far with no durability issues so far. However, the privacy protection of this screen cover does not work very well, or as well as others that I have used. You can still see what’s on the screen from the side at several angles. Better than absolutely nothing, but if you care about your screen privacy I would choose another brand.	1
Does mot work even full strength Ortho ground clear smae price works so much better	1
Great visual in my classroom. Students love these! They break easily though and when they do, it smells.	2
This is a nice cash box with a sturdy outside. The blue is a fun color! The closure of the coin compartment arrived broken, even though it appeared to be packaged well. I didn't bother to return it or contact the seller, as my kids needed it the next day for their lemonade sale.	2
I love Mora blades and give them out to my students regularly. This last batch I bought were all faded and discolored. I have bought the Cyan Color before so I know what they were suppose to look like. This new batch was baby blue with a yellow tint. I contacted Mora directly via their website and they never got back to me.	2
I've purchased 3 in different colors. This last purchase the fabric and stitching is sub quality to previous purchases.	2
These are fantastic and my dog loves them!	2
This is actually my second pair of these slippers. After three years of heavy daily wear -- including going out to the mailbox in all kinds of weather -- it's time to retire the old pair and start anew. These have a warm and comfortable fleece lining, and good fit: slightly snug, but I know from experience that they will stretch a bit. Very happy with these, and am looking forward to several years of cozy toes.	2
Material feels cheap and the feeling is horrible. A pain to remove from the trackpad.	1
I love this selfie stick and the fact that it can be a tripod too is amazing! While it is for selfies and taking pictures, I will be using this for videos too! the remote is awesome too and connects easily to my phone via blue tooth! The phone holder part of the stick is nicely cushioned and holds the phone in place and this selfie stick does not plug into your phone like the other selfie sticks out there. So make sure your bluetooth setting is on and to pair it. I can't wait to put this bad boy to good use!	2
Least fav movie of the set, but still better than most movies.	2
Received it and they are all damaged meaning broken in pieces. And no return or replace so I’m stuck with broken gumballs!	1
Fit a little wide for my 5 year old, he doesn’t wear them as much as I would like because they slip down his face when he looks down	2
A great hammock! Very comfy!!!! I totally recommend it!	2
Wire is useless. Did not like the lack of sensitivity options.	1
Looked forward to using them, but one was already broken before I had even put anything in it.	2
I'm quite satisfied with my order. Thank you.	2
Product worked 3 months. Starts and cuts out. Told it should be under warranty by Hayward. Purchased through Amazon Services. Amazon Services can not be contacted and we are referred to Hayward. Horrible customer service and Hayward is even worse. So far it's been about a week, hung up on 5 times. About 6 hours of hold time. Received a generic email. In Ground Pool turning into a Mosquito Health Issue. Worst support I have ever experienced would not recommend or ever purchase again. In all my years with Amazon, I never would have thought that they wouldn't be part of the solution. Run fast and run far.	1
Couldnt tell a difference and poor quality.	1
Great for my sons devices. The charger piece for the phone stays in securely. This has been my longest lasting cord for my iPhone since having this phone.	2
The queen size was no as colorful as the picture.	1
Provides needed light for the lizard.	2
Nice umbrella. Very pretty, but too large !	2
Used this product for a float in a parade - ended up having to buy other pink heart foil balloons beacause the pig heads were missing and the latex balloons didn’t float with helium. We got by, but I was planning to order again at Christmas but will be passing.	1
I took a trip to Belize for 10 days and packed it all in a carry-on with these awesome cubes!	2
average quality, good price. A pair lasts about a year or two in good condition.	2
Ordered this horn for my husband and he had the hardest time installing this. And he isn't incompetent! I did message seller and they did replace the item immediately, I was very happy with their quick response. Received the new horn and was excited once again, NO!!! The EXACT same thing was wrong with this one also!! Same horn, #4 i believe, wasnt working, he tried taking tubes from different horns and nothing. We just forgot the whole thing by now, and will be looking elsewhere and hope to get a working horn!!	1
Came broken unfortunately	1
Ordered these gray memory rugs for our remodeled bathroom. They are ok. They are more of a light bluish gray than a gray. So far they seem durable having had couple weeks. They are comfortable to walk on. Good overall, wish color was more gray as advertised.	2
A piece of the side paneling was broken off when I received this item in the mail. I had wood glue, so it wasn't hard to fix, and I didn't want to wait for the item to have to be returned and then reshipped. But I would not buy it again, even though it is a beautiful item with good storage.	2
The bottle was unsealed in the package, nozzle and top were not screwed on and upon arrival almost all the liquid had spilled out into the plastic packaging. Absolute mess.	1
I cleaned my car with them and clay is really really necessary for a good waxing. It will get very dirty even if you think your paint was cleaned. I brought lots of small particles and dirt. And blue color is better than the yellow one.	2
These gloves are warm. They are of decent quality... Thumb part of both gloves have an awkward seam that takes up an extra 1/2 inch of space at the end though. Very irritating and doesn’t look cute.	1
New to crafting and was absolute excited about this product. I must say I wasn’t disappointed. It adheres with ease and looks great.	2
I am not a groomer and found it more difficult to use that just using a guard on a finer blade. You must be careful or you can nick or cut a pet easily. Probably a great tool for professionals or experienced groomers or if your pet stays fairly still when trimming.	2
Does not get range it says I got another from local store same range so it says but works way better.	1
Love these! I’ve already put them in several containers to use as lighting. I can’t wait to use more!	2
Speakers do not line up perfectly with ear, but still comfortable. Overall a fairly good product.	2
The metal ones work fine. The beads are too small to get on. The thing that comes with it to try to get the beads on is razor sharp! Buy a different threader if you're going to try to use the wooden beads.	2
NOT RECOMMENDED, Very bad, battery goes from 100% to 20% during night, in standby, no way!, this is a very bad product,NOT RECOMMENDED	1
The pads are too flimsy, and does not keep suction on the surfaces I used them on. After a few minutes, they flex enough that the suction cups will not stay on.	1
Very hard to get on small dogs. They don’t stay on once you get them on. Not worth the time or money.	1
This is a peace of junk already stripped out and broke going in the garbage	1
The concept had potential but it was rushed. Lots of potential story lines were introduced but nothing was really finished. Honestly, the ending read as though someone tapped the author on the shoulder and said, "Wrap this up."	1
No good did not work	1
Great looking Large clock.	2
I love this bed cover! Super high quality! Luxurious soft velvety feeling! I bought the medium cover in grey microsuede. It even came with a waterproof liner! Definitely recommend!	2
We originally ordered these in Nov 2017. The bags were awesome and we never had one break or tear. So when we started running low in March of this year, I made sure to order the exact same product. We did not need to open the second box until a couple weeks ago. I knew something was wrong when I pulled out the very first bag. The plastic was different and it didn't have any "give" to it. Needless to say, every single one of them has ripped so far and over very stupid reasons. The corner of an Oreo bag made a 6 in tear and all I did was pick the trash bag up to move it 5 feet away. We are 10 for 10 on damaged trash bags. The worst part... We have a lot of cats. Several times now the torn bags have spilled dirty cat litter all over the floor.	1
Initially a side panel was missing. Their phones were backed up, but once I got through, they were very friendly and sent the missing panel. The assembly was quick, easy and the alignment on all the parts was spot-on. I have now ordered a second product from Suncast.	2
They are definitely unisex. Bigger than I expected which is a good thing.	2
Product very difficult to operate	1
The alarm is much too quiet, and the adjustments are confusing.	1
Easy to install ,all parts were there.	2
Haven’t had luck getting these to stick well enough to make any impact on my wrinkles.	1
They are quite small and light, but they do function	2
I've heard so many good recommendation about this product, however, this just doesn't work for me. I had a showcase coming up and (who knows what's wrong with me) my hands suddenly starting sweats a lot. I was sliding crazy and my instructor suggested for me to get this grip aid. Turn out, it got more slippy as this gets on my hand. It works for everyone else, just not for me. how frustrating it was I had to turn to pole gloves.	1
Mine were dried out and hard. Very disappointed. I bought a Shorty and Loved it. Sorry I cant return	1
If I could give it 0 stars I would. This is a horrible movie about self-absorbed so-called humans basically abusing their dogs. In no form should it be called entertaining or a comedy. Considering the actors in the movie, i am not the least bit surprised.	1
The screen looks like it is not from the mobile phone the touch is bad, it does not even touch the buttons with it.	1
Battery lasted about 5 weeks.	1
I use my iPad every day, multiple times per day. This case does not hold up. The vinyl material is coming off of the front cover to reveal the cardboard underneath. Also, the folding mechanism of the front cover to support the iPad when writing, etc. is not sturdy. My iPad collapses frequently during use. I have owned this case for less than 6 months, and will be looking for another brand. Spend the extra money for a decent case.	1
Didn't see a difference. Just a moisturizer.	2
Love them. Wished I could just get a white one	2
much smaller than I thought...not a normal size kitchen garbage size	1
Its old taste funny!! Waste of money	1
I liked the whole book what I least like about it is I have to pay to read the second book when book 1 is free	2
When folks relaxed slightly, their curved back pushed off the "cover panel'. I fixed this by drilling two small holes, one on either side of each "plastic snap-on" . Then I passed a Ty-Wrap through each hole. The Ty-Wrap slides smoothly around the round bar.	2
On the plus side, the tan isn't orange and darkens quickly. Another bonus is the SPF of 50. On the negative side, one person cannot apply it correctly to themselves. I tried just spraying it (big mistake) and the next day I tried spraying it and then applying it everywhere with my hands. I still ended up with a very uneven tan and much darker blotches all over my legs.	2
Great replacement part! Works perfectly!	2
Scratchy and thin. They promised soft and plush and they’re anything but.	1
Some better than others. Still fun for a fast holiday read. Some were more intro to other books rather than stand alone short stories.	2
I ordered a size 11 and recieved a size 12. Not good at all and dont know how to return them.	1
only for the fact that they sent the wrong product, fortunately they returned the money, but the holiday was spoiled and the person was left without a present.	1
Exactly as described perfect for my bike bag	2
This is a good quality product. However, it didn’t work with my iPad Pro as it didn’t fit.	2
A great finish to the series.	2
Very cute. Was disappointed I removed one from my daughters hair on first day and bow came off.	1
Just perfect for my tiny bathroom sink . Gives me a lot more space to put small things. I put a medium sized listerine mouth wash in the back and it never tips. Love it.	2
These earring studs are exactly what I wanted. The earring backs are also very secure and they hold the earrings in place nicely. I was looking for earrings that I can wear everyday without taking them off. I am very pleased with the product that I ordered another pair for my double pierced ears.	2
Sometimes the magnets wouldn’t really hold the box closed.	2
More than 1/2 missing...first time ever it was shipped w/out tape on top, and w/out being placed in plastic bag. Very poor shipping	1
The guys loved them! They were so happy to have their names on them. Only one of them came with lowercase letters. It wasn’t a big deal but wish they wouldn’t have capitalized the first name to match the others	2
Extremely poor product. Took theee attempts to install it. Broke in like a week afterwards. Get good quality product and not waste your money on this one.	1
The straps are not adjustable and hangs way too low.	1
Seller sending spam to my email...Never will buy from again.	1
While it was easy to install i can't get rib off two bubbles in two corners	1
There is a whole but beside that is it fine i dont really want to send it back and wait but we will see	2
Best field dressing knife for large game. Extremely sharp.	2
That's a good idea. It can make the mobile phone screen bigger, better to watch movie. My mom likes it very much.And for the price, can't be beat	2
Very pretty and figure flattering. It is very long....all the way to the floor....wish it had been Tea length. Nevertheless its very nice	2
Never received my order. Lost in shipping.	1
A bit predictable I had to make myself finish reading it Did not make me want to read more books by this author	1
Just opened my plastic package because hard to see if center pin was copper as pictured in ad.. sadly it was not. By the way, do not tear open your package because it states on the package,"No returns if bag is open" what a waste, I should have just driven to an autoparts store.	1
I love using this hair gripper , makes doing man haircuts very easy	2
Very pretty- Nice sparkle. Better quality than I expected	2
This binder is big, perhaps too big to fit insides a backpack.	1
Box was smashed in mail but very cool collectible	2
Only wore them a couple times. Not comfortable and don't stay in position very well.	1
Paid good money for a product that had to be put together slat by slat. Benches should have at least been partially put together.	2
Fit fine, but broke 3 days after the return window.	1
Ordered a large. I am 5”4 and 150 lbs and the top portion fit well but the bottom half was little large. May be cute with a belt.	2
Very cheaply made, but I should have known by the price, I will give them to some kid not my Fiat!!!!	1
Will not buy this product again. Will spend a few more dollars to buy real Pur water filters.	1
Great products! Just like the description.	2
good, not expert but so far so good	2
Doesn't look like the pic	1
Do not buy from this seller...it's a nightmare to return their products	1
Great probiotic!! Doesn’t upset my stomach like some I have tried in the past have done. Easy to swallow. I would recommend especially for anyone with a sensitive stomach.	2
There a little cheap but they're fun to play with	2
Cute .. kinda small .. comfy until you have to walk long periods. Yes soft cushion but rock hard soles.	2
Junk, sorry. Maybe I got a bad one. Threw the box aways assuming it would work, my bad I guess. Micro end of cord doesn't keep contact with unit and won't charge. Won't buy again, I'll find another product.	1
Wonderful candles for birthday gags! I got these for my 22nd birthday, and everyone loved them !	2
I did not order this. Even though this is a free cat game, I did not order it. I simply looked at it. When it showed the privacy policy, I did not approve of the access granted to my tablet. Either this gets removed and any access denied, or I will drop out of Amazon and never use it again. The accesses are absurd and I strongly recommend everyone read them very carefully. AMAZON....REMOVE THOSE PERMISSIONS FROM MY TABLET. I HAVE NOT AUTHORIZED ANY PERMISSIONS AT ALL ON THIS GAME SINCE I DID NOT ORDER IT. I DID NOT MAKE A MISTAKE. I BACKED OUT OF IT THE MOMENT I READ THE PRIVACY POLICY.	1
Love these! I use them every time I go shopping. Wash up easy and fairly easy to see through. I don't think cashiers can scan through them though.	2
It has,alot of pieces	1
If you have somebody on your gift giving list that is hard to shop for, this is one of the items that's easy to know if they already have one or not, and if they need one. That's the best quality about this product, and the second good thing about this product is that it is better than using tweezers to yank out your nostril hairs and risk pimples in your nostrils from agitating the hair follicles which of course means the hair follicles got plugged when the nostril hairs were ripped out with tweezers. You get the idea.	2
It was smaller than I expected	2
Shipped fast and was as pictured	2
Really nice clips. A little tricky to use outdoors on the clothesline as they are a little small and can twist and pop out of your fingers, especially if it is a cool day.	2
You get what you pay for. However, I am hoping to make good use of it for as long as it lasts.	2
Very very nice! Perfect for my bathroom remodel! Dark espresso!	2
Great classic silent film, but the quality of this dvd is terrible. I would encourage you to pay the extra money to get the Kino classic version. Their version has been restored by people who care about preserving the quality of classic films.	2
I mean it protects your phone from scratches, but also makes your touch screen almost non useable. You have to push down hard for it to work.	1
I really wish I could give this product 5 stars...but sadly I can’t. I don’t wear make up often when my bushes sit in my makeup bag covered in the makeup from the last time I wore makeup I would break out so I wanted to find a quicker way to clean my brushes. When I first used this product I instantly fell in love with it! All the makeup sitting deep in my brushes came right out and was almost dry instantly! BUT I just used this to clean my brushes for the second time and while drying the spindle detached right from the machine and there is no way to reattach it. I tried to look for a new device without the whole kit and can not find it, I am very heart broken and am now on the search for a similar product.	1
I liked the discs but the picture shows a Magnet putter and that’s the very reason I purchased it. Opened my package and it came with the Banger GT putter not the Magnet. So I’m a little bugged by not getting what I wanted.	1
Doesn’t look exactly like this picture shown here .	1
Well made and was a gift for my son!	2
not working in my acer predator 15... needed to return and buy another brand	1
This case is nice looking (I bought the mint), and slim fitting for a cell phone case if that is your preference. Although the thin cases in my opinion look nicer, they probably don't offer as much protection if dropped, but this case looks nice and will give you a very good grip on your phone.	2
Not the size that I expected, but the quality is good.	1
I returned the first watch because the second hand was off center. I am waiting for a replacement to arrive and am hopeful It is the best looking scrub watch I've come across so I want it to be accurate on this try.	2
Camera won't read them: totally useless, never worked	1
Wanted something funny for grandsons to learn manners. They thought I was crazy. But it did spark some conversation about manners.	2
A little snug for my 15 lb. Pomeranian, but he doesn't seem to mind it sitting up. He is hesitant to lie down in it but will if I tell him to. The backpack itself is not heavy, so the weight is bearable with a pet inside. But the bottom digs into my lower back and makes it really difficult to walk more than a few steps - I'm trying to see if I can add some padding to the outside of it so the discomfort isn't too distracting. Otherwise, I thinks it's pretty cute and a good investment if you travel a lot with your pet.	2
Barbara’s videos are much more informative than the book.	2
Have an iPhone for work, android for personal, This cable only works for charging, No data sharing.	2
I needed a new collapsible 1 cup measuring cup as my old one split. I had to buy the entire set, but that was OK. I liked the colors and additional measuring cups are appreciated. The way they are clipped together is awkward, and you can't just slide the size off as you can with a ring and opening. You have to take off the clasp, and when the cup you used is clean, you have to thread it back on. We replaced that clasp with a ring to make it easier. The measuring spoons are permanently clipped together, so using them is awkward, and you have to wash the entire set. This becomes messy too if you measure olive oil, for instance, and then need a different spoon to measure another ingredient. Unless you clean the oil spoon, it may drip when you use a different spoon. I would not buy this set again.	1
Installation directions made the task seem too hard and confusing.	1
Doesn't stick well and the cat just chews it off.	1
Purchased this product thinking the quality would be great but it constantly jams despite the "no-jam" claim in the title. I don't staple every day but staple often and the hassle is very inconvenient. Double staples are constantly released and causes jams. The only great thing is that this came with a staple remover which helps un-jam the staples!	1
The bulbs Are healthy, but I only received 2 bulbs, not 3 as advertised... disappointed	1
My dog chewed the leash off when I first used it. Then we tied the loose ends together. It broke again, at the end so there is no way to fix it.	2
It gone very fast and easy to break but color is very good	2
I'm sure its great... I wouldnt know it didnt come to my address..thanks amazon 🤦‍♀️	1
I fully enjoy the aesthetics of this game plus the fact that it's an open world game and you never gets bored with the seasons feature. Great design, great gameplay and nice awesome driving mechanics. My only issue was that it won't load when MSI Afterburn is running.	2
I bought one for my son and then a second a week later for myself to fire off in the backyard and not chase the ammo for pickup. If you are an intelligent person who is capable of working out the loading mechanics, this is a 4 star gun, cost considered. Fires far and comes with a lot of stuff. Looks great. May buy a 3rd. :)	2
Sizing ran small. The lettering is some kind of heat transfer. Wife ended up giving it away	2
I thought I was getting a typical $100 range IEM. What I got was a driver that rivals anything I've heard in its class (and higher), and I've heard a lot of 'em. This s not a V-shaped IEM, no the midrange are just as strong as the highs and lows. I guess its I-shaped ;). Whatever, its just a really impressive sound. More mids than I've ever heard from an IEM, seriously. Nicely constructed, GREAT fit. Good price and very large sound. Sennheiser strikes again!	2
The dress has a nice fit and feel, other than it is way too short. I will be returning	2
Great Buy for the price I paid. Bass could have been a bit better. But loud and clear headphones. Better than most of the premium headphones. Amazing catch from my perspective. :-)	2
This item was to be in Very Good - Used condition. Upon opening the cover you see a personal note to an individual. It was my impression that Very Good - Used was not to have written notes or comments. Rather, only would show normal signs of wear and use.	1
Perfect Fit easy to use and effective!	2
Great price. Replaced the ball with a heavier one.	2
Good for the small gaps, makes a start for the bigger levers if required.	2
Purchased to house new prescription sunglasses that are medium sized, could not close the lid. Returning for another alternative.	1
The screen protector works great! It can be a little difficult to install, but if done correctly, it works great! Air bubbles go away after a day or two if any are left. Just make sure to follow the instructions. They act as good protection for your device!	2
I love it except I have to keep reattaching it. It is not very sticky	1
I didn't get 20 saw blades. Package came open in box. I found a couple loose in the box but I'm still short 4-5 blades	2
At least one whole size to small.	1
I’ve gotten so many compliments and I absolutely love it	2
Packaging is below sub-standard. Arrived scratched and blurry. Say g'night Gracie!	1
This is the third set of paint pens I've purchased from Amazon, and the third set I'm just not all that happy with. I need paint pens that dry glossy and none of the three have. Before I ordered these I made sure that it said in the description that these would be a high gloss...in fact it even says on the package, "Rich, radiant and shinny!" If anyone can point me toward the one's that dry, 'rich, radiant and shinny' I would really appreciate it. Thanks	1
Not stackable!!!! They do not nest!!! Both of my tables were the same size!!! Other than that, they are nice. Easy to assemble and sturdy. They will hold up for a long time, but they Will Not Stack.	2
My son loves it which is a plus. It does move around a bit and is a little difficult to fold up after use. I’m hoping it lasts.	2
The mask is silky and comfortable, but as other reviewers have mentioned, it puts a lot of pressure on my eyes. When I loosen the strap to lessen the pressure, light can come in. It would be better with two straps on the top and bottom than the one thick strap in the middle.	2
It didn't work. I have a clothing moth problem. I can see the moths. Using the traps for at least 3 weeks, only 2 moths caught. The other brand I was using before Amazon jacked up the prices would have had a lot of them caught by this time.	1
This clay is ridiculously hard, it’s past it’s useable time frame. I did not order this during the summer so that isn’t the issue. And it isn’t that it needs conditioning/softening, I understand how that is done but it’s just bad clay. I was told there is a no return policy! How is that right? I should have know the pricing was too good to be true, not worth it. DO NOY BUY THIS PRODUCT!	1
No what i thought it was gonna be. I like tge camera but i dont like that i cant activate it remotely.	1
Several times I wondered if I was ever gonna get pulled in. Then almost at a snap of the fingers I was hooked and couldn't put it down.	2
The cover color is very appealing; however, dispite taking good care of it, it is imposible to keep it from getting all scratch. My neice told me about this cover; hers have a leathery finishing that prevents marking and scratching. The one I got has a metalic, plastic like finishing that is more prone to markings. No happy, I would have preffer to buy a more durable cover. I will a picture for you guys to see what I am talking about.	2
They didn’t even send the right seeds	1
Couldn't get these on...needs a zipper on the side. Otherwise, super cute!	1
This is a great exercise to improve concentrate on different stepping patterns while on the mat.	2
It's nice, good price. But works better if you are left handed. The hand strap is very far left.... So I just turned it around and cut slots out for buttons.... Now it works for me.	2
Works well -- especially if chilled in advance -- and fits well in the freezer. As others noted, separating the insulated inner container from the outer is difficult. Further, if not fully dry before reassembly, you will get condensation between the layers. Despite this, this container is easy to use to produce single swipe scoops.	2
Battery life sucks. The volume was at its highest and I couldn’t hear. I ride public transport to work and it’s quite noisy. So I could never hear. Poorly made. I wouldn’t recommend anyone buy these ear plugs.	1
comfy socks, but kinda thick.	2
The Nu-Calgon Scum tablets work very well. You get 200 penny-sized tablets in a bottle, really an outstanding value for the price. These small tablets are convenient to use, easily fitting most applications. They work well for preventing mold/mildew/scum buildup. The tablets are nearly odor-free and dissolve fully leaving no residual. For safety, you are required to handle with gloved hands. Good product, excellent value - highly recommended.	2
Nice quality, the selection of sizes are nice.. it's make wearing one much more comfortable.	2
Not made well. Cheap plastic. I have a small phone but it won't hold it. It does hold my boyfriends. Sorry, I would't recommend it.	1
Water drains quickly	2
Love this dress! I got a lot of compliments on it!	2
These are so handy for on the go or small messes at home! I may never go without them again :) they are much larger than regular wipes and very soft!	2
They die to quickly.	1
Excellent quality. I am very glad I ordered this and I use it daily	2
Multiple adjustments.Product looks and feels sturdier the generic hinges from big box stores	2
Package came completely beat up, I got this as a gift and the presentation is not what I want to present to my daughter as a gift. Truly disappointed!	2
I really enjoy this coffee. I love that the smell and taste match. You can taste a true nut flavor in this coffee. I add a little southern pecan creamer to it as well ...yummy	2
the screen protector that comes with the case leaves a lot of bubbles so I ended up removing it but besides that it's a great case	2
Dries out your lips (so bad so that I had sores on my mouth after using this), color is not great, smells terrible. Do yourself a favor and skip this one. I hated it so much that I may never use another Rimmel product again.	1
Very cheaply made. The hardware parts are made of low quality and quite thin metal.that are also ill-fitting. More suitable as Cosplay or Halloween costume use than for daily wear. Looks like I have a new strap to keep my sleeping bag rolled up with.	1
Does not work anymore.	1
Image is a bit misleading as the 2 sections do not interlock but rather rest on top.	2
It worked great for about an hour. I had to return because it started strobing. I gave it three stars because it did work for a very short time and I noticed other reviewers did not have this problem.	2
Overall i'm going to say this is a 3 star. the package had an expired coupon on it so i'm not sure if the product was also expired or not there was no listed date. But other than that, this definitely tastes like sugar in fact unless i was looking for it i dont think i could tell the difference with this specially once i add it to my coffee in the a.m. and noon tastes just like as sweet as it would with regular sugar. I really do like that this is a probiotic because I have lot of digestive issues and it's something I have to put into my diet on the daily basis. I've also made some cookies with this and they taste pretty good, honestly don't taste the difference than when i use regular sugar but I am happy that this does actually cut the intake in half of sugar plus the probiotics. I wasn't happy about this having not expiration date on it or having the expired coupon which lead me to question and wonder but other than that i'd say it's over all a good type of low sugar....sugar . this did not cause me any stomach pain or anything so it's pretty good.	2
I like this product because it is very quick, just wet and shave. The downside is that for the price the moisture part runs out really quickly and it is hard to get a close shave.	2
quick service - good products	2
Shear amount of bobber stops is convenient to have, however, the packaging quality and the actual stops are okay at best. Mine came on a cardboard sheet that was awkwardly rolled to fit for shipping which tore some of the packages open. With that, sometimes taking a new individual bobber stop package off the sheet can be tricky not to tear. The actual bobber stops are decent, they are comparable to Eagle Claw bobber stops that I normally fish. The rise/slippage is minor in my experience so far of about 15 individual packs.	2
It does its job. Great tool to have if you own QSC Subs	2
This laundry basket is way too nice to put my dirty clothes in! I bought it with every intention of using it as a laundry basket, but it’s so so pretty, I opted to use it in my family room to put my throw blankets in. It was very easy to assemble and very nicely made. I couldn’t be happier with this purchase	2
Saw a commercial so thought I would try them. They don’t stick well. Are very tiny and despite putting several patches on location I was hurting got no relief whatsoever.	1
Didn’t live up to title. I expected more about dog. I also expected it to be funny. Book was disappointing	1
Cute for now but I know these rhinestones will pop out soon making it less cute. Not functional for a loop stand in Portrait mode only for Landscape mode. It keeps falling down in Portrait mode. The loop is not as practical as my previous case’s was and definitely not for fat fingers as it’s fairly small. Case has this weird flim on it so that it is almost powdery to the touch. Not pleasant maybe it will wear or wash off.	1
My only gripe is with the dust catcher. The filter liner has already unglued on the inside, so it's useless. Otherwise, works great!	2
Arrived in good quality and as a collector that is what is most important to me. Would by from this suppler again.	2
The parts came on time. It fit exactly as they say. Still working fine today. Highly recommend for your Toyota.	2
Didn't like it. Never bothered to finish it.	1
I bought size medium- they don’t fit at all. Wish they did tho. Soft material, no panty lines.... buy a size up!	2
The string that hooks the towel on a hook fell off after first wash in the washer. Great absorbency though. Washed it twice now.	2
Bought a few months ago and it’s beautiful but the pink bow is no longer pink and I rarely ever wash my car. My car also sits in a garage all day for work. So beauty doesn’t last that long.	2
We were delighted to find a compact shelving unit to complement our TV cable cords. The style blends well with our mounted TV and fireplace.	2
This was easy to install, no messy grease. But as far as the heat transfer its not that good. I used this on a 3 fan water cooler after I put my mother board in a new case. I replaced it with Artic Silver 5 after a few days and now its running about 10° cooler.	1
One set was very discolored. Product came in nice velvet pouch.	1
I have received my last three deliveries and the cans were severely dented! Vi am very disappointed and will cancel my future orders! Very disappointed!!	2
not a perfect fit but works	2
I read these were bleach resistance but they are not. I work in a salon so these were a bad choice.	1
Size runs smaller than normal	1
Bought for a friend to give as a gift, reviewing to get it out of my feed.	2
When turned on it emitted a loud squeal	1
Not at all invisible. Weird reddish-blonde color. Not at all “brown” as described. Tried contacting company 3 times to ask if they had accidentally sent me the wrong color. Each time they just sent me link to the original amazon listing. Weird. Terrible customer service. Seemed like great value for 100 nets but the color is way off. So if you have brown Hair do not buy! It’s in no way invisible.	1
Not gonna lie, This movie was boring. Didnt like any part of it. The actor didnt feel right in this movie. I dont badger on Actors, but i thought it was supposed to be a funny movie, but it was literally boring. Why did i even bother buying it. Dont recommend anyone to watch it. Sorry Ms. Schumer, but this movie was a bad movie overall.	1
worthless and the so called "prime" that I pay for won't let me return it! Watch urself w this one!	1
this product works well for my daughter for pageants and modeling. I don't have to worry about it being the wrong color, no straps and it doesn't show through the clothes. stays put very well. I should have gotten a bigger size for me but fits my daughter well. I suggest getting a size bigger than what you wear.	2
Just like the fox. Comes with the pocket clip on the wrong side. Great for training. Would be better if it came with a small bit driver to change the clip as needed.	2
Used it for an hour, and it failed. Warranty service found it needed a new brain. Once that was replaced, I used it for about 6 hours and the belt broke. It seems that since Craftsman sold off to everyone and their dog, their products have went downhill!	1
This did the job inside our winery	2
I wear a medium underwear and got a small. It is enormous and I had to take several inches off the sides	2
I loved reading this book. First because I read tons of books every year, and that is not possible without some form or other of speed-reading. Second because every book on speed-reading gives me something new. Here is a book that offered me something totally new! Highly recommended!	2
This was a gift my sister and I bought for our sister-in-law. According to her she loved it, light weight, cozy and soft.	2
Most Stories End Abruptly Leaving You Wondering What You Just Watched. If You Loved The Original Series Stay Away From This. The Only Series That Stood Up To The Original Was Night Visions.	1
This is a good ball for the weekend golfer. Hard enough to go. Just soft enough to have a little touch. The right price in case you have an off day and send a half dozen into the drink.	2
I was looking for this specific eyeliner and was happy to find it. Too bad the label said not for resale. Awkward. Maybe removing that label before selling it would be better. But was brand new and works as expected.	2
Horrible customer service, ordered this item 2 months ago and still haven’t received it.	1
Bought this for my niece and she loved it!	2
This keyboard has a completely pointless green status light that stays on even when the computer is asleep. I had hoped to use it with a computer in my bedroom, but this intrusive light means I can’t.	1
Awesome lead up to the main battle. Battle was less than expected with a really unrealistic ending. Series is getting tired.	2
RAN VERY SMALL AND WAS NOT COLORED AS SHOWN, UGLY SENT IT BACK	2
Design started peeling within 3 weeks	1
Very good idea for a product but the static that it produces when your listening to music is unbearable.	1
I pulled the knife out a couple times and it became wobbly. Other than that it works good and the knife is sharp, but seems like it could break if used burning a fight	2
Great vitamin pack but I think there are too many to take at once. When I separated them out throughout the day I didn't the same effect.	2
Got the product in the mail in the handle was already broken. Amazon sucks I have to bring back this heavy box and have it returned to them and got no compensation in return. But I did order the item again hopefully this is just a fluke.	1
Arrived broken and leaking. Reordered and trying again. I'll modify the review if I can get it...	2
Works great wife loves it.	2
5500 yards it a total LIE. I didn't measure but these look just like the lots that are 20 yards each.	1
Sounds good. Battery life 4-5 hours and less than an hour to charge. Not durable. Owned for less than two months, when not in use I carry them in a soft cloth pouch. Left ear piece came apart in my hand, snapped it back together but that side doesn't work any more.	1
Love the concept. I'm not real good with the too Sue to eyesight.	2
Great little electronics bag. Lots of straps and pockets that holds my electronics gear. Zips up flat and fits nicely in my backpack.	2
It charged once but didn’t work with phone. The package didn’t come with return info. Complete waste of money. Very disappointed.	1
Like the product if my son wasn’t afraid of it while in the bath tub :(	1
As an air mouse it actually works fairly decently, response is good for what I need so I am happy with that part. I also like the size and feel of the remote. However, the keyboard is not working at all. I don't know if it needs to be activated, but I've poured over the instructions and did not find anything that helped. Half of the reason I got this remote was for the keyboard and if I can't use it, this will most likely end up in a drawer. Can't recommend unfortunately.	1
Connections wiggle and cause sound to cut in and out. They are just average sound quality and comfort. Not impressed, sent back for a refund which was promptly given, kudos for that.	1
Great shaving cream for those with sensative skin. Have been using it for years. Will buy again.	2
First time washed, regular cycle and steam came apart with fraying and shredding!	1
Love product. Hate the smell. WHY do they have to make products for Black textures so smelly! I don't want to smell like artificial candy all day. consider making a more natural smell, fresh or no smell and it would be awesome. Be careful with the amount it can get a little tacky sticky with too much on the hair at once.. But one of the better gels out there for price. Just how do you turn down the smell.	2
This case is great! Only thing I dislike is my magnetic mount struggles a bit due to the wide/smooth texture and the curved back-side. If they would have thought to install a thin metal plate inside of that curved material, and perhaps have said curved material pop out into a kickstand, this case would be awesome! Protects the camera and edges very well.	2
This cookbook was NOT in the box.would not have given it a star but I had to in order to submit.	1
I liked the outfit. But its like they give different Sizes for the skirt and top. The top fit perfect (I wear medium) but the skirt was definitely a small. Will not be ordering from here again.	1
I bought this for my elderly parents who seem to struggle with the use of almost any technology. So far, they have been able to use this in their own with minimal intervention from me (which is greatly appreciated)	2
The product itself is fantastic and very real looking. The added seals are even better. But I gave the product 2 stars because they were confiscated within seconds of my bag being checked for the music festival I bought them for. I filled them to the brim, used the seals and you couldn’t tell a difference, but apparently security is onto these now. Now not only am I out $13 for the product, but I’m also out the money it cost for 20oz of booze. What a waste!	1
Characters were well developed, setting was consistent, and a sense of suspense kept the reader hooked. I’ve not read any other Danny Logan books but I will in the future.	2
Great sound, but will not stay in ears	2
I bought this product 10 months ago and last night the gasket on the water tank failed and I woke up to a kitchen covered in water. It seems that the Capresso coffee makers (which I have bought for years) have become less reliable.	1
I did not receive this order!	1
It works and sounds good but is too loose in pixel and pixel 2. If you jiggle / bump / think about touching the connection it will cut the headphones and will not come back. Should not that I originally had a much harsher review and the seller tried to contact me about the product but I had already tossed the box so I didn’t see the point in responding to them.	1
Excellent product. Charges quickly and even through a plastic case.	2
Seller stated there were cutting directions marked on the rope, just read carefully. Very vague. Advertising says every foot, rope has markings about every 3ft. When we installed and cut per the advertised info, lights ended up about 10 inches short. No instructions included with packaging. Not pleased at all with this purchase. Think I’ll wrap them up and send back. Tried to use on my houseboat.	1
Work fine. However, shipped on a slow boat from China.	2
Works like a charm. Wish I had got them earlier.	2
Gives the look I want but the thermometer itself is very hard to read. Not very practical.	2
Great to restrict my ten pounds. It is very difficult to open the corner. I cut off the plastic pin on the top and it pops in and out with ease. A bungee cords holds the top together.	2
Really enjoyed this book and the way he brought everything together. The real life letters together with the story of the prodigal son. I would recommend it to all of my friends and family.	2
It made me rate the app before anything but it kinda works if you like it then get it.	2
All you have to do is try on the belt, snip off the extra bit you don't need, and use a lighter to lightly melt the edge. Wasted tons of money on cheap belts that didn't fit right nor last long. Finding this belt was a serious relief to a seemingly brutal cycle. 5 stars.	2
Latest Update: I have received several messages from Clara in Customer Service from Koios, apologizing for not getting to my request for help sooner. I didn't answer the first email, as I called Amazon and the item was promptly replaced. But, she emailed again, offering assistance. The email seemed very sincere, and I believe it was. THANK YOU, CLARA for following up. We are happy with the hand blender, and feel confident if we have any issues they will be resolved promptly. I haven't used this yet - just opened the box and completed the warranty. Material looks good, sturdy and I'm excited to try it. So, I went to try it, and the hand blender piece that fits onto the motor unit is broken. See the picture. I went to the website and tried "chat", but only got "Please wait. All agents are busy right now, but soon someone should be free to help you!" Then called the 855 number, and held, then after a few minutes, they disconnect you. How long is reasonable to wait? I'm not sure. If this gets resolved, I will write a follow up. If not, I will send it back.	2
These do not fit my 2006 Chevy Trailblazer so I can't review the performance. They were primed shipped and arrived as expected. Although one rotor appeared to have been opened from the box already, and I purchased as new. Sent back for refund. Rating is for shipping.	2
Loved this ring when I first got it!! Wore it a few times and so far two stones have fallen out!! Very frustrated!!!	1
these come very close to home made flavor and texture	2
I am apparently too uncoordinated to strap this thing on my upper left arm, even though Velcro is involved! Ordered a wrist monitor instead.	1
Great! Lightning fast and accurate.	2
Perfect fit, good quality, work as advertised.	2
It's doesn't keep drinks as cold as I anticipated.	2
Like the dress and material but too short and neck and arm are tighter then i wanted.	2
So far so good its intriguing!	2
Not very sturdy bc the 4th screw provided is different than the other screw and the thread is chipped!	2
My kiddo loves it. Holds a good amount of school supplies.	2
The sound quality is very nice. I use these to mix and found them comfortable but one issue I've been having is the left earpiece will go out for no reason and then the right earpiece will start to fade out to nothing. I would love to get a replacement pair because while I do love these earphones the inconsistencies are very frustrating.	2
Works decently enough for the price. Lights our walkways to the front and back doors, which was the goal due to a lack of streetlights in our neighborhood and our multiple short steps toward our home situated on a slight incline. Tip: Follow all instructions for maximum benefit.	2
Great sound quality ... but people always say they cant hear me .. mic sucks!!	2
Like: price, not WiFi, easy to use Dislike: sound is not very loud doesn’t pick up many noises until they are pretty loud	2
They just slide off the fridge when you put any real weight on them, gonna try to find a way to stop them, not quite sure.	2
Slightly expensive but served me well as souvenir for my family and friends	2
Nice, light waterproof jacket, easy to pack. It was too small, next time I will order 1 size up	2
I have had this unit since 2010 and still works great. I have had to replace the UV bulb once and the fan once (about due for another fan). The replacement parts are inexpensive. My unit gets used every night and most certainly has added to the life span of my hearing aids. Just a great product.	2
In any craft store...this glue comes with a cap so that when you snip the top to use it, you can then cover it so it doesn't dry out. I guess I will make the trip to Michael's next time!	1
Never received product.	1
Easy to put up but consider it a one use item. Just setting it up caused bending in the suppprt poles. Worked for our party but by the end of the day it was too tweaked to set up again.	1
these are either too thin or too thick and get stuck in the small gap between the surface and side of my air hockey table	1
First things first the finished product is badass it looks like it came right out of the movie that being said the little fin things on the side of his head are fragile otherwise he’s a blast to build and he’s incredibly poseable well worth it and an awesome piece to any prequel collection	2
So far so good the product works great. The only reason why it isn't 5 stars is the bottle was leaking from a loose cap when it arrived and a lot of the product had leaked out	2
I absolutely love this watch, my dislike is the color of the gold, and again I hope it doesn't tarnish quickly because of the price, it seems like it will because it's so yellowish, but otherwise it's beautiful!!!!	2
Great valued product	2
Too much filler ...character had too many issues. I want escape not problems / drama in my reading material.	2
If brightness is what you're going for, these things are insane. I bought them for a video recording set up. They were actually too bright for that! These are great spotlights, outdoor work lights, etc. They get warm, but not too hot, and the on/off switch is great. They're definitely a great value!	2
Smells great and made my receipt better!	2
Was a little difficult to get it properly "centered" on watch face.	2
I received this and it worked for 2 weeks. The owner was nice enough to give me a refund. I think I just got a malfunctioning mouse.	2
I must have purchased it by mistake. A bunch of women on a reality show. I don't watch reality shows.	1
This product not worth you money mine won’t even turn on it only charges as soon as i take it off nothing works and i haven’t used it for one video and it’s sucks	1
Was nice while it worked. It only lasted 2 years to the day! The controller smelled hot, the light on the controller went out, and the heating blanket quit working.	1
The portable wardrobe uses nice material to protect your clothes however the plastic pole keeps coming loose which causes my clothes to fall to the floor. I even purchased the huggable hangers because they are light weight. The wardrobe does not hold the poundage advertised.	2
In less than a month of using this case the red finish is already wearing off the edges. And unfortunately the plastic underneath the metallic coating is white, not red, so it is very apparent.	1
A lot small than I thought it would be!!! The sides dont line up exactly and cause a gap between the snaps and the corners.	1
Works just fine. I purchased this as a gift to a woman that is having problems with a smart but creepy ex boyfriend.	2
Love frappuccino. Great start for the day, and afternoon. I put mine in freezer for a bit, almost like icecream Bottle won't bust Heaven	2
Nice material for summer, not too heavy.	2
Was as expected for the money.	2
This is not authentic! I was replacing one that I had and thought it would just be easier to buy from amazon since it ships so quickly. It was a big mistake, not only is it more expensive here, but it is not a Brown Betty! Authentic Brown Betty teapots have a distinctive marking on the bottom of them, this does not have that. I wound up ordering from my original source, the two pictures shoe the differences. DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM if you are looking for the fabulous Brown Betty teapot. It really does make tea taste better, asa tea fanatic I can attest to the difference. The first photo is the real one, the second is the one I got at amazon from this seller.	1
Form-fitting was okay. They did warm up went I put them on in my house. I was happy then. I work for a trucking firm night shift on the docks and it was 17 degrees tonight. Needless to say I froze tonight. I would not recommend these for The Frigid cold temperatures. Maybe they do well in the 30-degree area.	1
Sound quality was very bad. It doesn’t get as loud as it should. It also has very bad quality. I wouldn’t recommend it.	1
I didn’t like it has two different fabrics and I think that’s why it doesn’t fit as expected . Because one is kind of loose while the other fabric is tighter to your body.	2
Pros: Love the print Cons: The material feels like the material used to make Halloween costumes, very cheap. The sleeves are also very short, barely comes to my wrist with my arms at my sides. Will be returning this, disappointed in the lack of quality.	1
Product was marked excellent used condition, repackaged. The pieces do not fit or secure so top of soap dispenser swivels	2
I really was looking for premade food recommended times and degree. None of that in here. Just made from scratch which didn't do a thing for me.	2
No it really looks cheap in person! Don’t know why we didn’t return it, probably won’t use it, just to busy to deal with returning at that time.	1
The Anran 22w Dual USB Solar panel charger is packed securely in a box inside a bubble envelope. So yes, your mailman can bend the envelope and shove it into your standard sized mailbox without walking to your door or damaging product by forcing into a space too small to contain it. Its a win-win for both of you. It has a velcro closure and two carabiners clips. It can be hung out in the sun with carabiners or folds easily into a standing position. It has 3 solar panels and a pocket with 2 charger connections. The pocket is large enough to hold USB cords. It also comes with 1 USB cord. It would be great for camping. I purchased for home power outages. It conveniently folds flat so you could keep it in the glove department or trunk of your car. Currently, coastal NC is recovering from hurricane Florence. This will become part of my preparedness kit for future emergencies.	2
Don’t know what it’s suppose to do. But am still the same	1
It hard to put it up when your missing the hardware. My husband tried to find alternative but not with alot of trouble.	1
Couldn’t wear it because it rubs the inside of your underarms raw. Bad product.	1
Product got here faster than expected which is a plus!!!	2
These are really nice	2
The product is as expected But it wasn't 200 leaves it was 49 leaves It was only one vacuum packed plastic bag I feel I was ripped off or maybe it was a mistake	1
Does not fit like my other hats that are the same size.	2
My friend and I have been looking for a long length and we both love these pads	2
Case is great. Room for three internal fans. USB 3.0 ports in the front are a bit buggy from time to time. Only bad note, extremely fragile material, it looked as if the box it was shipped in was dropped and nearly destroyed the frame but I managed to pound it out. Not too happy with our shipping service right now. Will be going with cases that are much sturdier in the future.	2
This item is very poor quality. It is very thin, and the fur is matted together.	1
For the price I would have been happy if these were good for at least a one time use. These will not even stick once. Save your money.	1
Used this for the 1st time and the back wheels fell off. I was told this isn't one of the "good mowers" and that I should've spent the extra money to get a better one because you get what you pay for. Lesson learned.	1
I really Like this water shoes, there were comfortable on my child	2
Light looks nice but it’s missing the back of the screw caps, so there is no way to rings stationary.	1
Sorry but these are complete junk. Don’t charge and when I tried to pull the usb part out it fell apart	1
Great shirt with great message. The “e” in We does look slightly off, though. It will shrink even when you wash as directed	2
i like the product, use it all the time. However, i have lost all 3 silicone earbuds, and have no contact information to be able to purchase replacement earbuds.	2
Color change a bit after first wash, before I fed my baby.	2
I love this oil and have purchased elsewhere before however this bottle had barely to no scent at all . Very dissapointed	1
They are more comfortable then other brands that I have tried.	2
I don't have time to return these so I am stuck with them. I'm afraid to wash them due to previous reviews. They SMELL like mildew. I have put them in a tote with a bag of lavender in hopes they will smell better by tomorrow.	1
Some kind of sweetener in it tastes bad. It does not feel as healing as with the other brands.	1
Dropped phone and it didn't protect the phone it broke.	2
Dangerous! Contains lead and poorly made. Choking hazard, and toxic illegal levels of lead.	1
I was surprised at how well it adjusted to my skin color. It has a floral smell kind of like Jasmine but it is a little strong for my liking. I do wish it was more of a matte finish. It's a bit sticky for my liking, not exactly light weight as I was hoping for. It does stay put for most of the day considering I have oily skin. For the price it's not a bad light coverage foundation but I'm not sure I personally would purchase it again.	2
This bag is just great. It has tons of space. I fit a 15" laptop in along with my tablet, phone, purse and books and it doesn't drag down or burden my shoulders. The quality is good too.	2
After seeing this on shark tank I bought this to use for the summer. It has a multitude of uses including at the beach where I use it for a blanket and then to corral sandy items in my car. It rinses off easily and dries quickly. I love that I don’t have to fold it perfectly and it always goes back into the little pouch with no fuss. I do wish the weights were heavier but they’re still better than carrying around stakes. This is perfect to keep in the car or diaper bag but I’ve even used it at school for outside times. It’s a sturdy product that I would purchase again	2
The tire deflators don't work consistently well. Tried 3 times now and can't get even deflation on all 4. They deflators are super slow too. Will be buying a stem remover which is super fast but you have to watch it.	2
My birds absolutely love these! There were no tiny grommets on these shoes that would pose as choking hazards. I would advise to buy shoes for your birds to chew on that do not contain grommets. I purchased some that looked like these on Amazon and they DID have the grommets so I returned those ASAP and re-ordered these!	2
they are light (enough), strong (enough)	2
The collar functions well for what it’s designed to do. It’s made a huge difference in our ability to train our Doberman. She was a hard dog to train and had a couple habits we were struggling to break. Since using the collar she’s overcome her final obstacles and respects all commands when the collar is on. We’ve had to replace it once and is a little weak on holding a charge.	2
Everyone could not hear me while on the phone. It felt like I was in the dinosaur era, all people hear was a roaring sound while talking.	1
But I will NEVER buy from an add i can't click out of or play a game where the adds have an 'X' but take forever to naturally time out of allow you to click. I was enjoying this game. But the aggravation isn't worth it. I'd rather buy the game.	1
This is amazing! Bought it for my boyfriends birthday! Clear cover is still on in picture.	2
very good, quality guitar for a beginning student	2
Arrived feeling damp and had a weird smell almost fishy. Fits snugger then I wanted it too even though I ordered the 4x and I normally wear a 24-26 depending on fit. Washing the item now so I hope it washes well.	1
My thigh was too big. So sleeve kept rolling down. But gave it to a friend. Dont know if it worked for him either	1
Nice size but does not stay clamped, I have to keep squeezing the clasp.	1
two pairs performed or are still performing. One pair, however, would only work if a person had two right hands. Very disappointing to say the least	2
A great watch very easy to use and is very cheap but good value.	2
Fast shipping and good price.	2
This is a great file (seems well made), however, it is much smaller whan I imagined it to be. The width is maybe a hair wider than an standard #2 pencil, and the file (not including the handle) is around 2 inches. When using a smaller file it is a bit trickier to use with my non-dominant hand. The product overall seems well made, and works well. Just much smaller than I was led to believe from the description.	2
Case is made of cheap plastic that held up the fisrt few drops but then broke.	1
I would highly recommend to not buy this mattress. It starts compressing after a while and causes back pain while sitting. Me and my roommate both are regretting having bought this mattress. On top of that customer service is horrible too, they will ask for picture proof of the compression which is practically impossible so the warranty is fake too.	1
This is a great album. Really enjoyed listening to it. Evie has such a lovely voice, you feel the presence of God when she sings. :) Really shows the true reason for the season, Jesus! :)	2
The whole for the plant was much smaller than expected but still super cute	2
Didn’t work as well as Niagra. Can’t return. Disappointed.	1
Liked it a lot initially but broke in six months	1
Bought this for my daughter and what should have been an easy set up took over an hour as the poles were to thick to fit into the connectors. I had to shave quite a bit off to make it fit which was very frustrating. After finally getting it all put together, it is a nice goal and perfect size. Don't think I would buy again or recommend this though. The price was too high for not fitting right.	1
Tried to use this product instead of spending much more at the dentist for a night guard. Could not sleep with it in my mouth at night. Fits horribly even after molding it. Ended up caving and spending the money at the dentist. It is a night a day difference compared to this product. Highly recommend saving your money.	1
I specified 2011 Chevy Suburban. This came up as a fit. It does not. Waste of money.	1
I bought this for the size since I was traveling abroad for a few weeks. I figured since this was my first trip with this bag it would at least hold up for awhile. Unfortunately, after the first day of travel and it being through two lay overs it was completely unusable. Wish I’d of taken the review photos more seriously.	1
Did not fit my phone at all	1
Bought the bag for son to carry sports uniform and 2 pairs of shoes. Perfect size for that. Canvas was thicker than I thought but flexible.	2
Not as rich and flavorful as we had hoped.	1
Very light duty but sturdy enough for it's purpose. Leg adjustments difficult due to aluminum shavings and edges where the machining for the spring latch was done. Filed, cleaned and lubed with candle wax. Better but not good.	2
Wasn't as thick as described	2
Don't waist your money. I installed these less than 1 year ago and the USB no longer works. Not a reliable product.	1
Very nice and thick high quality towels.	2
This does not work for an iPhone 8.	1
This product did absolutely nothing. It didn't catch any fur what so ever (even when washing the dog blanket)	1
Phone keeps getting hot while it’s in the case and have to keep take it out even win your use the phone it gets so hot while in the case not the phone it’s been check it’s the case	1
The light bulbs are smaller than I expected. The bulbs are dim. I can't use these. Not bright enough	1
Have had this case for about 4 months now and it looks like I have had it for 4 years. The outer silicone is sooo dirty. I am a very clean person and am very careful with my phone and I am so disappointed that it’s already so dirty. Love the quality just really wish the color wouldn’t get dirty sooo easily.	2
This is an awesome quality 3/16 stainless steel necklace . Nice heavy piece I wear it 24 seven shower ocean pool gym and it still looks like new and super comfortable. First necklace I’ve ever owned that you can leave on 24 seven and can’t even tell it’s there	2
I have an iPhone 8plus and ordered the case and it’s a little to small but it’s still doing the job so far!	2
This product works quite well and smell awesome (just like fruity pebbles)! This leaves a nice freshly detailed look to your interior surfaces. Over time the product seems to 'wear' off leaving a streaky look. If you apply interior products weekly this is perfect and gives a nice even not so shiny look. If you apply this infrequently there are probably other options that will work better, as mentioned over time this becomes streaky leaving a very uneven look.	2
Absolutely loved watching Chasing Happiness. Loved the home videos and memories throughout the film. So glad they're back and better than ever.	2
The motion detection on my camera's are not working properly. I have two camera's, one of them does not pick up motion on the right side of the camera and the other does not pick up movement outside of ~10 feet. Wi fi signal seems to be 'okay', night vision is not perfect but viewable.	1
We've had several sticks of sage before,. these burn like a plastic almost and the smell doesn't quite resemble authentic Sage. I thought someone was smoking cigarettes outside. We've burned 1/4 of 1 stick after having it for a month or so. We'll stick to the other brands.	1
The author is hands-on, thoughtful and personalizes each delivery. I am very pleased with the book and will buy additional copies. Thank you!	2
We bought this for a humming bird bath. Not design to go in small area. Must be in direct sunlight all the time. Slight breeze and you have to fill bath up every 15 min. Not what we wanted. Great for pond though.	1
Charger cord snapped right in half	1
Product stopped working two days after the return window was closed. Now I’m stuck with a useless product. Very disappointed	1
These snacks were so bad tasting. I was so disappointed. I ended up tossing all of them in the garbage.	1
Sandals are true to size. They are very comfortable. When I step on them my foot sinks in similar feeling to a memory foam slipper but not as soft. they can be worn inside or out outside the house. They have a strong sole.	2
First of all, the slipcover was so soft and I wanted it to fit so badly! I have an oversized faux leather sofa and I measured based on the specifications but unfortunately it did not fit.	2
This fabulous book is about DASH Diet Meal Plan teaching you the best way to gradually make a diet change for a successful lifestyle change for the better.I hope you will be very benefits after getting this book.	2
Using these for black head removal.. hurts! The metal is really flimsy and bends. I purchased these to remove ear wax from my 3 month olds ears, but I tried using the other ones on myself and they hurt more than they helped.	1
Somewhat complicated to use, but materials are good.	2
Broke while trying to change sheets :/	1
Absolutely no way! Does not fit properly and feels like a reject shoe...	1
I am absolutely in love with this product! I have very dark, thick hair and my natural skin tone is pretty fair so I am a good candidate for this device. You have to be consistent with this device for it to work because your hair grows in cycles. I was very skeptical of using Flawless but decided to give it a try and could not believe how "flawless" my skin looked afterwards!! Even the next day my skin was feeling smooth. It doesn't hurt at all and literally only takes a minute. I have even gotten compliments on my skin! I can not say enough good things about this product. It has given me so much confidence	2
I liked the waistband. But these were pretty loose. I’m an 18 but should of opted for the regular size. And even with them being pretty loose, they are still extremely see thru. These will be base layer leggings for me now.	2
Not as good as expected	2
Sticky glue around the neck of the bottle. Not sure if this is safe to contain food.	1
Great, very very fast shipment.	2
While my dog enjoyed scraping what meat there was off the bones, the bones themselves were very small and splintery like chicken rib bones would be. I was so worried she would choke or swallow something sharp that I wound up getting rid of it	2
I received a used product that has black smudges on all the buttons. I will be returning this product.	1
Tool is fine, but this did not come with the included accessories from the picture. Just the tool.	1
This pillow cover is great quality and very pretty. Looks very high end	2
Have to change my review die to having dropped my phone discovered this case doesn't protect the face of the phone at all.	1
Had to return these. Seemed like a nice shoe and well made. Bought the next size bigger and still did not fit. They don’t offer a larger size. I wear a 13W shoe and bought these in 13.5 hoping they would be wide enough. No luck. No one really seems to make cycling shoes for a wider foot.	1
Bought used - missing USB cord accessory	1
hate these supports. not as advertised. sorry that I ordered them.	1
Works well. Bristles very hard.	2
Love spicy food and, this is just the right amt of kick. Will buy again. However, almost your daily recommended for sodium- FYI.	2
Works decent, but I can not get them to pair together. We feel like we basically got two single ear buds	1
No need to pay more. This ink was perfect.	2
Gave it to my husband for his 1st Fathers Day. Looks great. You could personalize it if you purchase it through Etsy. Same price.	2
Overall quality is good and this is why I purchased it for the second time. However, this one I got has a dent on the bar. A bit disappointed.	2
Using this in my work computer for meetings instead of those ugly and uncomfortable headsets with the arm mic. The sound quality is very good, both hearing and speaking (with the mic)	2
they really make a difference when I have to stand all day	2
See through material and it's not double sided. Have not even put it out yet	2
I do not recommend as it cheaply made & will not last. I bought 2 and both broke within 4 months of playing. The first one started failing to sustain despite the pedal being pushed, the 2nd one actually had the pedal nearly break off.	1
Excellent camera back pack. Not too big, not too small. My son loves it.	2
I want to love these because they are so reasonably priced but they can be hard to clean.	2
I ordered two for my boys and really liked the style and color but they both fell apart within 6 months. The drawers first started to fall apart then came the frame at the foot of one of the beds. We've had the beds for 11 months and have had to reassemble the bed way too many times. I doubt it'll last much longer. Terrible purchase!	1
Big drip pan was bent on the bottom.	1
Bought for a Delta bassinet. It is about a inch too big for it. We are still using it because we have a sheet over it and just folded down each side. So it can be used but I'd recommend another product that fits better for a Delta bassinet.	2
Bottle is good besides the fact that it’s very fragile. Cracked from the bottom of the bottle in less then a few uses. Very disappointed	1
I purchased these as a gift. I am by no means any type of fishing pro, but I must say these are very bright and lifelike. If I were a fish, I'd eat it lol. No but seriously, looking by how its made and the details of each lure, I'm sure these will be a great addition to any fisherman's lure collection. Will update with a review later after the person who receives it as a gift tries it out!	2
The product cable is not upto par. It shows as not being able to be used in my 2016 mustang gt usb port. I had to purchase a separate Samsung oem charger for my galaxy s8+.	1
good quality! I plan to order it again.	2
arrives chipped in a perfect box	1
CANNOT REMOVE KEY WHEN LOCK IS OPEN.....CANNOT ACCESS MORE THAN ONE COMPARTMENT WITH ONE KEY UNLESS LOCK EACH AFTER OPENNED.	1
I have had my other pair of Sanuks for several years and it was time to buy some new ones. I was really excited about the price of these. They are comfortable and fit well, except for one strange thing--they are somewhat crooked. It's hard to explain, but while my feet go straight, the sandals lean to the left a bit too much. As a result I have to consciously angle my foot while I walk, to make sure it actually lines up with the shoe. It doesn't bother me a ton, but it is something to be aware of.	2
This isn't the type of book I would normally read. However, I have been trying to read through some of the classics. This was on my list and I was surprised that I enjoyed it. It may be a romance (not typically enjoyed by men) but it was very well written. I will happily read more of her books.	2
Idk why but they are so so tight and I can’t return them anymore, maybe I’ll try breaking them in. I ordered a size bigger than I usually get with adidas but alas they are too small.	1
Beautiful shirt but go up a size if you have ample breasts	2
Very nice pillow cases	2
I am very impressed by this new case. I have a lot of EO and plan on ordering more. This is a very nice looking case and arrived in a very timely manner.	2
When people expect to get the product they ordered and instead got alcohol pads instead, so now in order for me to get a refund I have to mail back the alcohol pads that I didn't even order in the first place which is ridiculous, should have paid more attention to the other warnings on the reviews stating receiving wrong items, not ordering again. Buyers Beware!!	1
The lid doesn’t stay on very well.	1
The flavors are decent but the product breaks and leaks easily. Also ended up finding it at a 99Cent store only recently for cheaper.	2
Maybe it was installation. Door handle opens but I can't lock it and key fob works but doesn't lock or unlock	1
Worked at first, but now won't even turn on. Got maybe two uses with it.	1
I had this overhyped product for two months, used it about 12 times and then it stopped charging right after the return window closed. I will look for other options. It's great if you only need it for a very short time.	1
Worked well first weeks after that device would black out while using, wouldn't recommend	1
I did not receive the brand that I thought I was purchasing. I bought a medium Kaytee brand before this purchase and found that I needed something a little bigger. This one is HUGE and probably because of the different brand they sent me.	1
May be edible but it’s certainly NOT tasty	1
GREAT PRICE AND GREAT PRODUCT.... I WILL CONTINUE TO BUY THESE IN THE FUTURE!	2
This is really horrible tasting protien powder. I dont know of I got a bad batch or something but Ive never had protien powder that was so nasty. I wish I'd never bought it.	1
Loved this game wish they sold additional versions . Hubby and I loved them	2
Doesn't fit with case, the liquid did not go all around, did on flat surface, had to push the liquid around and went all over my phone. Leaving a greasy feeling. Not very impressed.	1
Easy to set up. Works well. Sounds great	2
I thought product was awesome and exceeded expectations until it died. Amazon quickly replaced and replacement had same issue. My thought is that I have a 5V 1 Amp charging port and a 5V 2.5 amp. I think both times I used the higher amp port to charge the speaker it fried something. This is strictly my guess. Speaker came with cable but not the port. Awesome speaker but if that picky about amps charged, should have come with port.	2
I bought this one because the price was right and I will only need the cover when I travel as it is garage kept otherwise. Thin material. Seems like it would tear fairly easily. This does not fit Polaris Ace with an extended cage and spare tire. This will not fit out Yamaha SxS either.	2
Good retrofit in the light can. Bright and dimmable.	2
I got these for Christmas for my 3 year old nephew. While they are cute and he does love them they do not fit his fingers at all really and they fall off easily.	1
Top ball broke everytime I tried to screw it into the rod	1
The tempered glass is of good quality but the bubble forms a groove along all the four sides. This looks ugly on the new phone and defeats the purpose.	1
These were suppose to be luxury towels. Not only are they no longer soft after 1 wash, they are falling apart after washing 3 times	1
although not perfect, these seem to be the best booties I've found for my dog so far. I like the bungee cord tightener because I can make them tighT on his legs. one or two fall off here and there. and the only other thing, the bungee isnt at the very top of the boot, so if my dog walks in deep snow, the snow goes down the boot	2
I’ve only had this on my phone for 5 days and it won’t stick anymore.	1
Wouldn’t stay on the wall even without the shower head. The suction cup is beyond cheap.	1
Very good sauce, it tastes better than what it smells like. If it's available to you locally definitely get it, it's better than your average pizza sauce you would get at the supermarket. Not worth ordering as there are better options where I am, but again it's very good, just didn't blow me away.	2
Do not buy! They separate and fall apart at first wash	1
Very soft. Bought these for my husband but I slipped a pair	2
bought this for a friend whose schnauzer had just passed away, and it was the perfect gift. it looked just like her, and he loved it! it is super cuddly and soft, and is a nice buddy when my pal misses his dog.	2
Thought these were going to be just like hot hands but they get way too hot. When you first activate them you would have to wait for them to cool down to put the soul into your shoe to even walk around in them.	2
Loved the book can’t wait to read the next book. Very well put together mystery, will highly recommend to everyone.	2
terrible fit and makes squeaky sound. cannot use it.	1
Love everything about the watch EXCEPT for the fact that despite only three months of gentle use, the "mineral crystal" as described in product specs has scratched up so much it's getting almost impossible to read the time! Very disappointed with this flaw, which was noted by several other reviewers.	1
this necklace is rather cute and with better quality than others i have seen. i got my daughter one for her birthday. i liked it so i got me one too. i am able to use the chain for other items. goes well with lots of things.	2
Ordered XL which was too big.... I ususally wear M or L. Did not like the cut, though..... the flare at the bottom of the shirt was very unflattering....	2
So far, the roaches have stopped, but we will see how long it works. Thank you.	2
I received the wrong product. I ordered the 5 pack that was supposed to contain 2 x 3’ cords, 2 x 6’ cords, and 1 x 10’ cord. Instead I received 5 x 3’ cords. I don’t think it’s worth the time and effort to go through the return process to get the right ones, especially since I need these chargers now. The cords do work (however I’m not convinced they are MFI certified, they still get hot when charging), I’m just disappointed that the longer cords weren’t included as described. That was the main reason I purchased the pack in the first place.	1
I WISH THAT IT HAD A PLASTIC SLEEVE PROTECTOR ON EXTERIOR	2
This is so cute and huggable! Am surprised the quality was so good for the price! Bought it as a decor for a baby shower. Gave it to the mommy to be and I keep one for myself!	2
Works good on small items like cheese. Not very good on sealing steaks. Needs a button to keep the vacuum going	1
I have enjoyed this product and so glad to get it through Amazon.	2
They make your hands sweat.	1
This iPhone 11 wood grain case looks very classy and I really like the design of it overall. It was simple to place the phone in the case. It fits well. My only question now is how durable it will be both in time and when I drop it - I needed a case that protects the phone and this one claims to do that. Again, it's very nice looking case.	2
The cover over the “home” button does not allow me to use my thumb print to unlock my phone or use it to put in passwords.	2
I received my generator yesterday with a disturbing damage to the packaging, which does not guarantee that I have suffered any damage generator that also costs a lot of money. My punctuation will change if at the moment put into operation is in perfect condition	1
Didn’t work for my husband but he wasn’t concerned with returning since his work provided free ones that did work. He has tennis elbow.	1
Good quality, hold skits well, easy to use, sturdy but slim so they do not take up a lot of space	2
Nice presentation and accessories, not as good as the KZ ZST in sound and perhaps a bit too bright for some like me. My cord is a bit mishaped making hard to stay in my ears and the sound is harsh otherwise I would have liked these more.	2
They are air mattresses so they are not the most comfortable thing to sleep on, even when not fully inflated. However we needed to be able to sleep a couple extra people on the camper floor and they worked great for that purpose.	2
The only reason I didn’t give a 5 star is because it wasn’t as fitting as I would like for it to be. However, it stays in place for the most part and covers the whole table. I just wish the company would make the ones that are fitted. That would be perfect.	2
It look good like any other scream protectors but as soon as you put it, it loose the touch, meaning you have to touch it several time while you are using the iPad in order to pass the screen to another app	1
Stable and stays where put unlike others	2
It was a little difficult to attach to the computer but overall great quality	2
I usually use 3D white strips but those get expensive after awhile. This is good on a budget but does leave a thick residue after use, nothing some brushing can't do but it does make it difficult to remove from your teeth.	2
I was expecting this passport holder to be a bit more durable than it turned out to be, but you get what you pay for in this case. It is quite flimsy, but would probably serve it's purpose. I'm undecided on sending it back for a refund.	2
I have read two of these books. They are OK. Sometimes I feel like I would like them more if I was 50 and divorced.	2
The front cover folds like a handle you can use to hold the tablet while reading. The cover also closes to put the tablet in sleep mode.	2
i did not even get what i asked for	1
This is a great cleanser that lathers really well! I use this after taking my makeup off with some coconut oil. It leaves my face feeling super clean. I also like that is isn't heavily scented and that the cleanser is colorless and almost odorless. It is a great natural cleaner for your money.	2
Sliders are great so far. Yellow band snapped before 1st set of reps was even finished! Bummer.	2
Material is thin & cheap. Loose strings hanging off clothing.	1
When I got this car, it was so small. Its better to get it for a 3 year old instead of an 8yr old.	1
My 3 month old grandson loves his soft comfy pillow	2
The flavor was very weak, even after I left the teabag in.	1
Always washing it as the litter sticks to this all the time. Messy job. Supposed not to stick, but does the opposite. Easy to hold, and made well. Finish should be corrected.	1
Easy to use product.. good cleaning.	2
I've gotten Sunny bikes before and really like them, but this one's a lemon. It's very loud in general, and as you stand or apply resistance, the bike periodically gets even louder or makes odd, rough sounds. One of the my pedals also keeps clicking. My past experiences with Sunny bikes have been very positive, but this is definitely a purchase I regret.	1
Mostly great. Everything is nice and sharp. The nail clippers cut amazingly but the tweezers and the squeeze handle cutters don't open and close very well. The case is also a bit cheesey looking.	2
Pigs wont touch it. Cant understand why it has seeds in it. They arent supposed to eat seeds.	1
Love this this work perfect for the dry skin that I have only a couple uses and I could tell a difference	2
I’m not diabetic, but I love these socks because they are soooo soft and comfortable. The only problem is they tend to rotate on your foot and you need to return the heel to its correct position; otherwise, you can’t find a more comfortable sock. No binding on your ankles either.	2
Gift for wife, have not set up yet.	2
Ok, like everyone else said, this new design sucks. Like, it's really terrible. If you follow the instructions, it's not comfortable at all because it only molds to the top teeth if you use the tray. I re-molded it outside of the tray using both my upper and lower teeth, and now it's bearable. I miss the weird old plastic one I had by them, but alas, I chewed through it. :'(	2
Runs quiet but cuts close - and never cuts my neck!	2
Quality seemed decent, but the interior was damp on arrival and had a slight odor. I'm guessing I just got a bad one, but I returned it rather than exchanging.	2
As others have stated, line and common connections are not identified. Screws that hold everything together can not be tightened properly without stripping out the soft black plastic portion of the connector. If you are careful and knowledgeable about what you are trying to do, can probably make these work. I won't be buying any more of them.	1
When I received this the box was all banged up. I could have dealt with that but the smell of it was not good either.	1
It feels good enough to protect my cellphone and I regret i did not choose the purple one. It is not as slim as i expected, but it is indeed a good product.	2
Excellent product very bright I am loving them	2
Comfy to wear and very cute. My only complaint is that the points of the stars are pretty sharp making them a little painful to put on. Love that their stainless steel and I’m not allergic. Once the earrings are in they’re very comfortable.	2
Easy to use and worth the money.	2
Good for starting hand-washing. Smells maybe a tiny bit off, not bad but not great either. It doesn't seem to leave a smell on the hands so it doesn't bother us. My daughter (20 months old) likes to push the pump down herself - just be careful because it's easy to make a big mess!	2
Very Pretty Colors! But; I bought these as I thought they were very pretty and not being crafty I thought they would be a nice touch on the baskets this year. I opened the amazon bag and at first I thought they were the labels. Nope, flat ribbon no instructions not a clue on how to assemble these things. Very disappointed.	1
This phone arrived defective. Contacted customer support, and they send a RMA but that I was responsible for return shipping?! Why is the customer out of pocket for return shipping of a defective item? This is an unlocked snapdragon version of an S10 but hope yours doesn't arrive defective, otherwise you're responsible for return shipment to get them their phone back....	1
Very pretty and seem sturdy, but I'm allergic to certain types of metals, and these unfortunately had my ears very sore and irritated, i thought platinum plating would be enough to block any reaction to the the metal underneath, but no such luck for me	2
Bought it as a spare for my switch but it doesn't work because of a recent update. Not really the chords fault but I bought it because it was advertised as a possible spare for the switch.	1
It's a really good battery. Works well and you can charge a lot of times you phone. Takes some time to charge but it's normal, it's a big one. ;) But thre is a problem, sometimes the monitor got stucks at 100%, and you can use as normal but the number doesn't change. I bought two and is happening the same on both.	2
It’s a study chopper but the blades are to close together and things get easily stuck in the blades.	2
Handle broke pretty fast but it was my fault cause I overfilled it with clothes.	2
This fan will definitely help to cool down your room. The only problem is that it is loud even on the lowest setting. Definitely not good for sleeping.	1
way too small. did not cover anything. returned it.	1
7 year old niece loved it	2
It was not packaged properly and one of the pieces came broken.	2
These are very pretty at night.	2
Just received and so far 1 runs fine, 1 runs VERY hot and is concerning. Seems to be hit or miss.	2
Very happy with this product	2
Package is really hard to open initially. Has been put in I’m my garden, haven’t seen much of a difference so far.	2
Smells great and Is a great gift for the price	2
Make sure it including the monitor ! My order they do not have the lcd monitor. So I have to return them.	1
IT'S GOOD TO KNOW I HAVE TWO YEARS PROTECTION, BUT I HOPE I NEVER HAVE TO USE IT!	2
My 5 month old loves this book! The colors are so bright and he goes crazy! Another awesome book in the series!	2
Good lamp, cures fast and perfectly. Bought as a gift, very satisfied!	2
worked ok with my poison ivy. in fact the best thing I could find. that said didn't "cure" it my any means but did alleviate the itching for a bit which was heavenly	2
Very cute and warm. My daughter loves it!	2
Works great. Even brown eggs peel easily.	2
Purchased for my 6 year old son who loves to watch YouTube videos and play games. He absolutely loves the display and touchscreen but had me delete the preloaded “baby games.” It comes included with a storage card for the price which is great, my son also likes to take photos and create his own videos. The last iPad became extremely slow after downloading a few games and videos so he quit playing with it altogether. I would recommend purchasing a screen protector, I don’t care how great the quality is or how good the price, my son is guaranteed to accidentally crack the screen!! So I don’t know how he did it but he dropped it and it currently has 3 cracks on the inside of the screen but it still works like a champ, that was before I bought the screen protector so shame on me. It can also be used as a phone as long as you have service.	2
The minimum waist size for this item is 40". Even with twisting the waist belt, it slides right off. This is not suitable for swimming or water parks unless your waist measurement is 40 inches or larger. Also, the black bag is transparent, so it's not suitable for carrying credit cards or other personal information.	1
Cups a smudge to large at ddd and ribs fit more like a 34 than a 36 wearable but happy to remove.	2
very satisfied...what i need for the work that i do.	2
Had to throw them away. I'm not even going to try to contact the seller, after reading about the problems others have had in trying to do so. I work with my hands, so they're strong, but I can't light these without trying 10 times, and nearly using both hands. Definitely not worth it.	1
This is very pretty. But the top part kept falling off because it twice on in a very flimsy way. Within two weeks I lost the top cover and can no longer wear the lanyard.	1
This was an interesting read. Some things I never heard of so it enhanced my knowledge to a certain extent.	2
First cartridge didn't work at all. Just put in the second one today so we shall see, The price was so much cheaper it was worth a shot. Previously tried a different brand of remanufactured cartridge which worked well consistently. Can't find them now.	2
I liked the size and colors of the squishies, but the paint on the hamburger is already peeling off. I wouldn’t recommend them for smaller children that still put things in their mouth.	1
I bought the two pack for $16 (Thought that was too expensive but did it anyway) and it worked no better than any other Antiperspirant Deodorant Stick I have tried in the past. Save your money.	1
way to large for med and material was so hard not soft at all	1
It relaxes me within 1 h - 1 1/2 h and I can fall asleep.	2
I WAS DISAPPOINTED THAT ONLY ONE SIDE WAS PRINTED	1
i have dot pixel in screen	2
This organizer fits perfectly in my kitchen drawer. Bamboo looks great. Only wish the extension would lock into place- seems a little wobbly when its extended but since it fits the space completly its fine	2
I bought the squirrel as a gift for my family’s 2-year-old Labrador. It is a very cute plush dog toy made with quality materials. However, the dog went nuts when she saw the squirrel and decapitated it in just 20 minutes...	2
These are nice to throw in your car, forget about them, and be pleasantly surprised when you find one while digging frantically around for a snack. They're not too large a portion to ruin a lunch either. The honey roasted peanuts could be sweeter - they're not very fresh and don't taste nearly as sweet as other brands (or even the larger tub planters sells of honey roasted peanuts), but the plain peanuts & cashews taste good. Not too much salt on any of them.	2
Spy pen arrived on time and was well packaged... While this pen is for a Christmas present for my son it does look brilliant and is very well made and packaged... All the accessories are present (including micro SD card) making this excellent value for money when compared to other similar products out there. I have been surprised by the quality of the images and videos, if you give it enough light the quality is easily on a par with my mobile phone. Even in relatively low light it performs well although (as in all photography) the image quality suffers. I tried it last night in a shopping center car park and in the High Street under street lighting, The image was quite clear enough to recognise faces as people walked past. Overall extremely happy with my purchase.	2
The hair was delivered on time. Feels great and does not smell funny. I’m a hairstylist so I will give and update about its durability and how it feels after shampoo. Also like that the sell threw a feee lash. I’m pleased so far	2
I received these in the mail and they look great. Just like the picture. Trying to try them on was the problem. I can't even get them on my feet. Now I have a brand new pair just sitting in the bag. If you have normal sized feet, beware of the tightness of the ropes.	1
Cuffs were way too big...shirt had a pink hue to it when it was supposed to be white. Do yourself a favor...bite the bullet and pay the extra bucks for a better quality, non-iron shirt. You'll thank yourself later.	1
The backpack is vibrant in color, durable and inexpensive. My 5 year old daughter uses it for camp and its perfect. Might be a tad too small for school because of the binders they have to carry but its great for camp and travel.	2
I had a vision to buy greens from New Zealand. They have much higher standards for agriculture then the U.S. I looked on amazon and found Antler Farms. The stuff is great! I drink it everyday! Recommend!	2
These work; nothing special. Just the straightforward, basic razor blades. They work fine though they seem a little rougher on the skin that I remember when I last bough blades.	2
After a year one of the lights failed, not enough use for the price. Lights are as bright as advertised. I looked everywhere thru my order and there’s ZERO info for warranty purposes.	1
I love that it fits easily into my small bucket of soapy water and gets into the shower corners. The bristles are stiff enough that they clean the grout well. Not having to bend over is a blessing	2
I love the tools. I've had friends and family recommend Ryobi for years and I have been satisfied with the function of the tools themselves. I'm only giving three stars because one of the batteries is already "defective" according to the test in the charger. I've only used the batteries a handful of times each, a few screws here and there. Cut a couple of boards. No reason the battery should be defective already. Hopefully if I get more from Home Depot they will last longer.	2
I love how durable the case feels and that the material is not "sticky" feeling like some of the cheap rubber skins you can get for your air pod case. Great value for the money and will definitely protect your air pods. Very handy for clipping on to backpack or clothing with the including carabiner clip. Be careful to make sure your generation pods will fit when ordering this case. It will not fit all generations of pods so please make sure before ordering. I will buy again, however, I think this product will last a very long time, which is great!	2
Simple design that sites exactly what is meant to do. Snake fish. I went through thirty pan fish in thirty minutes. Snaking and gutting. Great tool. Buy two so your friends can help.	2
Honestly a little bothered that the cables didn't live up to their reputation of being durable. Mine lasted a few DAYS before the cable input wouldn't securely stay in my phone. Not only would I have to wiggle the input to get my phone to charge, but when It would charge it wasn't "fast charging" anymore.	1
The Top Doesn't Come Off even after long, repeated struggle, squeezing from sides while pushing downward. Got off only once in several months. Finally just gave up. And they dint't let you return the product.	1
all you need is half of brain to install, it's so easy	2
I was able to cover all of my garden with this and the fabric was just the right thickness as I needed. You can also cut this down the size if you want to or you can fold it in half which ever works best for you I actually cut mine so that it would fit better and it also gave me enough that if they should wear down I have spare cover to replace it with.	2
It has good quality in its manufacture, its materials are not of high quality, with the time the paint is damaged and it begins to break	2
Fit perfectly-Wouldn’t want to purchase a weighted blanket with out a removable washable cover.	2
I wish I could order gallon candles in this scent. It is so cozy and comforting.	2
I paid for this and never received it and it’s not available for return or replace so I am stuck with a charge for something I never received.... not happy	1
My little lefty loves it.	2
Easy to use but the range is not as advertised. Once my dog is 50 feet away the collar stops working.	1
I like the grip of the handles and their size but they do not stay clamped on my shower wall. As soon as the lock is engaged it pops back up.	1
This did not work for the mouse we had. I put the blocks in it and they just stayed there. No mouse activity at all I got a refund cause it did not work Then we purchased a humane mouse trap and within one night we got the mouse and released it outside :)	1
Quick, easy and always pleases.	2
My earlier review did not pass review. This product had absolutely no effect on bugs. Ineligible for return as a bonus.	1
The kit came with all the tools I needed as a beginner. The only problems I had was that the cloth was hard to work with, and that there were no instructions on how to embroider.	2
Best key lime flavored out there. I have ordered them a couple times - and will again - and leave them on my desk for everyone that stops by and they ALL love them.	2
A lil smaller than I expected but is very cute	2
I love this so much, it’s super cute and comfy! This runs short which wasn’t an issue for me as I’m 5’2 and I ordered a medium. I’m usually a small so it’s a little big on me but I’m ok with that!	2
It’s perfect! We needed a few extra pieces to fit our sink (underneath) but it was perfect! It’s beautiful and I love it!	2
The movies are awesome! The movies are not in chronological order. Even tho there are 2 movies on the discs, you have to change discs for each single movie.	1
Until I can get one of the expensive soap cutters this works well.	2
They didn't work!!!!! If you issue refunds, I would appreciate one. Since the packages were open I couldn't return them.	1
Already discoloring after two months. Works well just doesn’t look good.	2
Good quality. It is a little large, and I have to tuck it under the mattress to keep it from dragging.The drop is 12 inches, so that isn't the problem. It is a bit wider than the box. I still like it.	2
This will pick up dog hair just fine. Small dustbin so needs to be emptied often. Do not waste your money if you have any kind of carpet, this thing is made for hardwood and tile. If you have rugs you will be giving this thing a push every two minutes to keep it going.	1
I am conflicted. The tree is very beautiful. However, the snow comes off everywhere. I am thinking about returning it because of this reason. It is a great tree and I love the look/idea of the flocking. The tree makes a mess and if you plan to decorate with lights and ornaments it will make an even bigger mess!	2
Peeled off after a week	1
This book was a hard read. It was very cliche and almost annoying. I wouldn’t recommend wasting your time to be honest. I wanted to like it but it just makes you roll your eyes. A little drama, no suspense.	2
Love this backpack! It is perfect for our trips to the amusement parks where they make you take out everything for security. I know its not the best thing to have all your business out in the open. But if gets me out of those long security lines much faster I don't care who sees all our snacks. It is made of very heavy duty plastic - I'm never afraid of if breaking and helps when we got caught in the rain. It is a little stiff at first but after a couple of uses it got more flexible and easy to open and close. Overall I'm impressed with the quality for the price. And its very convenient!	2
this has no clip to hold your hair down as you curl it, it came with a glove to hold your hair which burned my fingers , then come to find out I can not send it back so don't order this !	1
Fair price, appears to be a solid product, my daughter loves it.	2
I don’t always write reviews but I’m torn on this product. Quality of cameras is great, setup and install was fairly easy, but the software is not that great. Hard to fast forward, rewind, set up recording schedules and a specific recording area of the camera.	2
This cup has a surprisingly big volume for lots of coffee. With the lid on, it keeps the coffee hot all morning long. No more microwaving cold coffee. Also, the handle is high enough that the mug comfortably fits in a car cup holder. I haven't used it for camping, but I use it at work every day.	2
Was not the greatest quality. Not impressed	1
Adhesive works well so there was no need to use the provided screws. Very satisfied with them.	2
I had high hopes for this adapter, I have 2 cars and 2 work trucks, none of them have builtin Bluetooth. I have 3 others from 3 different manufacturers, this was my 4th. If you are listening to music, this works well. It has extended base that will give music some additional punch. Unfortunately, my requirements is geared for communications rather music. When I first installed this, it took a while for the BT to connect but once it did it was faster the next time. If I listened to music and had a call come in, the BT dropped off, sometimes it would drop off and then picked back up several times before it stayed on. I would have to say "hello" 3 to 4 times before the person on the other end could hear me. One of my trucks is a diesel, the noise canceling was NOT up to par, others couldn't hear me over the engine. I would pull over and shut the engine down to continue the conversation which negates the reason I bought this device. I would then hear the person on the other end but they would fade in and out. I was very disappointed and will sent it back.	1
Stop working as soon as the return window was up.	1
I ordered these for a friend and they said they are a little smaller then the size they claim to be but they still like them	2
I was tired of typing letter by letter when using my android box. I just hooked this up by bluetooth and it worked right away. Now it's so much easier to search for movies.	2
I ordered red and received pink. Have tried to get in touch with seller but no response	2
Great product just not color i ordered or that was pictured	2
Great product fits well and seems solid	2
Cool root beer float flavor. Lower calorie than many type of candy. One star lost doe to rubber-like texture many tasters could get past including me.	2
I was very excited about receiving these tea leaf strainers because of the great things I have heard about them, but once I tried them for my tea it was horrible. The holes on the tea strainers were very big and it often left so many little leaves in my tea. I would have to use a real strainer to get all of the leaves out to be able to dink it.	1
good flavor when mixed with eggs, just don't add any salt to the eggs	2
Yes the product is cheap but my frustration is the fact that it covers the top of the screen so if you put a screen protector on it will push against it, making it useless. Unfortunately, I did not get it in the mail fast enough for a return. Not worth the money. In the trash it goes.	1
The costume comes with a shirt, skirt, 2 pom-poms and a red hair ribbon. The quality is much higher than I expected for a child's costume, and is made of washable material. It can be worn multiple times and still look good. The pom-poms are pretty durable and don't shed fringe like the cheaper ones do. I'm really happy with this purchase, and my daughter loves it.	2
Bought it for my dad, he loves it	2
Kid proof! My 2 year old and 6 year old have put this case to the test it’s awesome	2
Sizing is unclear and delivery time is very slow	2
This is everything you need to carry and serve water to your dog while traveling. No need for a separate bowl and water container. I would always recommend the 40 oz. it is not that big and your pet will more than likely need the capacity for a longer day out. The container is a stainless flask and not a thermos.	2
my kids are having a lot of fun with it!	2
Product is very good and effective	2
Blind was easy to assemble and worked well but only lasted 4 months. When I went to disassemble after hunting, season one of the support rods had broken. This is why I purchased because my other Doghouse blind had the same problem.	1
Love the cups but the lids are not functional. The lids do not snap shut. One of them just sits open and won't connect to snap shut at all.	2
You must read this book. It’s beautifully written and an easy read. It will give you insight into trauma, suffering, and resilience.	2
Broke first lap these are garbage I want my money back	1
very nice look and works well	2
Cute little bed it is cheap so you get what you paid for I just use it for my pig to sit in my lap with. I washed it and it did fall apart. Prob wouldn't pay more than 10 bucks for this if I saw it before buying it. I dont reccomend it for quality reasons	1
The insert is just cardboard and I ended up just taking it out. Hard to fit longer wrapping paper rolls in it, but it helps keep everything organized.	2
It didn't fit properly and I had to alter it for fit. After alterations it seems to work properly but I am very concerned about getting it back out at replacement time.	2
One of my charging cords didn't work and the other quit working after a few weeks. But they were cheap and long so I didn't expect much	1
Easy to follow and pretty simple ingredient list. Found it very useful for my needs. Great selection, and l love everything I've tried! I usually get annoyed with cookbooks because they have complicated ingredients or instructions, and I honestly despise cooking, but this has been really user friendly. Would definitely recommend!	2
I was really disappointed that its lowest lighting was still way to bright. I liked the idea of a 3 Way but still bottom level is to bright. I also found that it is pretty tall therefore making the lighting very direct where you position it. Not real sure I will get used to this and I bought one for each corner of the living room. 🤔	1
It did not fix the problem. I followed the instructions and even let it set for 36 hrs. The Oder is just as bad and the color of the water is just as bad. The other urinal does not have a problem.	1
Super cute. I’ve had mine for a few months now. It did fall apart very quickly but I just hot glued it back together & it’s been perfect since. Poor choice in glue used but still worth it for the owl piece.	2
The fabric got pilled on the first day of use. I washed gentle cycle and laid flat to dry, per the laundry instructions....picky, picky. I don't like when fabric pills up. It looks cheap.	2
The pieces do not resemble the picture. They are smaller and the color and design is not there, it appears to be from China.	1
ordered the PC version by mistake. Amazon wouldn't cancel the order. probably wont ever buy a product from amazon ever again.	1
I never write reviews but look at them for everything. This unit works perfect with SONOS and being able to run Apple TV, Fire Stick, or Cable to a 4K projector that does not have optical input. Took me awhile to find the right switch and this one does the trick. Full 5 channel surround and I confirmed my projector is running 4K.	2
Loved most of the set. The hole punches dulled very quickly so I investing in a hugh end punch. Everything else is working great.	2
Bought this for my husband who has alopecia in his eyebrows. He used it everyday for 2-3 months. It did nothing.	1
Meh. I don't like these. I had lansinoh ones a few years ago that were great, should have just spent the extra money to get those again. Description says you can use these in the microwave but the packaging says not to. I did try it for about 10 seconds and it sounded like popcorn. There's no vent or whatever the description says to "open" for use in the microwave. Ended up ok but you really do need to heat them up in hot water which is not convenient for me or any breastfeeding mom I know. They are not full of the beads. Maybe two of the compartments can be full at a time. Because of this, they are very flimsy and it's hard to keep the warm beads on the top of your breast if that's where you have a clog going on. Overall pretty disappointed.	1
The first set of walkie talkies one of them did not work at all then we return that set, got a new set, right after opening Christmas morning my daughter's turned them on and the one would not turn off, then even when you pulled the battery then put it back in it would turn back on, I would not recommend to anyone.	1
Easily loses its stickiness	1
Bit pricy but they are hard to find in the stores, good thing they dont charge shipping and they ship fast. Great quality!	2
I like how thin and sleek this case is without being slippery and easily fumbled. That being said, I dropped mine on a table and it cracked on the top right corner. Kind of bummed out about it breaking that easily.	1
Amazing for the price!	2
These products are good, exactly as described and even came with different grips for inside the ear. The only downfall is the earbuds i ordered were incorrect so i am at this time unable to officially use my straps. But so far they seem very good!!	2
the filaments burn out quickly, and start flickering with very little use. would not buy again.	1
I liked the product but legs are bit too small. The lace edging isn't as comfy as we'd hoped. If the legs were just a plain material they'd be great.	2
I didn't use it for a couple months, then when I was on a trip at the beach the moment I opened it to put my phone it, the plastic that locks the top ask keeps the water out broke. I was unable to use it and take the picture I wanted.	1
I had Movado watch for many years. This Movado bold came with the box with bit rough finish so I am bit anxious if it real or knockoff. The watch itself is nice looking though.	2
Great fragrance but isn’t for a young man. It smells more for a mature older man. I also received it quite late.	2
The beauty and quality of this puzzle is impressive. I am thankful for the extras, especially the poster, since I hope to complete the puzzle without using the letters on the back. I will be disappointed if all the pieces are not there, but it seems that the seller is very responsive to that issue. I expect to order another when I finish this one.	2
Ordered to be worn at work. Not the typical polo shirt, more like a t-shirt with a collar. The embroidery is well done, just a little disappointed is the overall material.	2
This product came, very clearly, with the package sliced open. It appeared to work properly, but someone obviously opened it and sent it back........so lucky me. I’ll leave it at 3 stars for now, since the product itself appears to work as advertised. Just not happy to get someone else’s reject.	2
Not sturdy enough for normal daily use. I went through 3 in the first two hours, as each came apart.	1
The time the package arrived	2
I purchased 5 different skinny syrups and not one is worth keeping. The smell of the syrups alone is a turn off but the flavors absolutely not palatable.	1
I did some research on the hula hoop products on Amazon and I am glad I came across this one. I have been getting back in to working out and I am happy that this came with core sliders as well as the hula hoop. I like the flexibility of having both, and having lots of fun using them together.	2
It's ok you can try it but it's not that good 😐	2
I absolutely loved this series of books. The show followed the books pretty closely. I would recommend this series to anyone who likes adventure and intrigue.	2
Maybe I just overlooked this, but an "ultimate" pen set would include gold and silver (or something resembling them). Otherwise, an ok set. Disappointed, though, when I got this out to journal in gold.😞	2
I really liked these at first. But the snaps have come apart. The padding shifts in the bras. And they don’t offer much support. The price is great but the quality isn’t.	2
I bought this to use on my postpartum belly and boobs for added moisture and to try to help return elasticity... however, I ALWAYS have to put cetaphil cream lotion on on top of this product because it just doesn’t stay hydrated with this product. I don’t know if it’s pure hyaluronic acid like it’s advertised...	1
The wood splintered and snagged the yarn. Not good quality.	1
Great Belt! Nice Presentation. Comes with a bag and a jeweler's box.	2
I really wanted to like these headphones, but they just didn't work for me. I don't notice much of a difference with the noise cancelling on or off, and audio isn't contained well - it can be heard whether you have them on your ears or on your desk. I have to have my music on very low volume to avoid it being disruptive in the office. It's just like having weak speakers on your ears.	2
I have misplaced my bracing brackets to secure the TV to the Echogear (c bracket and screws which go into tv). I’m curious if Echogear could send accessories or explain how I can order.	2
Good filters.I wish they were packaged individually, though. I bought a 2-pack, and they were wrapped together in thin plastic. It was difficult to preserve the flimsy wrapping in order to keep the second filter covered until needed. Since it will be weeks or months until I replace the first filter with the second one, it would have been nice if the second of the two filters were wrapped individually.That way, it would have been kept clean and protected until I was ready to change the filter again.	2
This has been great for my moods, love it's all natural!	2
Poor packaging. The globes had bubble wrap on the inside and outside but the rim was sitting on the arm of the globe holder. So chips and breaks were easy to happen, especially when coming by mail.	1
These were not my package. Wrong packages delivered	1
Good mag holder, but is a pain to adjust. And opening the belt clip feels impossible sometime. But it’s good quality and does it’s job. I use mine to hold my 1911 mags.	2
The color is very different when I open the package pattern is the same so a little bit disappointed that it looks really off color	1
Bought these for storing paint - worked great, and the labels were perfect to record the brands/colors.	2
Perfect for a backyard party, pretty & durable.	2
On top of it really doing nothing to scare away cats, it stopped functioning after 7 months. The solar panel began to bubble and cloud from being out in the sun. Cheap rechargeable batteries also need to be changed out. The device was NOT worth what i paid. I don't recommend	1
Love the color. Charges very quickly. Very well made!	2
I wasn’t expecting much for the price- but really like these! They are the typical cloth pop-up box material- so they aren’t super sturdy but hold up just fine. I do wish I would have gotten another color because I’m thinking the white will get dirty quickly- but didn’t think about that at the time of ordering.	2
The protection I think would be great on this case however you can't type very well with it. I guess if you needed to just have a waterproof case that didn't require to do anything but talk on the phone, this may be a good option. Was disappointed in the lack of quality in typing that could be done.	1
I did the same application process for each one and only 3 turned out with the correct effect. The ones that did work looked pretty cool. Too expensive for only 3 out 7 working.	1
The adhesive tape that holds the front camera came off. Cheap adhesive did not last more than a couple of months.	1
Does not fit properly. It’s too long when I put on my screen so some of my functions won’t work unless I push on it really hard	2
This charger is rough working, not really detailed. The magnet always does not work well :( It truly charged my macbook but so slow. It charged about 57% after one hour. I have to bring this to my office. Anyway, it is not heavy. Recommend to buy origin one from Apple.	1
OK but nothing particularly helpful.	2
The missing manual was missing. Was shipped the wrong item. Money was refunded quickly.	1
I was not disappointed with this first book about Shadow Landing!! Gavin and Ellery are such a sweet couple. I can't wait to learn more about the citizens of this small town. If you loved Keeneston, you will love Shadow Landing also. There were many references back to Keeneston and I am excited for the next book.	2
It was delivered on time and reached my expectations!!!	2
I got it for my new phone, it is petty good but it is a little hard it is not soft	2
Super inexpensive and great quality....Very happy with purchase.	2
The problem is that molded plastic is not a perfectly straight and critters can get their paws between the door and wall and open it when inside.	1
I don’t like the fact they don’t plug in good with my case, I had to spend another 10 dollars to get extensions just so I can use them	2
Unreliable video capture. I am a systems engineer and could not figure out how to get this device to reliably record video. Sometimes it did and sometimes it did not. The video was very dark and grainy. Sound recorded just fine when video was recorded. Also, when plugged into my laptop the video captured was upside down but this can be corrected with the video playback software; just another annoying feature. Recommend spend a little more for a better product.	1
Have not opened it. To big waiting for summer to put it outside	1
Bought for my 8 yr old son, so far he’s loving it! Learning to play in the schools Uke Troop	2
Dislike: little to change in reception.	1
Reasonable price, easy to set up, but gets terrible reception. I am only able to use this product 1/3 of the time, really disappointed	1
I probably should have read the description and measured out the dimension of the utility pouch before hand, but I figured it would be the size of a fist. Well, I was wrong. It's about the size of an iPad, albeit slightly smaller. I wanted to use it for my range belt, but when filled with medical supplies, it likes to wobble around. It's made of great quality and the zipper is amazing. Doesn't feel cheap or 'China' made. Has tons of room on the inside for everything imaginable. The velcro feels strong, so I don't expect it to wear out any soon. It's a great medical pouch, although a little chunky, it still gets the job done.	2
It was in original sleeve but not in good condition. There was actually a spot on one side that looked like paint but when I touched it it crumbled off, was dirt. Very scratched. For the price I paid, if I wanted that used of a record I'd have bought the cheapest used one. I should've taken a picture but was focused on getting it back in package. Was supposed to be a surprise present, and in that moment I was very disappointed and bothered.	1
Brown needs to be darker	2
They smell really bad.	1
Easy to install and they look great	2
They are hard to get on and off	1
Lightweight, poorly made, bad material. Overall bad.	1
Grew up on skates! In my 50's now and thought it would be cool to get a pair. They were totally affordable and cute- pretty comfortable, little stiff on top- think it will soften over time	2
It looks cool and feels sturdy, but that’s just about all I have good to say about the watch. There is too much going on on the watch face in my opinion, and they is no way to switch to 24 hour time. Also hard to read in any light, and when you hit the light button it lights up right in the middle of the watch face, so the middle is super easy to read, but the light fades out before it reaches the edges of the watch.	1
Very Pretty in Person, its fits as Expected to, and not so cheap looking. I Recommend this Dress.	2
Diffucult to set up and especially fold up, cannot recommend, returned	2
This screen protector was easy to apply, and I had it for a while. Unfortunately, I dropped my phone on the metro floor and the iPhone screen still shattered. The screen protector was okay, but not the screen.	1
It works. Provides power to my condenser mic, and allows me to record with no noticeable unwanted sounds. I knocked a star off because the XLR cable feels cheap, too light weight and a plastic-y sheath. The cable also didn't release easily from my mic (the female end). I've only used it a few times but nothing has broken yet. I have a little experience with sound equipment.	2
The own and off switch can't tell if it's on or off in	2
I bought this item and it fit great but there was a problem. There is fur/fleece or whatever warm goodness lining the inside of the shoe from top to toe BUT on the left shoe, the fur is not continuous so your toes feel a hard ridge area that is not covered and it is ANNOYING. It was so annoying I returned the first pair and specifically requested from an Amazon service rep to get a new pair without this problem. New pair came 2 days later and SAME problem but just a little less noticeable. I guess something is wrong when they produce the left pair of these shoes. Such a shame and really disappointed. Their well enough to keep because I need them for an upcoming trip but I am not super happy with them. I would've rather tried solving this issue with the seller but I didn't see a way to reach them.	2
I loved everything about the kneepads except, I cannot lengthen the velcro straps to fit around my calf	2
THis is a hard review because it is so pretty and I love the art and wool, but it is just flawed because the holes are way too far apart and so there was no way for me to get a good enough fit to use it as a belt. If you don't really need it to hold your pants up like i do and you can wear it loosely then it will work as a statement piece. it is gorgeous but didn't work for me because of the wide spaced holes.	2
Love the shoes. Very comfortable and easy to clean. Shoes do squeak.	2
Very good product just got it yesterday and went river rafting today 4 of July and and no issues kept the water out all buttons work perfectly....awesome product!	2
Elegantly written but I just couldn't connect with the story, too much weight/emphasis on insta-love.	2
nice set for the money - pretty good for cooking	2
The product itself is a lifesaver. I used to buy the little tubes of Kraft cheese powder because their Mac was never cheesy enough for me. They stopped making those. So I did some searching and found this product. Does the same thing. Has a higher tendency to clump, but that's nothing that can't be worked out. HOWEVER This low rating is due to how it is shipped. This is now the second time I have ordered this volume, and the second time the bag has been busted by the time it is delivered. There is loose cheese powder all over the inside of the box and outside of the bag. There was no padding, the box could have easily fit two of these bags, there should have been some form of padding. Paper, bubbles, something.	1
Will not play says it's prohibited by my area	1
Hi I really like your product but the thing is when I am going to use it and leave the house for my week end vacation the handle got broke..I didn’t even left the house yet.. here is the picture of my bad.	1
Just nice to have when it's cold out. Immediate warmth and it stays that way.	2
The fastest charger I've ever bought!!	2
Good, decent quality for an every day cloth napkin. Soft and absorbent.	2
The cable that I received does not work.	1
Thick, well made fall/winter tights. Good value for price. I’m replacing a previous well loved set. They lasted 3years. Recommended!	2
The remote arrived promptly. However, all of its functions don't work. Primarily, it is incapable of adjusting the volume on my Vizio tv. Very disappointing.	1
The case too tight even with my thin cover on the laptop... Cant use it now.	1
The flex feature makes it not work on round posts. I don't use it. Level works better.	1
I have had this since I received my kindle. It has only been 6 mos and my kindle is either on my bedside table or in my bag. I have never dropped it, nor have I hit it against anything. Much to my surprise, the top corners of the plastic surround holding the kindle in place started chipping. There are now chunks of plastic missing from both corners and I had to purchase a new case since I was afraid my kindle would fall out.	1
They sent me mostly blue and white knobs. So I ordered a second time because it was less hassle than waiting for a refund etc etc. The second order was 50% blue and white. It was a bummer, but I didn't get enough colorful ones to finish the project I was working on. I'm just stuck with 25 blue and white knobs.	2
A little small for a placemat and more of an orange-pink than baby pink.	2
I measured myself per the sizing guide and when this arrived it fit way too large. No compression. I returned.	1
I thought this movie was going to have a scary demon in it. I mean, look at the title and the title picture. However, most of the movie is of this poor girl in a closet. And the end... Really? There was about 6 minutes of supernatural. Waste of time...	1
These shoes would be alright but they seem to lack cushion in the toe area. I've noticed a lot of forward foot pain since I started wearing them. Now I switch back and forth from these to another pair in order to avoid major foot pain.	2
length of the legs where about 4" too long, so I did a return and will go to Walmart instead.	1
Breaks very easily. We’ve been through 2 in a few weeks.	2
This ran way too small. I wore it a couple times and then gave it away.	1
Just as described. Easy to install. Merely screwed easily into threads. Scope was purchased in 2017. Highly recommend even though very pricey.	2
works great just like new	2
Had this product 6 months and the sensor is located in a shaded area and not in direct sunlight. The trend has been that it is accurate in cold weather but not at all accurate in hot weather. The warmer it get the more inaccurate it becomes and will be as much as 10 degrees off from official local temperatures. For instance at 85 degrees it will read 94 degrees. For a product at this price point one would expect better performance!. Based upon my experience I cannot recommend this product!	1
I WAS PUMPING MY DAUGHTER'S VOLLEYBALL UP AND AT ABOUT 2/3 FULL THE PUMP STARTED MAKING A WEIRD NOISE THAT THEN GOT LOUDER AND LOUDER, THEN STOPPED PUMPING AIR.	1
Good feel, great quality overall, only 2 buttons feel cheap	2
A typical Apple Watch charger will have your watch fully charged in ~1 hour. However, this little dude charges about 10% per hour. I don't know if my piece was defective, since many people seem to be happy with it. But to me, this is trash.	1
I got stuck with these because I missed the return window. Unfortunately what attracted me to these shoes is that they came in a women's size 12. But for those of you with Size 12 - do not order. They will be too small! and they don't have an 12.5. From my experience, most manufacturers make their size 12's slightly larger - not for Columbia however. too bad. they are cute and constructed well	1
The packaging was all mushed up and the fit on the cap was off, so I figured it was fake. I wasn't surprised when the fragrance was way off and the smell doesn't last long at all. Do not buy this product.	1
Super cute and comfortable!	2
Won't adhere as advertised.	1
Cute but very stiff and cheap quality, however it was very inexpensive	2
The product looks like the picture. What I didn’t realize is that there is no easy clip on the front like there normally is on nursing bras. There’s just a regular bra clip like you would see on a normal bra which makes it very hard to put back into place when in a hurry or in while nursing in the dark. The product is good quality would just recommend that nursing clips be placed on the front for ease of use	2
The bag doesn’t closed.	2
This was a good buy but stained easily. A water stain would stay printed on it. Cute for one use only.	2
Cleaned grout in bathroom - amazing results!	2
Well it’s looks and feels okay but it most certainly does not have 4 pockets that’s a lie it has 3 so that’s pretty messed up to say it has 4 when it’s only 3 the fabric is super stiff hopefully after washing it will be better	1
Very bad quality, did not roll my grape leaves good, I had owned one in the past but it was a much better quality than this, end up rolling by hands	1
This is great for small pets but to warm for my little 5 pound terrier mix.	2
I was a little worried because they didn't expand as much as I wanted, but it was nothing adding more water couldn't solve.	2
Works as advertised. No complaints	2
It’s relatively small. I wasn’t expecting some huge grinder or anything, but I was still a little disappointed when I saw how small it was. I always like to store a little extra inside but instead I found myself grinding a lot. But for someone whose looking for a first grinder or something, this will definitely work. It’s a little difficult to clean, but again, no big deal. Overall it’s a good project.	2
It is exactly what I was looking for. It is perfect for my little girl. She was so excited to get it. It is made very well and so soft. Perfect for cuddles.	2
Similar to other mineral sunscreens I've used, but tends to separate in the bottle and comes out with some oily liquid despite shaking well. Otherwise works well, not overly thick and is easy enough to rub in on babies skin. Gave good coverage for a full day in the sun without reapplying.	2
I bought this product for when I’m on vacation and away from home. With it being small it is very discreet and easy to tuck away. The one thing I was not 100% satisfied with was the app. It works decently but I feel it could be more user friendly/easier to use. Every once in a while I struggle to check it while away from home because it isn’t saved as yours. It is easiest accessed when on the same WiFi network, otherwise you have to put in much information to find your camera. Overall it is a really nice thing to have in my home because it gives me peace of mind.	2
One of the lace is broken, not light up at all. They should be great gift for my boy, but the broken lace mess up everything, my song not happy for that, and keep asking me to fix it before he wants to try them up.	1
Rabbit opener stop working after six months	1
Nothing really does it all.	2
The quality of these socks is nice but the sizes and cut are a mixture. Some of them are nice but some of them are smaller and lower cut at the back of the heal which kind of defeats the purpose of this style of sock. I ordered two packages of these and both of them had a mix in them. I ended up giving half of them to my daughter who wears a size 8 shoe. My size 9.5 feet didn't work with several of the pairs.	2
I bought two sim cards to travel to UK and Spain. Works with our unlock phones perfectly.	2
It was okay. Not something I usually read	2
I should have known by the price that the sound wasn't going to be that good, but it is a cheap speaker. For some people this might be good enough sound, but I wanted something better and ended up paying $10 more to get the doss box which looks and sounds a lot better than this. It worked ok, but the sound wasnt that great. If you can't afford $10 more than yes go for this but otherwise just invest your money into something a little more that is leaps better quality.	2
The picture makes it appear as if Elmo stands up. He does NOT. It's deceiving..	1
Horrible product, stopped working all four colors ran out after 200 pages. That is ridiculous.	1
Only took 3 weeks to arrive. Had them on the car for 1 month so far no issues.	1
I bought this for my brother in memory care and he lives it! It looks so much like a real cat sitting on his lap. It's so velvety to touch. It seems to bring him comfort and he talks to it like it was real!	2
I bought this ink for my printer at work. I go through a lot so I was looking for a good deal. I was worried at first that it wouldn’t last as long or be as vibrant as higher priced ink. Boy was I wrong! Win win	2
We adjusted it to the tallest it could be and it is still a long way down( I'm 5'6", not that tall). My OT did not like the height and said that the built in seat in my shower was better. But, the quality is good and it was was easy to put together.	1
I wish I had this when I started the remodeling job instead of towards the end.... very handy one handed saw	2
The scent is more masculine. The product wasnt what I expected.	2
Rated for 50,000 hours entire rope went out not even close to 10,000 hours. The cord completely fried. Company won't even respond, starting to re-think buying things like this on amazon. No protection for the customer buying faulty items.	1
It's a plain and simple baseball. Works well with my 31" bat for any newbies out there. Great for practice. However, the ball gets dirty easily with any terrain that's not a baseball field. Should be fine for any type of player.	2
I was running low on storage on my laptop I use for business. Also, I had a need to boot multiple operating systems. I keep this plugged in all the time. I can store files on it and I have Linux installed on a second partition. I would like higher capacity devices in this form factor.	2
Bought these to replace in my smoke detectors. Two weeks after installing 2 of the batteries died.	1
This came in damaged probably from shipping, but it is a beautiful jewelry box. Although I returned it, I ordered straight from the Lenox website. I had to pay a little more but then I had the option to personalize it. Came in beautiful. Great looking jewelry box!	2
Cute book but it was delivered with scratches/marks on the cover. Made it look used and cheap. Great idea though...	2
Before buying this book I read a ton of these reviews and was actually concerned that I might also be too set in my ways to be able to learn and grow from reading it. Thank goodness I'm not, but that in no way means I'm cured. As the book basically says, it takes a constant life-long effort to not contribute to the race problem in the US. The book is very thorough about setting expectations and about defining racism, bigotry, prejudice, etc. The vast majority of the negative reviews and complaints about the book are from people who somehow misunderstood what the book is about or who somehow missed reading the thorough definitions and expectation-setting in the book. I definitely think this book is worth reading.	2
I got these pens and that don't write and so that was a waste of money!!!!	1
It's nice until it's all relaxed & won't stay up to hold the phone!	2
I have only read two of your books, but they are great!! Well worth 5+ points. Excited to read more. Keep them coming.	2
We ordered black and got white which is normally not that big of a deal, but this item is a PAIN to haul to the UPS store to return. Not only that, but the corners were chipped and strips of wood were peeled off along the sides. I really wanted this to work, but it is not very good quality.	1
Watch adding songs, make sure they are mp3 not mp3 or they do not load on the player	1
I order 3 different types of Dove chocolates. All were melted and deformed when delivered. This may not be due to the vendor, but due to the shipment itself. Since the chocolates are individually wrapped in foil, they were rendered too messy to attempt to unwrap.	1
I didn’t like the bulk feeling and how the corners stick out.	1
My husband likes these insoles. They are padded, without making the shoe too tight.	2
I thought this would help me give my husband back rubs but it hurts my hands more and I can’t feel how much pressure I’m using while trying to rubs the knots out of his back. Maybe if I bought it to use on myself I’d feel better about this but for using on someone else it was a wasted purchase. Hurts my wrists to use it.	1
Falls off easily... truly waste of money...	1
I got it for my kid thinking that it would be great for him at daycare however it is useless and sitting in the cabinet for a while now. The worst part its spout. Thats the very important thing that manufacturer never thought of. The spout is in rectangular shape. When you sip something you dont make your lips rectangular to fit in that spout!!!! Naturally your lips curl to be round. Its so hard to sip through it even for me! How would my kid would sip from this rectangular spout!!!! Ugh. DO NOT BUY! ITS NOT COMFORTABLE AT ALL	1
Foam all smashed...will not protect camera. The other items seem nice. Will return due to smashed foam.	1
We really enjoy this game, it’s great for when you have people over	2
Nice stroller but kinda cheaply made with the zipper. Dont think it will last long.	2
I love the weight of these and will use this kind from now on.	2
Great item. Price is right! Just exactly what I needed!!! Super cute	2
My cats love when I put these gloves on. When they haven't been brushed in a while it takes sheets of hair off them, but sometimes it's just a few hairs and they are harder to remove from the gloves. Overall a good purchase.	2
Out of a box of 4 charging cables, none of them would charge my Motorola g6, which they are advertised to be compatible with.	1
I love everything about the hair	2
Easy set up, sound is great, just need to see how long they play without issues (no worries).	2
Daughter likes them but very cheaply made	1
My hamster loves it, but there were a couple of pieces that came broken that I had to glue back together	2
These display modules are bright and readable. I used one for an esp8266 based weather station display. You don't have to use the touch screen or sd card functionality if you don't need any of those functions. For my purposes, just display over SPI is fine, and this module works great for that. The header pins are already pre-soldered on, so less work to get started prototyping with jumpers. Overall, it's a fantastic little touch screen / display for Arduino or Raspberry Pi projects.	2
Not at all, I never got anything from Asurion. Can you please do something about it,thanks. Worst experience ever.	1
This has saved me so much time when cleaning my 30 gallon turtle tank. Doing this job by hand took so much effort and time. Now within 15 minutes this hose cleans out much of the waste without removing any items. This way I can keep the tank fresh on a daily level and do not have to completely clean out as often.	2
DO NOT HOOK UP With THE 5G NETWORK ON YOUR ROUTER! Does it say nowhere in the instructions or by the ESL guy on their help line. And the instructions, bringing you back and forth from the Zmodo app to your phone setup are crazy. So, two days later, I’m hooked up. Will let you know how it all works later.	1
Did an office door and side window it looks bth aesthetically pleasing and professional! Easy install!	2
Second pair of decoratively Classics 76 I've purchased and both have been under powered...kicking myself for missing the return window.	1
The thermometer takes a while to read your temp and has no back light. Not an easy thermometer to use first thing the morning in the dark.	1
It took me 15 min just to try and get it on bc there is no give too it... had to sit on floor while my husband had to pull it off me bc i couldnt get it to budge thought i was going to have to cut it off...bought the S-M im 140lbs i wear a small/ medium in clothes.	1
It was good until I found out Amazon doesn't sell the filters for it anymore available threw a third party but im nnot paying extra for shipment	1
Very cute and good quality	2
Seriously someone needs to change the pictures of this product. It shows a dual cavity 320 grail R.E.A.L. bullet, the description reads one 320 grain bullet and one round ball and that's what you get.	1
The clips that hold the pokes together are flimsy and cheap! It's impossible to work with Amazon to get a replacement part! I'll have to try direct to the vendor!	1
So far these are great, sure helpful for my lazy kids, so we can get out the door and arrive on time. Kids love the colors too.	2
Don’t buy it I am very disappointed I received today and I find that the glasses have two big scratches not good quality at all I don’t suggest any body buy from them	1
It’s a good size. Phone cc wallet and keys fit nicely. Great color. Leather looks cheap and the zipper comes off the track. But you get what you pay for. It’s good value for the price	2
The gate looks nice and pulls out easily, however it makes a very loud clicking noise as the gate retracts back in. Not ideal for a room where you are hoping to keep a sleeping child.	1
Nothing like it looks on pictures	1
I ordered white and got stainless steel.	2
I give this an 3 out of five stars because the overall design and weight of the hand piece is very nice and it’s great for traveling but as a Professional Nail tech for 10 years I think this drill is for beginners not doing a lot of acrylics per day. The knob came of second day of use and continues to come off when applying any pressure (minimal) at low speed bit tend to catch in acrylics!! Not good! I found that when you use speeds above 7 it does not do this. Also found that it tends to loose a little power at times don’t know if my cord to the hand piece is faulty? I do like that it stays charged for at least two to three days before needing another charge.Would I buy this again no I wouldn’t.	2
This tempered glass sucks its made so it only sticks through the edges of the screen not the full stickiness like others that cover the entire screen and are easily applicable. you have to press the screen a bit hard to just do your daily things on the phone with this thing on the phone yeah it sucks....	1
Delivery and product arrived as expected.	2
I bought this game as it is supposed to be an N64 classic, but all this game does is frustrate you to the point where physically cannot play it anymore. Absolutely the worst game I've ever played in my life. If you like to have fun playing your games don't buy this piece of garbage even used for 5 bucks. The controls are horrendous even for its time, the story is jumbled and not explained well at all, you will fail missions out of nowhere near the end of them so often that you will want to punch a wall, there are no health packs and even on the easiest difficulty a few shots will kill you, and the graphics are average at best. This is by far the worst supposed classic game I've ever played and I'm mad at myself for even buying a cheap good condition used copy.	1
It’s too big and not as cozy as I hoped. The string on the inseams is coming out. I’m not happy with the quality and size. I’m 5’2” and 116 pounds.	1
Well worth the money!	2
The left earbud also chips out at random times, even when I'm being sedentary. That being said, these are not terrible earphones. The small size makes them very portable.	2
I can’t believe it’s been this long since I got my necklace and it stil in great shape .. I shower ... I swim ... I workout with it and it’s in great condition.. love it highly recommended	2
A little short for my long torso	2
it was not a genuine FORD product which I like to use....but as I am selling the truck it will do	2
Cute board but the markers do not show up at all. Pretty much useless without working markers!	1
Very nice looking filter for a tank. I use it for my slider turtle. He doesn't lay on it but it gives a nice look to the tank while keeping the tank cleaned. Instead of replacing the filter I clean it out a few times before replacing every time. I am very pleased with the purchase.	2
Absolutely terrible. Started skimming once I got about 2/3 of the way through. I kept hoping there would be a good resolution or possibly the plot would take some kind of mystery conspiracy route, but it was just predictable and boring.	1
I thought these would be a great alternative to the disposable nursing pads after I read some reviews. I found they never fit right and made my shirts look odd. They are great to wear at night as they are very absorbent but I wasn’t able to wear them out of the house.	1
The brass of the frame was thinner than I expected. It looks much more bold in the pics. There was also a scuff on the mirror which caused me to return it. It’s an ok mirror, but not what I was looking for.	2
Squeaky, the arms were a B to secure, and it gets pretty uncomfortable after a while	2
They’re very soft and easily smear on contact, unlike the packaging claims.	1
This is highly recommended by avian veterinarians and is the only pelleted food I have fed my parrots for many years. The ingredients are high quality and it is so nutritious that I am pretty sure a human could survive well on it! Yes, it is a bit pricey but it does last a long time.	2
Cute but didn’t last very long at all	2
This sheet fit my queen mattress perfectly. It was a so happy as it is hard to find just a fitted bottom sheet.	2
Sometimes the pictures show, sometimes they don’t. It’s hard to pay the high price for this film when only 1/2 of them show up.	2
It was to small. And arrived late. Leaving me with an unfinished product that was needed for a very important event.	1
Leaves a weird grainy residue	2
I don't think this stuff is the original/actual product.... it had a weird white coloring in it and everytime I used it I broke out with acne !! The original I bought in store did NOT make me break out. I'm scared what was actually in this!	1
Love this shirt, but the belt loops are a bit high. I can't use them at all because it keeps my arms from moving. I just tie the belt on, but the shirt slips through and I am constantly adjusting. It's annoying, but I still love the shirt so I have it 4 stars.	2
Too big for my fireplace, looks very fake.	1
I have returned mine as the image resolution is not that good and field of view is very limited. the Flir generated much better images. Will probably buy the Flir, its more expensive but worth it.	1
Bought for grandson’s birthday. The protective film on the sticky side was already gone so it will not stick at all. Going to glue it on since he is autistic and returning will create a complete melt down. Total junk!	1
I bought the black ones, the stars are a bit more faded that the ones on the picture. They are ok.	2
This bag is not a big inside or flexible as my PacSafe of the similar size. I had a hard time fitting normal travel necessities in it and was constantly having to cram. This would be better as a little day around the city bag, but not for serious travel. It also picked up every little speck of dust, fuzz, & lint. I couldn’t keep it looking clean or black the entire trip	2
This was a fantastic debut novel. Very well written, developed characters, and a complex plot based on an extraordinary period in American history: the 1920s, right after women got the right to vote and prohibition was ongoing. I felt the ending had some missed opportunities, and got a bit convoluted, but still satisfying. I’ll be happy to read more from this author. I can only imagine what more experience will do to her clear writing skills.	2
The trash can looks good but the AC adapter doesnt fit. How do i contact customer service	1
Do not buy. Cut very small.	1
This is a good idea but its a cheap set so it doesn't hold up very well. The sponge part frays which is not safe for aquarium life if they swallow it and the other pieces are not as commonly used for aquarium cleaning so it may not be worth it for most. I would suggest buying individual pieces that you need at a better quality level.	2
Not impressed.. save your money	2
I got this because my husband always leaves the closet door open. Our closet is in the bathroom so I don't want humidity in there and decided to buy this. My only issue is that it doesn't actually close the door to the point of latching. It does keep it closed, just not all the way.	2
Extremely simple to set up and place in house. I have a large house and half my house had a weak to no internet reception. It fixed that issue well and easily. Now even the most remote part of my house has good connectivity. perfect range and perfect speed. easy to set up.	2
Extremely cute shoes kind of a soft velvety-suede fabric. I normally wear between a 7-8, but the eights or only if the shoe size is a lot smaller I average of 7 1/2. Which I bought, I think going to a size 8 would’ve been better because there a slight bit too small ( which you can see when I have my foot turned sideways in the photo in the white part that’s where my big toe slightly scrunched up) I am hoping if I wear them while sitting down they’ll stretch out a little bit.	2
Will not stay on the faucet. I give it 0 stars.	1
Like the shoes because the were exactly what I wanted.	2
This is such a great size for taking with you on the go. Watch movies and videos....read books. It’s light weight and easy to hold on to.	2
The holder came with all the parts, but NO INSTRUCTIONS!	1
Really good , tasty, great price, fast delivery.	2
Keeps my nightstand more organized and I’m no longer hunting for my cords!	2
I wear a size 18/20 woman's t-shirt, blouse, etc. Sometimes they call this a 1X . So I ordered a XXL to be sure it would fit. I could barely get this t-shirt over my head and on. Once it was on I could barely breath. The quality & printing on the shirt are GREAT. If they let me return these I am going to order (4) XXXXL to replace them that's how impressed I was the quality.	1
lasted just over a month before it just says plugged in, not charging. I just purchased it and cant return it because its been longer than thirty days. will not be buying this brand again	1
Great dress with pockets!	2
Mill it in my Vita-Mix. Bread is fantastic!	2
I liked this series but with each book the writing gets poorer and the plot has no mystery to it.	1
You have to be very particular with how the cover folds over in order for it to feel secure. otherwise its pretty good for the price.	2
The slim 3.5 male connector is perfect for connecting to my iPad/phone with a hard case and plugging it to a mixer for live shows. I noticed the sleeve was not tight and started to unscrew itself from the tip and caused scratches to the cable. Screwing it back on was no problem by hand. Great sound quality cable to have in my toolbox!	2
Love this product great paranormal suspense book with amazing depth. Love the characters, the storyline highs and lows how it always keeps you wanting to know what's coming next! I would've given a full five stars if had been a series book that that went on to tell the story of other characters in more books as I want to know them however what I did get was an unexpected gripping can't be put down story!	2
Very cute - I wish there was an option to pick two different colors on the buy one get one, but I do have two girls so getting two black worked out. These are well made headbands. My girls have been wearing them 3-4 times a week for a couple months	2
I ordered it on November 1 2017 But I never installed it because I'm a full time student and didn't had time. Yesterday I had some problem with my neighbor so I decided to install it. Now when I tooked the camera outside the box I noticed that the antenna is not even connected to the unit itself. Super disappointed.	2
Little heart logos on the pants not visible in the preview photos look tacky in real life. Would have definitely played a role in my decision to purchase these scrubs.	2
Poor quality. Had to make your own slits for the seat belts and almost impossible to put on back seats due to having to remove the back seat. Would not buy	1
Theses work great! I bought these to light the mailbox for parties at our house so people would know where to turn into the driveway. The other option was run 100 foot extension cord, and that would have gotten in the way of mowing. These provide decent light considering they are solar. The light they emit is more in the blue spectrum than the warm white spectrum. There are several different flashing settings or solid on. I have no clue how long they last, but they out of juice when we wake up the next day when they are left on the flashing setting. But before we go to bed they have generally been on about 4 hours, so they get at least that for us. Neither set has had any problems yet. Very Happy	2
I am very satisfied with this product.it is so comfortable and well made,I believe it will last long in my shoes.	2
Loved this chair the first month then it wouldnt stay elevated and then it would lean to a side. Now its completely broken and I bought it in November. No way contact seller. I'm extremely disappointed. Btw I'm 6'2 and 240 lbs.	1
worked well for about 9 or 10 months then the cable stopped fast charging.	2
I was really excited for this product and did my research but it doesn’t quite work for me. I drive a Ford Focus and the cover is baggy. It doesn’t fly off since it is hooked on my tires but doesn’t lay snug on the windshield. This allows snow/ice to build up between the cover and windshield. It might work for a larger car but isn’t great for mine which is a bummer. I like that it covers the passenger/driver side windows and mirrors.	2
This case is great as a minimalistic case, but that's about where it ends. The leather does not feel authentic, and scratches very easily. The case itself feels incredibly brittle, and my phone was unable to securely stay in the case. If this was priced at half of what it costs, I would have been less likely to return it.	1
I use some of these brushes but the bigger brushes are compact and not too bendable. The shadow brushes are great. The sponge is really soft but a different material than a regular sponge..	2
Both blades broke within a month	1
Fine for my short term need. Not for a professional landscaper but at the very reasonable price I was satisfied.	2
I like it because it's looks like a real high chair and I don't like like it because it's to small and the screw's stripped out easy and the measurements are way off	1
These balls will rid your drying clothes of wrinkles and when used with the scented oil they make your whole load smell fresh and clean. I would definitely but this again.	2
Dog never touched them besides the initial "OK I take it because you force it". Wasted expense. But it depends on a dog .	1
Got these for a gift for my daughter as she steals mine that I have in a different color. I have been a Sanuk fan for years.	2
Just opened the box and the seam has a tear in it. Am returning and hoping the next one is better	1
The blade on this cutter doesn’t seem to slice through the whole pill and ends up cutting unevenly. Wouldn’t purchase again.	1
THINKING OF RETURNING THIS	1
It feels like it’s a bit too big but it’s never slipped off my feet. The shoes are pretty light. I just wish that it came in more solid colors.	2
Exactly what I was looking for mounted perfectly to my fridge	2
This was a total waste of money. The olive oil comes out in a stream not a mist.	1
I recommend that you buy such a product from a company specializing in them.	1
The bolts do not line up well to set the engine on and the powder coat paint was so thick that we had to get some of the the paint off for the bolts to fit correctly.	2
Quality seems fine, but barely big enough for my big wrists. I didn’t even think to check sizing, so that’s my fault.	2
This is what happened after the first day of wearing these gloves. I know you get what you pay for, but it shouldn’t tear apart on the second day!	1
Better quality than expected and it’s beautiful! I used spray foam to place it in a large pot and then added dirt to the top.	2
To dry not easy to chew taste bad product.	1
I love these seat protectors.. easy to install and makes the inside of my car look great. I would recommend these to everyone.	2
I've had this for a year now. It is still working, but there are issues. The USB ports all work, if you push hard and don't touch it. The light in the switch flickers like a candle. The cable is good and thick, but the plug end is huge and oddly angled so it only fits with a small plug in the other socket. In general, buy if you must or if it's on sale, otherwise look for something a bit higher quality.	2
Jacket looks and fits well. However, the down does come out quite easily. I still would buy this for the price though.	2
I loved the fact that this comes with a template to line up the glass on the phone surface. With those curved edges it's really hard to get it right. This was the easiest and most straightforward application I have ever used.	2
Very cute but does not provide much support.	2
After 3 weeks of use the pattern on the band began to fade to white. After 5 weeks the cutout that holds the vivofit jr in place ripped. I contacted the seller - he honored the warranty and refunded my money.	1
The bits are ok they tend to bend or strip really easy even knowing I'm using it with a 12v drill and the lowest torque and that is 1 about 1lbs	1
I love this wallet. It has plenty of slots for club cards and credit cards, and I use one zipper pocket for cash and one for coins.	2
I only gave this 3 starts because.........I bought 2 of these. One worked fine and I like being able to power the Fire Stick from the UBS port right off the TV. However, the second one did not work. Must have been a problem with it's power supply because it constantly turned on and off.	2
I ordered this for my 2year old nephew that’s about to start head start soon and he loves it.	2
Got this for my teenage grandson to hold his sporting equipment. Well constructed and good size.	2
Holds a lot of weight.	2
Decided to return it within 30 min after unpacking it. The overall impression is that this projector is not as good as many previous reviews suggested. The fan is pretty loud. The image quality became worse after applying the keystone correction, so I decided to return.	1
Wow wow. I can't believe I waited this long to try it. Dawson's Hot Sauce Sichuan Ghost Pepper arrived yesterday and I couldn't wait to try. This morning had it with eggs and it is so GOOOOOD. The color gave me an impression it would be mustardy but it's not. It's pretty spicy but in a very pleasant way after all it has ghost peppers. Usually not a big fan of Sichuan peppercorn but it's nice in this sauce; citrusy and refreshing. Wil buy another for sure.	2
Our co uses these all the time but first time ordering from Flora Guard. First 3 plastic rings broke when inserting into bags very cheap and brittle plastic. Hope the bags hold up better (2 stars for hoping). Will go back to the other supplier	1
I bought this for my son 2 years ago and he still sleeps with it and plays with it all the time. It has held up very well! I would definitely recommend Olaf.	2
This table has some wobble after setup, slightly disappointed in this purchase but overall the table is usable for light duty applications	2
I went to assemble the only part needed to make it “stand”, the pegs, and the base immediately fell apart. I tried the next board (there are 2) & was super gentle: fell apart & isn’t worth your $20.	1
The product I received suspiciously resembles a photo another reviewer posted. I like to think experiences like this are a one-off, and give the seller the benefit of the doubt. I ordered three items each from different sellers, all of which were delivered in the same box (which is to say, I don’t think the original seller packaged the product). All three items were floating loose in the box (no bubble wrap or cushion). This could be why it was damaged. Or, either someone at Amazon (who I presume is storing the seller’s product) or the original seller is fine with selling a known-damaged item. I hope that is not the case. Maybe that one shadow color is more likely to break? In any event, I was looking forward to using this kit and am disappointed I will not be able to. Fortunately, Amazon has fantastic customer service and has allowed me to return the defective item promptly.	1
One of them doesn't charge. I think the charging panel is defective. It won't turn on when it gets dark, and it won't turn off when it's light out. I put in a new battery and it works, but won't charge, so useless.	1
Arrived damaged/leaking bottle inside box. Unable to return. Unhappy with this waste of money.	1
Fast shipping, great price. I was happy with the quality of the case. I would buy again.	2
Where’s the mango flavor? Been buying this for quite some time and no flavor anymore I have found a much better tea from another company. Yes I have used a lot of sugar and it still has no flavor	1
This is one of those products you don’t realize you need until you stop and think about just how dirty your phone or tablet get over time. The single-use individual packets make it easy to keep the cleanser on hand at home or on the go. More convenient and a better option than the alternatives. Overall, a good product for the money.	2
It was popping out of the envelope	2
A little disappointed with this bag. Did not hold very many toys & everything fell out of the bag very easily.	2
Very cheaply made. However it is also inexpensive. I added a wood base and it works great. So would recommend if you are will to can make a few changes.	2
Incredible. Simply incredible the amount of "O.G. - ness" this rubber bumper back stop thing added to my homemade craps table. I love it	2
20 yrs ago if you put flex conditioner on your hair you could smell it in the next room. It smelled so good. This is not the same as the original. The texture is thinner than original also. I was disappointed	1
Hello Amazon shoppers. I purchased this book and so far so good. I'm just in the beginning of the book and I will update this as time goes on but I like the stories and it's actually not that hard to start doing what he is promoting. You just have to start and you can, trust me.	2
I bought a new IPhone 11, and ordered this case before purchasing the phone, so it would be protected before I left the store. I added tempered glass screen protectors to the front and back of the phone, without removing the plastic screen protectors that were attached to the case, and the case still fit perfectly. I feel like my new phone is well protected.	2
I love the color and style but was very disappointed in the product being as lightweight as it is. It slips off the bed at night.	2
Sent me a religious poster instead of what I paid for!	1
I bought this mirror for my husband to put in his 379 Peterbilt tractor trailer. He loves it!	2
WAY shorter than the pictures... almost comically short. I bought it in a pinch of time for my daughter for a wedding and it's just not what I thought. Also... if you do order, Order up a size or two. Really cute print tho. The pockets are at a strange height too, too low.	1
Purchased the black comforter. It’s not as fluffy as it appears in the picture. But overall happy with the product. It’s warm and soft. I have washed it a couple times and had no issue..washed on delicate.	2
Do not order from this company. Got this today. It was just sloppy, thrown a bag. It’s missing the handle and door compartment on top. Now I have to take the time to go ship it back and currently have no utensil compartment.	1
With spring in the air, I can begin to feel that upcoming swell of pollen. For me, I 'take a hit' of simple saline at the first sign of trouble. The result has been avoiding major issues and in the event I'm a bit late, recovering faster. I use it for both colds and allergies, so a 3-pack coming in at a slightly reduced price was a nice find. Love the large size bottles.	2
its a pretty cell, but the camera is no good, and i have it just for 8 months and its dead,suddenly turn off and no charging, nothing. never drop in case all the time perfect condition o guess you get what you pay for. looking for looks this is your phone looking for a good phone dont buy.	1
Looks nice and worked well until I had to take it off, all the prongs that hold the pieces together snapped off on the whole right side, so it doesn't hold together on that side anymore. If you don't ever need to take the case off it wouldn't be a problem.	2
I’ve returned and ordered this record 3 times and each time it’s been completely scratched throughout every song, 3 separate records. I’m very upset at the quality because this is one of my favorite movies and the soundtrack is amazing but every time I’ve ordered the record it’s been scratched and the center sticker on the records is cracked like they’ve been played already	1
Did not fit well. Too snug and straps a little long. Returned as they were not going to work.	1
Piece of shit. nothing like the original proto pipe wished I could get refund but already used it	1
Great hooks for plastic worm fishing.	2
I had to return, it did not adjusted well to the bottle..	1
Good story, beautiful imagery, personally found the novel to feel VERY slow.	2
Terrible i wouldnt recommend this to anyone it showed up 4 days later than expected then showed up beat to f%&k im not going to even rate this one 1 star worst experience through amazon ever	1
Pretty good. You can't put shelves right next to each other which is annoying. But easy to put together.	2
This hat is awesome. Fits and looks good. Super happy	2
I purchased this salt back in September 2017. Seemed fine. Now that I'm getting closer to the bottom of the bag my food is seeming terribly sandy! It had ruined several of my family's meals before I realized what was going on. Very disappointed now. I guess I'll use the rest for bath salts. 🙄	2
I have 2 cats and both of them look at this toy and walk away. I'm sorry I spent $10 on it.	1
If you’re looking for a wig that looks real I do not recommend this wig. It’s nice for a Halloween costume but that’s really all it’s good for.	1
Amazing sound, holds its own against my ue megaboom!	2
Used it as Christmas gifts and they loved them.	2
I use it in my hair growth oil. Strong smell. Good for a diy cleaning product as well.	2
looked forward to having this for 2 reasons. 1 It would be comfortable while resting on long drives. 2 just as important, as it is advertised to have a pocket to hold items (glasses phone) Guess what not happy no pocket as advertised. However I will say it is a comfortable and looks good	1
AMBER CROWN FLEA COLLAR SUCKS... IT DOESN'T WORK AS ADVERTISED. JUST AN OVER PRICED COLLAR THAT DOES NOTHING.	1
I did not order this Do do this again!	1
This is the worst scale I've ever owned. I can step on the scale without clothes and then again fully clothed and weigh the exact same thing. It's almost like this scale remembers your last weight and if it's close, just displays the same thing over and over. Other scales I've had in the past are so accurate that you can literally see an ounce difference when you add or remove weight. DO NOT buy this thing if you are weighing in daily or keeping close track of your weight. All it is good for is a generalized number and is definitely not accurate!	1
Constantly disconnects from phone causes it to vibrate thus killing battery life. Looks good feels good. The heart variability is basically bpm and it's right on the mark. Tested at a hospital, it's very accurate.	2
So I don’t understand why these don’t work as well as the original filter. The airflow is so great but it works so well that it gets dirty too fast and then the vacuum loses suction in like 2 minutes of using the vacuum. I have to clean it so often it takes forever to get the house vacuumed. Maybe I’ll give it more stars if I can figure out how to stop this from happening.	2
The remote is horrible. It needs to be pointed almost directly at the box to work. As a result I have only been using this for game systems that I switch between rarely, and pushing the buttons on the box itself to switch. PIP shows black boxes if nothing is connected. Can't move the boxes around, they're also smaller than expected. The feature is nearly useless Also, this may not be a defect with the product, but my LG tv doesn't recognize it as an active input. It works as long as I manually switch to that input, but it seems weird to me that this happens at all.	1
I am not convinced that it is natural. I compared it to my current canned Wet Cat Food. Also, I read the ingredients and it has a whole list of ingredients that does not seem to be natural ingredients.	2
I do not think the sizing chart is correct. I ordered a M Male T-shirt and it is only 15.5 inches wide. Not 20 inches wide as stated. Had same problem with the S version ordered.	1
I love this case. I purchased the black case with the pink flower. Figured the black wouldn't show much dirt from me touching my phone ten thousand times a day. The pink looks good on the black. I love how the pattern is also on the inside of the case instead of just a solid color. I don't put my cards or cash in it because I always have a mini heart attack when my debit card is not in my wallet. Kickstand ability works great for watching movies. Only bad thing about it is I haven't had it very long approx 3 months and it is starting to show some fading along the edges....you get what you pay for. Price is decent so I will probably still purchase it again. There is no problem using the edge feature on the phone with this case and the buttons are really sleek on this case.. barely raised, I really like that. I get a lot of compliments on it. Overall its a cute case that does what it's suppose to	2
The ear hole could be bigger and I needed more support. Plus the whole pillow is polyester on the outside, it was too hot. Had a sleepless night, ended up returning.	1
Good watch at good price.	2
The words look gold in the picture but they are really more yellow and the material is cheap. It’s not good quality at all. Glad it’s not the only birthday outfit I ordered for my daughter.	1
I must have misread the description as I thought it was metal instead of plastic. I was going to use it to scoop ashes out of my wood stove but that would be impossible with plastic. Besides it was too big for our stove. I imagine it is good enough for some uses but it wasn't for mine. I need to read the description more carefully next time.	2
This is a beautiful hammock and very sturdy...but it's too long. I saw the 13 feet after I ordered it and hoped for the best but unfortunately, it was way too long for our area. I have the hammock/stand combo by the same company and I need the exact same hammock but I'm having the hardest time finding it. Everywhere I check does not have the hammock in that size without a stand. This is super frustrating..thus the 4 star. The product ID's are always the same so it's a bit misleading. If you think you're getting the same one that comes with the stand, think again. If you're looking for a super long amazing hammock then this is perfect.	2
Good stand, had to cut it down to fit a kids bike.	2
Was great till is totally stopped working after 11months of use	1
The package on the actual item was damaged, incomplete and open. not the envelope!!!	1
Great deal. Low price and has everything you need. Bought this as a gift for my niece when she was starting middle school. It's easy to set up parental controls from google families. Also, its's a dual SIM phone. I'm even considering getting one for myself.	2
The rose gold starts to rub off with in a week of using it...	1
Very beautiful set! Using these for my first apartment.	2
Unfortunately it was not as sturdy as we would have liked. Will be sending this back.	1
I always enjoy books by Jana DeLeon; she’s one of My favorite authors.. It been fun to watch the characters grow in this series.	2
It is extremely well written and I thoroughly enjoyed it.	2
It's so cute! And comfortable. It's kinda if small on my chest but I'm a 34DDD so its not the suits fault. I'm buying another to wear on honeymoon.	2
These are amazing! I love love love heels but hate how some of them are on my poor feet by the end of the day. I've tried so many heel inserts in the past and none of them seem to do the job right. But these actually worked! They went in easy, stayed in place, and I was finally able to wear my favorite pair all day without any issues. I will be buying more.	2
Use for primary drive, plenty of storage to start with. First non-mechanical drive, awesome speed.	2
Packed with loads of information for someone wanting to learn more about sake. I found it easy to follow and understand due to my background in brewing which leads me to my main point which is that I was looking for a book more into the technical aspects of brewing sake which this book briefly touched on.	2
The same day I got the screen and I replaced my cracked with it and I noticed it didn’t come with an ear speaker or front camera so I had to replace those which was fine and after the process was complete until the next afternoon when the touch screen completely stopped responding	1
Broke just shy of a year. The prongs that slide into the vent snapped. Until that though we used it in 2 cars w 2 different phones no issues.	1
Vacuum cleaners are supposed to last years. I took a chance to buy this as a refurbished unit. It lasted just over a year. VM Innovations said sorry to hear that. Save you self the time and aggravation. do not buy refurbished from this company.	1
Parts of this book made me really, really, REALLY mad! I wanted to reach in and strangle characters and shake some sense into them. To me that is the sign of a good author because they made me feel that much emotion over their characters.	2
Nice material. I took size L. Usually I wear EU size 44 or UK size 16. I could take XL just to be extra comfortable, but no big deal. If you have bigger thighs and hips, you should go one size up. Well made, straight seams. Good purchase, I reccomend the seller.	2
Very cute. Can be used for kids or adults. Happy customer!	2
Very pleased with product. Delivered quickly.	2
Two of the packages had holes in them and leaked all over the place. Obviously I can’t use them as it wouldn’t be safe. These were not cheap and I feel like I just wasted money.	1
Awful quality, fell a apart some of the stitching. Returned it for refund but no refund or replacement yet	1
Very narrow, to put any refuse into it you basically have to fight the elastic opening.	1
Unbelievable packaging. The product is missing the bottom plate that covers the batteries, no packing slip, nothing. Very disappointing and it sounds muffled when it repeats you, no matter what.	1
Great product, worked great with my hammock on a 2 night backpacking trip. Great quality, best fly for the price	2
I had to assemble my easel using zip ties because it was missing bolts. It’s usable, but I’m disappointed and concerned about the stability since I wasn’t able to secure the tray with the bolt that was needed.	1
Item is good, but one of the three pump tops was damaged when it arrived. The 3-pack was shipped in an envelope instead of a box. I'd like to request a new pump top be sent, at which point I am happy to post 5-stars for the item.	2
I love the basket itself but the mounth will not hold it up on the bars. I have tightened them down as far as i can without breaking the plastic and the basket still slowly droops down until it is rubbing on my front tire. I was so excited about this basket but now it just sits on a shelf and can't be used.	1
These are great little magnets.	2
It was way smaller then I thought.. I'll have to move the thing 110 time to do what I want to do with it. Was hoping was twice the size at it was.. But built to last is a plus I guess	1
Very sticky, not like gummies, took 4 days more from arriving day	2
It was a quick read book, didn't want to put down. I wish they would have inserted the excerpts I to the book and not at the end. Otherwise it was a good book, not great, just goodd	2
I did not receive the clip on alarm.	1
lights up when power goes out to help you find it. strong beam and lasts a long time.	2
The fabric is too stiff. I like my PJs to be soft and warm. These are not.	2
I like the color of this cute case, it’s soft not really hard, so it won’t scratch my phone, also easy to put in.	2
price was great, bought it twice, very uneven results over two seasons, inconsistent blade growth on second batch...	1
As others have stated, the male connection would not fit SunJoe hoses. The company sent me another one which had the same issue. After explaining to the company that the female adapter would not thread on the male one, they worked with their supplier to fix the problem. They sent me a photo of the parts threaded together before they shipped (from China) so I was reasonably confident that the would work when I received them. In a couple of weeks they showed up and they work fine, no leaks.	2
I use this product for strengthening my upper back and arms. I only use the heavy band and it works well. I doubt I’ll use the other two weaker strengths.	2
They broke first wear	1
I should have ordered these silicone baking mats a LONG time ago! I was using parchment paper and it was very frustrating working with the paper trying to get cookies off the cookie sheet, the paper would slip slide every which way causing me to mess up more cookies than I needed to. These don't slip! Great product!	2
Fits too small and the material breaks easily	1
Doesn’t fit Ruger PCC with optic as detailed. Even without optic the fit would be extremely tight. Will have to look at next size up. Quality construction so would be a great bag for equipment that fits	1
Arrived on time, my Honda GCV160 has never ran better. Fixed my lawnmower without breaking the bank.	2
The ink is ok. Still having problems with the print.	2
Didn't work. Had to return.	1
Many of these are the same, but they’re healthy plants, they look nice.	2
Broken buttons when received	1
I ordered this item and never received it 😑	1
These almost always work, and are well worth the price for the clothing they've protected. Unfortunately there have been a few items that bled and this didn't catch the dye. Overall I still like and use them, though.	2
These are actually really nice shoes for kids.	2
It was a great price but you can get waaayy better ones for a few extra bucks. It supplies minimal support and you have to adjust the splint quite often.I use it when I plan on moving around a lot because its less restricted than other braces.	2
The front band was very noticeable when walking. Good support.	1
A very nice crystal for charging my bracelets and stones.	2
This a great spray bottle. The price was awesome for two. I use it everyday to moisturize my hair. Love it. Gave the second one to my aunt. She loves it. Simple design, great quality.	2
Not at all as advertised. Will let the gr.grandkids play with it.	1
did not do anything for me	1
Worked well at first, but 4 months later it’s toasting just one side. It’s used often, but It should last longer that.	1
I wanted to like these ice cube trays, but found it way too difficult to get the ice released without running the back of the trays under hot water. Additionally, you need to fill the individual cubes to the very top with water in order to get a full sized ice cube. Trays filled to the top tend to spill, even with the lids on. I did like the lids for stacking, but will be giving these trays away. Ordered old school plastic ice cube trays and they work much better!	1
The tale gives good basic structure, but the characters show little depth. I never did get really involved with any of the characters. There were no solid relationships. I was amazed when the book simply ended.	2
Horrible !! It came broken and tried to contact the company and there is no way to contact them !! I’m super upset this was a birthday present for my husband. I’m so very upset	1
nice camera for the price	2
I often work from home often and my desk is not setup correctly for my laptop so that I have to constantly lower my neck to work. Was told by a coworker to get this one to increase the hight so my eyes will be leveled with pc. So far works well and neck not hurting much. Wish knew earlier.	2
It only worked for a week.	1
I must admit, I was skeptical at first. The only reason i tried this product was because a celebrity I follow on Instagram uses it. As a backup, I purchased some regular deodorant. Surprisingly, my body adjusted to it immediately. No sweat! I also purchased some salt bars and they work as well. Something so simple as salt works just as well as brand products and is a whole lot better for my body. I'm not going to use anything else.	2
Was not as described	1
Love the product. Only complaint was not much in the bottle.	2
Very disappointed when it arrived without proper packaging. The candy wrap was opened, the box was crushed. Not sure it’s safe to eat because the seal was broken - and there are no returns.	1
I enjoyed this authors writing, his characters are interesting and the book moves along nicely. Look forward the the next story.	2
Great and super cute!	2
The first time after I dropped it the corner cracked right by camera now moisture get by the lense and stays in there:/ and all my chargers don't fit in the port	1
My girlfriend seems to love this stuff. I tried it and it just smelled and looked like runny orange juice.	2
This wig is really ok but not for me.	2
Beautiful but very thin	2
Durable for my calm Shih Tzu	2
I purchased a NEW lock. Product came opened and USED. Wear markings onthe lock as well.	1
Both filters wrong,one was to big and one mounted wrong.HAD TO GET ONES FROM PARTS STORE TO GET CUSTOMERS TRUCK GOING pump fit like it should,unhappy with this.	1
We received a pretty badly damaged product, but the seller was very responsive and handled our issue almost immediately. It's a great cage for the price if you receive one that isn't damaged. I was pretty disappointed at first but after the way they handled the situation I would definitely do business with them in the future!	2
My favorite hairspray.	2
did not reflect as expected.	2
For this being a drug store concealer it does a good job. It doesn't crease or settle into lines. Super easy to use.	2
they are made very good,easy to un-do	2
Guess they would be okay if you wore them barefoot, but they are too bulky for shoes. They wrap around your foot and Velcro on the top of your foot. Very awkward. I returned them.	1
Not worth it as the stains don’t go out easily	1
Very happy with this purchase -- easy to clean and best of all my fussy cat uses it and loves it. He didn't like the other fountain that I had and would paw it and go away -- so this is a winner.	2
Horrible.I was so excited when I got this eyeliner until I opened it,the brush part is super stiff but I figured I'd give it a try and nope it's like trying to put on eyeliner with a toothpick. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.	1
I should have read the reviews before purchasing. Anyone that knows anything about cats knows that cats HATE the sound of velcro. While my cat doesn’t mind being in this he freaks out when it’s removed from the loud sound. Update: My cat escaped from this holster. Waste of money.	1
I like the quality of the cover and how easy it was to install. Also it’s very cute.	2
Was sick of buying iphone wires this is great had a few months	2
Perfect fit our small kitchen and sturdy, each shelf holds up to 60 pounds and total max load weight is 240 pounds, that help to keep my small kitchen organized very well. I like the 4 omnidirectional caster wheels that make it can be easily moved and kept in place. Deep Mesh baskets- Keep items from falling out. Great product.	2
I love nag Champa but all of the scents smelled exactly the same. Still smelled good though.	1
Way too small, I couldn’t believe it was an XL when I took them out of the package and they definitely were not to say the least. Highly disappointed.	1
Not worth your time it is to short and clogged way to easily.	1
There was nothing in the package upon delivery! I want a full refund!	1
The quality is not top-notch but otherwise it functions well. It is pretty bright. It was very easy for my husband to install as well.	2
Just received my hair combed and I have to say that my expectations were high and I have to say they were met! This comb works like a charm thank you for creating this!	2
Excellent packaging, cant wait to see them bloom!	2
It is a good purse but i am going to order a larger size.	2
This is definitely extra big. I wear a 7 7/8, and this is a nice fit. Most other hats that claim to fit all are always way too tight	2
Color is unnatural and faded quickly	1
Great 360 camera for my Essential phone	2
Didn’t like how it played	1
My daughter loves it. That's one of her favorite toy now.	2
They fit great. Feel great. But I was sent the wrong colors. Sent the light color package, not the darker.	1
Ready for my 3 kids back to school. So powerful and quick ! Work great !	2
Cute picture and roomy bag, but it literally STINKS! It smells like tires.	1
Product came with only 62 games, I contact the seller to fix that problem but he never believe me, he always insist that the device has more that 500 games, very bad seller to work with , I am contacting amazon costumer service to get my money back and let them know about this seller.	1
Unit arrived missing key mounting screw to electrical box. Wiring is challenging as you should only briefly turn on first mounting braket in order to feed the wires through. Then tighten up the main mounting bracket. Be very careful when installing fan blades as washers were stuck to paint and had to be peeled causing some deep searching in carpet for flying item. Once assembled a quite and petite unit	2
9 months later still never recieved this. At no fault to the company btw. Amazon lost the order and no one will remedy this.	1
The anchor was rustic and fit in with what I wanted to do. The quality is marginal.	2
I have used many types of blister first aid over the years. This one works very well. Only caveat is that it’s so sticky, you have to get it on right the first time or you might have to try again with a new one. At least one of the other brands of similar items in the past would fall apart from my weight. These are quite durable!	2
It is the old style wall plate, my household has the newer one piece plug, and does not fit properly. Check your plug configuration before you purchase. Hopeful that it would work great idea.	1
Very good product to remove mucus and the material is great it doesn't hurt the baby nose.	2
1 of the 2 cords crapped out within 2 days.	1
I'm 5'6 135 athletic build. I wear a size 6 or a medium usually, and I ordered a large in this after seeing reviews. It runs small, so size up. I definitely have room in it, but wouldn't want it much smaller as a romper. It doesn't have any stretch. It is super cute on, so it will be something I'll wear frequently, dressing up or down!	2
This ink gets everywhere. Definitely do this lettering on a surface meant for crafting	1
My son loves this nightlight. The light is a calm yellow tone, and very relaxing.	2
Socks are thick and warm. My daughter is able to run around the house without slipping. Because the socks are thick, my daughter is unable to wear her shoes with these socks. So she only wears them around the house.	2
never came it said it did but didn't	1
I replaced standard poop bags with these, and didn't really notice much of a difference. They were about double what I normally pay for poop bags, and the scenting was only really noticeable if I stuck my nose into the bag --- which I don't plan on doing. I won't be buying these again, just because I don't see the value.	2
These are clearly advertised as white but instead they are blue (as you can see from the picture as it sits next to actual white items). What a scam!!!	1
I bought daylight white but they sent me warm white. Pretty disappointed but I don't feel like sending them back. Haven't tried them yet.	2
There was no depth to the characters or to the plot. It was a true cozy mystery with no graphic violence or sexual scenes and no coarse language. Sadly, it was just not well written.	1
This thing is useless in a semi-automatic...does not chamber correctly and does not allow the slide to into battery.	1
You get what you pay for	1
I was intrigued by this device, but once it is plugged in the USB drive, it bends, and when you try to attach cables to it, it bends and loses contact. Not worth it.	1
Don't waste your money. We built raised beds last spring and used this liner to use grow bags in them. This stuff shrank big time, is warped looking now and will not lay flat again. Very disappointed that I will have to remove it and replace it, costing me more money and time for repairs.	1
was skeptical after readying reviews. quickly saw exactly what they meant and deleted the app	1
So often, the size is too small to be comfortable during exercise. They don't fit the sizes given in their information. i'm just donating these because I am sick of getting things to small and it's a pain to keep returning them.	1
they look good will have to see how they work.	2
They did not help me.	1
Used outside with wreaths....was good quality...thick.	2
Great product for tracking my fitness. I am a girl who want to keep fit, I like do sport, running, summing, walking and so on. I used to judge my exercise only by feeling, but now I can know how much I exercise exactly. It can tell me how many steps I walked, how much calories I burned and how long I have walked.	2
Made nice. I thought it would be larger.	2
It does what it says it would do but leaves just a slight bump above belly, feels like I could have gone down a size but not too sure due to the slight lump above belly button	2
It isn't comfortable to use folded back. It didn't stay up to watch videos. I ordered another case for it.	2
The light was very dimmed.	2
Exactly as described. High quality.	2
Holds very well and looks cute.	2
Completely satisfied for practicing. Set up was cumbersome and the paper stuck to the red target otherwise... it holds its own and does what it’s supposed to. I bought this for my dad and set it up for him. Now he can practice in the garage or yard (I tested it for a while too)!	2
My son loves the Incredible Hulk and we can never find toys so I was very excited to receive this one as a gift for my son. After much pushing and shoving, I still haven’t been able to get the hulk into the car. It’s like it was engineered to be too small for the figure. The hulk figurine is fun but my son was pretty upset that he couldn’t actually use the figure and vehicle together. Maybe one of the other figures will fit...?	1
I had to return the items as they'll get me ticketed. You can't cover your plates in NYC.	1
The book was good but I did not know I was reading a miniseries I did not like the way it you had to buy the series	1
I only received one chapstick! Where is the other 11 chapsticks.	1
I love it just need to order screen protector shields	2
I threw them away once contaminated by a dead or pooping mouse but they look cleanable.	2
I purchased this as a gift for my husband.	2
Excellent and fast growing! Very healthy.	2
two of the balloons had holes in them upon arrival	1
Purchased this to use on a painful, swollen knee. Used it in conjunction with NSAID & a knee brace. The hemp oil did nothing to help the pain. I’m giving 2 stars because it was very hydrating.	1
Perfect outdoor mat! Love the design and durability.	2
The chair did not have any assembling instructions and no hardware to put together. I saw several comments on how easy it was to assemble, however, it’s hard to try when instructions and parts are not included.	1
This is MAGIC! With the snow melting and the ground becoming soft, this is my new favorite 'accessory'! It's as simple as dipping the dog's paws in 2-3 times each (or as many as you'd like) to remove the mud/dirt and the bristles inside are soft and do not irritate the dog's paws. It's so much easier to wipe his feet dry instead of trying to wipe all the mud off each time he comes inside. I highly recommend this product.	2
I was really excited to get so many resistance levels with this pack, but the Light resistance band began tearing only after 4 uses.	1
It fits the phone really nicely and its very slim. The only problems Im having with this case is that it occasionally starts and stops charging while connected to a lightning cord and that its not properly playing my music while having the Apple earbuds connected.	2
Just couldn't get into this book. I generally enjoy her books very much so must have been the wrong time to read it. I'll pick it up some day and zip right through it.....just not now.	2
I ordered Body Wash and received Olive oil Shampoo. How do I return it? I still want my Body Wash!!!	1
I had high hopes for this power bank, and for the most part, it delivers as promised. I like the built in cables and my Google Pixel 2 phone has a USB C connector (conveniently one of the cables). Unfortunately the attached USB C cable does not charge the phone using Power Delivery (PD) which is what I wanted. The only way to charge via PD is to plug your own USB C to USB C cable into one of the outlets on the side, which also serves as the quick charge port for the power bank itself. For this reason I docked this review one star, but it really should be only 1/2 star. To be fair, this shortfall was disclosed in the question and answer section in the description, but until I re-read it, I thought it meant that PD was only delivered from the USB C cable, not the port. I was going to return the device, but determined that the convenience of the permanently attached cables countered this 'problem'. Even using non-PD power the Pixel charges pretty fast.	2
Case quality is a little lacking, cutouts still have rough edges. The card pocket is peeling off. The idea behind the case is good.	2
Too much of one color I would like other colors like 2 of each color	2
just as described. good quality	2
Got this for the holidays and it does not even pair with my phone. I have a Google pixel which is a lot more efficient than any iPhone I've owned. Can't even return it now. Waste	1
This battery is wasted money. It wouldn't even turn over my bike, the voltage drops to about 7 volts when you put a load on it. To add insult to injury, Powersports Depot wouldn't pay return shipping.	1
Thoroughly enjoyed this story about a mystery involving the Navajo. The characters are interesting as we're the cultural insights. Learned a bit and was entertained.	2
Great little cup holder for my bike handlebar! Would work great on a stroller handle too. Doesn’t hold “giant” cups though, more like water bottle size.	2
It zippers which is very nice.	2
They are very thin, have absolutely no shape and fit the bed poorly. The elastic band fittings on the corners are of poor quality and will likely break after a few washes. I would not purchase them again.	1
Very poor quality. There was Glue on the top of Clover. Clover is very easy to scratch. I do not recommend for this price.	1
Almost clear, Hardly any color at all. Comes off pretty well with regular remover.	2
Screen protector doesn't fill screen. Also edge's crack very easily. I always try leave a fair review but I wouldn't recommend these due to craftsmanship and durability. While the seller sent me a replacement I was still disappointed..	1
The front protector was missing 😕 and that is the specific reason I chose this case...	2
Don't waste your money, this doesn't hold magnetic eyelashes. Guess it needs to be a lot stronger magnetically to hold on lashes.	1
I really love this rug however, even small water spills will stain. Also, it's tough to clean since it's very heavy and lots of sand collects beneath it. Do not use a vacuum over the rug, it will start to tear up. I normally use the vacuum attachment and go over the rug inch by inch. We will probably get 1-2 years of use from it and will need to buy a new one.	2
good sock for the money.	2
The case itself seems to be fairly well made and durable. The materials are not expensive but not overly cheap either. My biggest problem is that the box it came in had clearly already been used. It was torn, taped up, scuffed and dented, and there was no outer box. Just some packing slips taped to the Glenor box. Absolutely no way I'd give this as a gift in its current state.	2
Arrived as promised. Looks like good quality. Will wear it next week to work.	2
Got twisted a lot and wasn't properly untangling the leashes. It broke after about one month of having the leash and I almost lost my dog. Total waste of money, do not purchase.	1
.Good quality we're definitely buy from the seller I received it very quickly I would definitely order again from this company	2
no way to mound it... do not recommend it	1
I like the fact that this copy was organized in separate plastic bags by Flavour. Many of the packages we have ordered have not been organized that way. The problem is that the flavors do not taste like their names. Most of them are very bitter. I order a lot of coffee online and this selection is the least flavorful. I have not tried any of their flavored coffee that tasted like it's name except the caramel, but even that had an unpleasant aftertaste. With each cup I sampled at the bottom of the cup was a lot sludge and the aftertaste was not good. I will not purchase this selection again.	1
The parts work and fit Perfectly, i noticed that i can open my nutribullet easier now, the old part was dirty, with this new part is easy to clean it because of the design, these are keeping my morning smoothing chugging along with a clean blade each day	2
Not a good book. No real story, jumps around all over the place. I kept thinking it would get better but it doesn't	1
These are nice. They look just like the photos. The only issue I have with this is that the wind can blow it away. I have to razor / cut a slit on the hanging decor so that the wind doesn't blow it off the door. Because these are so lightweight, I have to staple / tape the bottom against the door. It is a bit of a pain point with the extra work to hang these. Other than that, it is good quality.	2
Does everything they say it does. It’s just great!	2
ordered for my inlaws, not what they expected, but made it work. Great transaction and service.	2
It is what it is. Product came a week later and dinged up. Contemplating sending it back.	1
Love it, it really makes the interior in my 2012 impala stand out. It s easy to do but it does take some time to make it look perfect.	2
The thumb screw would not screw into the unit because there were no threads in the unit. It still fit into the CD slot fine and seems to hold tight. I will thread the hole in holder myself just incase I need to use it later.	2
Love this product! Three glasses of varying magnification that fit into one hand-held holder. The LED light is an added plus.	2
Solid scrapper. Well made. Happy with this product. High recommended.	2
SMALL FITTING. VERY CHEAP MATERIAL	2
It works well with elbow grease.	2
These are super cute but SO UNCOMFORTABLE. Added an insole for foot & arch support, and heel cushions, AND moleskin around the insides to prevent rubbing and they're just awful. Could have spent the same amount on a pair of true converse and been better off. Would return but I've done too much to them at this point that I'm just considering it an all-around loss.	1
My dogs chew on them without any complain, so I am guessing taste is kind of good. I can't say for sure if there is significant improvement on the muscle mass, 'cause we dont go overboard with special diet or crazy exercise or anything like that, we are not looking to create "super creatures" we have normal life, dogs look healthy and there is no change of temper. I will keep buying this as any other vit.	2
I love this color and softness. Couldn't find them available in the stores but I can count on Amazon every time	2
I feel there are better options	2
I really recommend this toy! My kids really enjoyed it 😍 good quality and details	2
Too tight around the neck. My baby hated it because it’s so tight around the neck that when he tried to put his hands up, it ends up chocking him. If the size is bigger it’s worse because the extra fabric can cover nose and mouth when pushed up.	1
Bought this for my sister. Has had trouble connecting it to her Samsung S5. She contacted the company a couple of times and have offered solutions, but still has issues, but for the price, my sister seems happy with it.	2
I cherished everything about these books, they have unraveled numerous inquiries that were befuddling me, truly opened up my mine	2
Garbage! Complete Garbage ! Machine died on me after only two months of use. Do not buy!	1
This was displayed as a Funko Pop with the photos and description. It is not a Funko Pop! Beware	1
Only RFID Blocking Card that works for me. Tried a lot before but this is the only legit one. I recommend this to people who wants a peace of mind while walking down the streets. It's all for your safety as well as your money.	2
Have a few different kinds and these are the best for the price	2
Somedays she likes, other days, not so, cuz she is spoilt, but does like the pounce around.	2
This product never arrived.	1
Product is fine -- no problems.	2
Well, first off, had issues from the get go. Listed at "Prime" and took over a week to receive! They fit perfect on my '15 Pathfinder, however, I've only had them installed for a little a week and they are starting to rust (see pics). I know and understand that this will eventually happen, but in a week?! Frustrating. On the fence if I would buy this brand again. If you're not a picky type, then yes, this product is for you!	2
If you have any power it will fall apart fast...I used to have the older version of this for years. But these newer ones are just falling apart. Doesn't stay locked and foam is just falling apart. Very disappointed.. I feel like this is my worst purchase so far on Amazon.. Sadly won't be ordering anymore everlasting if this is the quality I'll receive.	1
No other all natural protein on the market compares.	2
Only some of these kept air. The kids enjoyed them, but thankfully we ordered extra to make up for the ones that were not useable.	2
Fits my 1986 K5 Blazer. Expect a lot of careful cutting with a dremel. The closer you are to the template, the better. I'm giving this two stars because the support bracket *is* flimsy plastic. I like many others I really wish it was still metal... they even "embossed" the metal look into the plastic which raises some eyebrows about Metra's honesty. There aren't many other options, at minimum this will guide you in cutting the DIN opening, and maybe fabricating the metal support bracket. The plastic works for a digital media radio... but I wouldn't trust it with a full CD player or anything long/heavy	1
I receive the printer cartridges, installed them and printed out four photos. And then I got an alert that two of the three cartridges were low on ink. What a waste of money. Won’t buy from you again.	1
As described. Works great.	2
The bulb works well in the closet, however of the two I ordered one was crushed and the other was bent. This was in a larger order box, and they were clearly packed that way as opposed to damaged while shipping. Even with a bent base, one works, making this an odd mix of lower quality metal and durable construction. The working bulb has been functional in the kid's closet, sparing us the family stress of asking him to turn the lights on and off.	2
Love the detail on these but only giving it 3 stars because the press to release button kept getting stuck and i had to use a toothpick to carefully remove the fondant snowflakes.	2
I was so impressed when my faucet arrived and I took it out of the box! It was very easy to install and the sleek design goes perfectly with any kitchen style. The spray nozzle is very easy to use, I really love it!!	2
I ordered the package of large white and black tees. Great quality with a little stretch. I needed the white for a project and it fit well. After I finished my project with the white, I went to do the same with the black. It was a SMALL. Now I can’t return since I altered the white. And I couldn’t see a way to contact the seller. Will definitely buy again and hope the packaging is correct.	1
Bright light. Love the brilliant white light it puts off and is cool to the touch. It comes with the hardware to hang it too. It also has a nice feature where you can plug them in to each other to make a row of light. Very nice. The cord could be a little longer but for my application it was just right!	2
THis really cuts down the volume of the cello.	2
After receiving this item, I selected English as the language, and then plugged it in to charge overnight. When I came back in the morning, it was in Chinese - And now I can't get it back to English. Any suggestions? I'll revise my review if someone out there can help me...	1
It was a really nice dress, but the fit was too small.	2
Color was different from photo. Had to return.	1
I ordered this puzzle in October of 2017 and finally had time to sit down and do it. I was so excited until I realized it came missing pieces. I planned to put it up in our house, but now I can’t. Amazon tried to help me, but due to how long ago I ordered there wasn’t much they could do. SO DISAPPOINTED with my purchase.	1
we like them, very good!	2
These are awful, pointless, and waste of time and money. I have gone through 4 in a week and a half, 2 of which were actually on. First off, they are not easy to put on. First time, I threw away 1 before I was able to figure out how it works due to lack of instructions. All you get is referred to a video that wasnt helpful. Finally got the 2nd one on and felt it was good. No visible bubbles. 2 days later it was peeling back. Tried again, same thing, first one was just figuring out how to get them on, threw it away because you pretty much have to touch it and I was worried it wouldn't stay stuck, again. On the 2nd try, 4th screen protector, it was perfect. Didnt touch it and no bubbles. The screen protector didnt even make it though the weekend before it reached the point shown in the picture. It cant protect your watch if they are only half attached. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME!	1
Love this product however was disappointed when I opened the box and one of the bottles had emptied into the plastic wrap and was almost completely empty. What a mess having to clean up and what a waste of product.	2
They are great and exactly what you get in stores.	2
Keeps getting better. Love the characters in her story.each book can be separately or read the whole series. You will not be disappointed.	2
Out of the 8 , 1 didnt work.	2
Looks very cheap. Smudges easily, dents and dings show up instantly, has a cheap shine, and does not resemble photo well. I had high hopes, but ended up having to buy the more expensive ones. Additionally, these are the same size as the normal plastic ones, which was an advantage for one outlet that was too close to the tile -- the only outlet that I used it in. You get what you pay for, and if you want your outlets to look classy, this will not suffice, I assure you!	1
Way sharper than my other ones I have. Great product	2
The seams pull at the shoulders- see photos	1
Loaded game in console and performed updates. Game will not launch on my Xbox One. Very disappointing as brand new. Game does not start. Reset Xbox, turned it on and off.....same result. No game play.	1
Ordered this for my son away at school and he loved it. Plenty of snacks for him and his friends to munch on!!	2
I was sceptical that it would relieve pain I had in my knee when exercising. However it worked perfectly and I now use it whenever cycling or walking distance. The velcro is extensive and it is well made. Looks like it should last some time.	2
Huge space! Removable top shelf is great! Packed all baby picnic in it	2
Upon unboxing and turning the blanket on, the controller melted and nearly started a fire in our nursery. The room now smells like burnt plastic. Obviously would not reccomend and suggest folks are careful with this throw.	1
Very informative. Useful, easy to follow steps. Great for parents and kids with any level of worry.	2
Never received the product despite providing the correct delivery address and name. Likely, this was a an issue with the postal company. Unfortunately, however, the merchant was not willing to send it to a second address provided. This being the case, I requested a refund. I was disappointed to only receive a partial refund. The merchant refunded me $11 of the $17 I was charged due to amazon and shipping fees the merchant reports incurring. $6 isn’t very much, but it’s quite the bummer to have “lost” this money for a product that was not received.	1
I thought out of all the knives I've purchased that this was my favorite. Unfortunately the blade snapped off the Handle when I threw it in a tree. I guess it's just not battle ready lol. Looks great on a wall though. Ps. I throw all my knives.	1
Holds Stinger DS LED nicely. Can be difficult to draw the light because of the rubber grip. I prefer this over the giant oversized holders.	2
Storage capacity is great! Very well built, seems to be durable overall. The only problem was that it has missing one of the end cap bolt, so I had to go and buy one.	2
These were ordered for my daughter, she loves them! No complaints yet!	2
My wife and I bought this to replace our cheapo Vizio soundbar that has been dying. This Polk bar offered similar features to the Vizio one we bought, but also includes a built-in Alexa. 300$ was a bit much for a soundbar but the Alexa made us think it would be worth the price. We were wrong. The first thing we noticed was the bar was noticeably thicker and longer than our Vizio, and we had to move our TV around to fit it on the stand. Also the subwoofer was awkwardly cone-shaped and felt like cheap plastic. The box contains generously both an HDMI cord and an optical audio cord, which is nice. We connected the bar and followed the instructions for the initial setup. Turns out you need to download a mobile app to setup the Polk, separate to the standard Alexa app we already used. After downloading the app, we of course now need to create a Polk account to sign in. I reluctantly performed all this hoping it was just for a first time setup, but unfortunately I could not find a way to use the Polk Alexa from the Alexa app. The Polk app itself is fairly barren compared to the Alexa app. We completed the setup, and the TV finds the soundbar pretty quickly through the CEC, which is great. But then we notice just how LOUD Alexa is, much louder than the show we were testing the volume with. The Alexa voice does NOT have a separate volume control anywhere, and will always be louder than the TV output. So if we are sitting at the ideal volume for our show, and then ask Alexa to turn off the lights, she will SHOUT back at us. This is a feature that the Polk app desperately needed. One of the features we tested with the Polk Alexa was to have it play Spotify, which it did like we wanted. But when we told it to stop, it would not automatically resume playing TV sound. After fumbling with voice commands for 5-10 minutes, we had to use the remote to force it back to TV HDMI input. We dug through the rather small manual trying to find the appropriate voice command, only to eventually find it on the Polk app of all places, hidden under some menus. The phrase was something like "Alexa, set input to TV" and if you said anything less than exactly that phrase, Alexa would refuse. Normally Alexa allows for some flexibility in the way you issue commands, so this was frustrating to remember exactly how to phrase it. Regarding the sound quality itself, we were extremely disappointed. So disappointed that we decided to stay with our dying Vizio for a while longer than suffer using the Polk. Our bedroom is probably considered medium-sized, comfortable but not huge. At first I said to my wife "The sound doesn't seem much different than the TV speakers", which I soon discovered was because the TV speakers were overpowering the sound bar. I turned off the TV speakers so I could judge the bar by itself, and was shocked at how poor the quality was. I could not clearly hear sound from the Polk soundbar from greater than 7 or 8 feet away, and increasing the volume certainly made it louder but not clearer. After spending the better half of my day trying to convince myself to accept the Polk, we decided to cut our losses and go back to the Vizio.	1
Overall a very good vacuum but it's a little heavy.	2
It's got potential and I'm wondering if I just got a bad one but the USBC charging doesn't work and it will only charge my phone twice is supposed to be 25000 mAh so a 4000 mAh battery should be able to be charged at least 4 times all the way should be actually more like 5.5 but I would accept 4. 2 is kind of lame. So all in all not impressed.	1
My husband and I are always looking for good 2 player games that we can play once the kids are sleeping. This one fits the bill!	2
Bought for our church classroom trash cans, and they work well.	2
As you try to clean the tank you constantly have to keep resetting the magnet to the cleaner.	1
Another great Biscuit book.	2
I have been using these for several months and have no issues. It works as original product from Apple! 6ft is just perfect length for me since my plug is pretty far from my nightstand. Overall, I am really satisfy with this purchase.	2
Nice quality piece of leather.	2
I was initially attracted to the chute cord on the handle. After getting it, took it out camping and realized that a good hatchet needs weight to it. This hatchet has no weight to it. I could see it being used for small tasks but not hacking a branch that is 2 inches or thicker.	2
I have a small dog "Bishon" and his pee spreads wide compared to other pads used cause of thinness of these pads.	1
It's only magnetic along an imaginary mohawk line. Even though a gag gift, it's useless.	2
I truly recommend this pillow cover, you won't be disappointed!	2
I have had the elastic version of this belt for some time now in a navy color and really like it except for the fact that being elastic when I unbuckle it, it will pop out of my belt loops so decided to try the clear plastic one. I find the elastic type to be more comfortable than the clear plastic but works well also and does not pop out of my belt loops.	2
The band looks great however after wearing it for one afternoon my wrist is GREEN. Would NEVER purchase again or recommend.	1
While I love this product, it's no longer available on shelves. I thought I'd hit the jackpot finding it in amazon. But the product was old, watery, and foul-smelling. I called alba, since this was not returnable in amazon. I received a coupon in the mail to buy a new one, but again, it's not available in stores anymore. Big bummer!	1
Worked as I expected.	2
They are good lights but the wireing is another story. If they had better wireing I would have given them five stars.	2
Got replacement and still no pens just like in the picture!	1
As soon as I went out with them on my keyring the whistle part fell off and were lost.	1
This was my third time reading this book and I almost never reread books. Beautifully written. Love Olive and Henry like they are family.	2
Stupid over priced crap. A full size cupcake pan costs as much as this!	1
They seem like they would be good storage containers but I received two shipments and each one was damaged. I’m not sure if it’s an issue with the product or with the handling but my first order came damaged and the replacement that was sent was damaged also so I just got a refund	1
Just what I needed for connecting my iPod in my car	2
Bottoms kept falling off during our wedding toasts!	1
I am literally stopping in the middle of a bathroom demo to tell you how unhappy I am with these safety glasses. I would rather risk going blind than to have to deal with the constant fogging of these glasses. It takes a lot to make me write a bad review, but here I am. I DO NOT recommend these to anyone. They look good and are comfortable, but what’s the point if you can’t see out of them? Do some more research and find a better alternative.	1
Not for me. Feels too small and leaks. To get it not to leak it must be so tight I wake up with a sore face. Going back to non memory foam!	1
It works as advertised for about 2 seconds. I can maybe get through 1/2 a shirt (I wear a size small) before it loses all stickiness & no longer works. You then have to rinse it & wait for it to dry before continuing. This is extremely inconvenient, especially when trying to quickly remove lint & pet fur off my clothes before work. I’ve had to switch back to traditional paper/disposable lint rollers.	1
Thought it would fit along with my beetle pro watch case/band. Unfortunately it didn’t. Some Of the reviews said it would, but unfortunately it doesn’t.	1
Buy at least a size down. Im an XL, hoping large actually fits. Sizing chart inaccurate...	2
I still have some adult acne, maybe I haven’t been using it long enough. Will see....	2
Hate the way you packaged , but good item.	2
Don't like the wires in the middle	2
Used this 4 days ago and still no change in water. After a couple if weeks now and useless. Changed out whole tank and used new products. Problem solved.	1
The sound quality and volume is lacking, but the remote and the lights are pretty cool. The speakers distort if played too loud and are also very tinny sounding. Perfect if you want to simulate elevator music, that's about the volume level you will get out of them without them distorting.	2
I like this nest box but I wish the side doors had a latch outside because my female kept lifting the side door up and I think it actually caused injury to my male from getting his head caught in the door as she let it drop again. I installed a nest cam and it was fun to watch!	2
Helps me better than Tums	2
This is a great value for the money however some of the sticks are irregular or super thin and can’t stick it in anything bc it will not hold.	2
It was easy to cut on my Cricut machine but when I went to weed it, the vinyl was extremely sticky to the touch on the front (the camo printed side). It transferred well to the rash guard i used it on. I tried several ways to remove the stickiness but nothing worked. I made the shirt at the end of March 2019 and it is still sticky.	1
A great story by Adam Warren, but unfortunately he didn't provide the art for this title. The artwork isn't bad but it's not on par with Warren's, unfortunately. Still, it's a fun read for fans of his Empowered series!	2
I loved these lights, but the ground stakes are useless. I literally just place the light on the ground / patio. The stakes are so flimsy that they won't go into the ground, and they bend, and you are better off throwing that part into the trash.	1
I am giving this 5 stars because I absolutely loved it. However, it did not accommodate my 18 lb. cat. I took a chance, but he was squashed in it, and I could see he was very uncomfortable. I ended up buying a flat pull cart, so I could put his carrier on top and he could use his existing carrier. I would only recommend this carrier for a small cat, 10-12 lbs. Or maybe a small dog like a Yorkie or Maltese.	2
Not as sturdy as I'd like. It could be bitten into/chewed up if you have a hard biter.	2
Did nothing for me topically.	1
Do not buy this garbage. I used it twice and it never worked again. The second time I used it, it got so hot I thought it was going to melt. Probably not good for the device as well. I would recommend buying authentic form Apple.	1
I was very excited to receive this multi tester after seeing it demonstrated at my ham radio club. Unfortunately the screen was damaged out of the box. I powered it up and the top half of the Sceen was dead you could see the top corner of the LCD had visible cracks in multiple places. The shipping box was intact so I assume the damage was due to mishandling while it was being packaged. I'm returning the damaged one and hoping I will have better luck with the replacement so for now this will be a 1 star review.	1
i liked the design, but not really great for fat legs	2
Package was already opened. There's no return for replacement available. Waste of money	1
The USB connector broke after several uses?	2
What more can I say? This little romper was cheap, and you can tell as soon as you touch it. You can practically see through the fabric, too. Would NOT buy again or recommend!	1
The stockings aren't true to size. They compression holds very tight which is very good.	2
This is a bit heavy of course but it works well. I've had some issues with charging, like the connection is loose maybe. It charges my phone quickly as long as I'm not using it during the charge. Handy to have while traveling.	2
This sink is very good quality. Worked very well with our recent renovation.	2
Bought for my daughter-in-law. Too big. She lives 250 miles away, but it was easy for her to return. Thank You. Carol Payne	2
We have a few of these up in our daughter's room. They're lined up on a gray wall and they look really good. We were worried they would look like big shiny stickers but there's a nice matte finish to them, they legitimately look like they're painted onto the wall. And while we were setting them up we had to move them and rearrange them, and they came right off and stuck right back on like new.	2
Long lead time and the chain is too short.	2
This was a fun and easy read. Lots of implausible characters, who were quite real to the story. I enjoyed the author’s plays on words. My favorite characters were Detective Blunt and Ms Thursday, described as clouds who speak and almost no one sees them. They became quite believable as the story wore on.	2
I bought this product because of its professed ease of use. I did not want to sand, stain my kitchen table. And it was quick and the color is beautiful. However the paint is already chipping like a bad nail polish.... So to be honest not sure if I should have sanded first for better adhesion but it said no sanding. So maybe buy a small one to test first before fully committing	1
Very hydrating cream (almost too rich for my combo to normal skin) I like that the ingredients are clean yet the scent was overwhelming (perfumey) and will cease using it.	1
Not exactly what I was looking for.	1
Had it about a month and a half but have only used it about 7-8 times. Lights up, lightning bolt shows it's charging but nothing. Not at all. And after the first 2-3 times using it, the battery started dying INCREDIBLY fast. Horrible product, cant return sing I used it so rarely in the first 30 day return window. Terribly product	1
I have never had a water flosser before. I have a couple of places on my gums that get really sore. Since I've been using this nightly, the sore gum problem has cleared. I really like that it is battery operated and I don't have to have it sitting on my counter. However, the placement of the button makes it easy to make a mistake and push the wrong button while in the process of using it. I have gotten water in my hair and on the ceiling and walls of my bathroom. I have learned to manage it by always keeping one finger on the off button at all times and all other fingers away from the other buttons. I also hold it where I cannot touch the other buttons. Never try to change anything unless you are looking at it. Have had it for months and it will still get away from me at times. I would give it 5 stars if not for this.	2
Worked and is working as good as the original, would not hesitate to reorder.	2
Very cute outfit. Got a lot of compliments as we use this for my sons first bday! I will say it for too small for the size ordered.	2
I love the leathery design, and the fact that I can take a few cards with me without a wallet. Unfortunately, there isn't a lot of variety out there for the S7, so this is really one of your only options. Case fits fairly loosely, but it has never fallen off. It is also a lot of plastic but it has a good look. There isn't a lot of protection offered between the leather, plastic, and loose fit. 4 stars -edit- The *leather* on the outside has started to separate from the plastic. The rubber seal around the case is very flimsy. 3 stars	2
It has a faint smell of nail polish remover.	2
It did smudge and didn’t last all day. Even the brown was too dark for me. I have blonde hair and I have a hard time finding a brow color that doesn’t make me look like Groucho Marx.	2
Quality ratchet the flexible handle has its plus and minuses , its great for getting into hard to reach spots but can move when using it normally . Once you get used to it works great.	2
save your money. too small to hold an average plate.	1
The lock broke 3 days after I put it on my car	1
While the desk itself looks great once you assemble is it’s a pain to put together. The holes in the frame are not big enough for the screws you are given. I had to wait for my husband to get home to help me and even he had a hard time. Once the desk is put together you’re gonna notice that there is no guard to catch your paper/canvas. They include a guard in the package but no where in the instructions does it mention it. We screwed it on only to find out that it’s completley useless. The guard is supposed to support your paper while you work but it only comes out less than a cm than the desk. So the desk has limitations on how you can use it if you wanted it raised (which to me would be the whole point in buying a desk that raises instead of regular one). Unless you can tape whatever you’re working on to the desk while it’s raised you can’t use it. Overall the the desk looks nice and the glass is secure. But I expected better manufacturing and design at this price point. They seem like stupid mistakes that can be fixed easily by the people who designed it.	1
Best quality and style for price. I’ve bought a lot of readers and am impressed with these. Will purchase again.	2
Kept me laughing all year round!	2
Sleeves are way too big.	1
They have a cool look but there crappy type of slippers.	2
I only wished Noah and Kristin had gotten married and had a baby after he finished the movie in France.	2
Great color and doesn’t fall down during high intensity aerobics	2
I like that it covers the entire back of the trunk, what I wish it had was a someway to tie it around the head rest. I have a lease vehicle and I don't want to use the Velcro, so I had to tuck it up under the dog car barrier. But otherwise it's nice and easy to keep clean since I have a husky who sheds a lot.	2
It's very light weight and sets my bars to the perfect length for down hill, very sturdy feel to it and fits perfectly to my bike, great product.	2
Very good Apple Watch charger, no more worry about cable when traveling, it’s very small and convenient.	2
Good fit, but very thin and stretchy t-shirt material. Cannot be worn outside of your home in my opinion.	2
I am using in hope that I can use as much as possible before it is expires., which is less than 3 mo. On the product, it appears to be ok, it is yellow in color and I am hoping that I can use most of it during the time period. This cream has MSM, DMAE & C-ESTER among other excellent ingredients main reason I ordered it. So I will use this twice a day on my face, hands in addition to applying it to my legs in hopes of using all of it in the next 3 months. I am looking forward to improvement with this product it is a collagen builder	2
I ordered the 2 oz prescription and received 1oz. Please send me what I paid for. Thanks.	1
Smaller bags than I expected. I don't know how they taste as they were for the VBS kids to try (& I was not about to eat a bug). They loved them!	2
The recipes are easy to follow and can be used by anyone regardless of their background.	2
Good quality. A bit see through though, need nude undergarments.	2
Omg!! I had doubts about it but ordered it to see how it would play out. Let me tell you i have never been more excited to wear a swimsuit in my life!!! It is a stunner and makes me look snatched and fabulous. Dont sleep on this one it is worth the purchase :)	2
The description of this item is very deceiving. I am attaching a photo I've taken of the side of the bottle which is not of course included in the description of the product,otherwise who would even buy this. It's not supposed to be used by women who are of child bearing age. You think you could mention this? Additionally, it says you are not supposed to use it if you have thyroid disorder, but then it helps with your thyroid...very strange. I'm returning this. I wish you had taken a photo of who is not supposed to use this before I order it.	1
Small and Easy to use.	2
Did not work for me.	2
These are very low rise, and made in Pakistan, fairly poor quality seams. I can't help but worry about the sweatshop workers that made these clothes. They are semi stiff fabric and just not comfortable.	1
It broke as soon as I put it on. Super disappointed	1
Very difficult to clean and take care of	1
It was sturdy and just the right size to put in a purse pocket. And I bought one for my husband, too!	2
I loved it and I DON'T CARE WHO KNOWS IT!	2
So weird. Came in a block that was vacuum sealed. Fit is not at all like the picture.	1
Great stand for your IPad or phone I use mine next to my bed no hands needed . A little pricey I bought two of them one had problems, but I can say Customer service with company could not of been better 5 stars for them Thanks guys	2
The bike was good at first but after a month or so it started to deteriorate. This was only riding it once to twice a week. It rocks back and forth. I have checked the leveling several times. The seat does not stay. If you adjust it, don’t expect to ever be right again. It squeaks everywhere as well.	1
The king size works pretty well. My partner just doesn’t roll them up her calves as the tops are too narrow for her.	2
I was looking for not only a bright headlight but also looking for distance. These shine a wide area but lack in distance.	2
didn't last to long but not worth returning it	1
These are a perfect fit. They are a thinner/ flexible material so your feet stay cool. They are very comfortable and stay where they are supposed to. They do not bunch up or fall off the heel.	2
I loved this pillow for the stripes. It worked well on the sofa in a room of neutrals. However, it faded horribly within a couple of months. I washed on gentle cycles inside out, hung to set. Still, in less than a year, it needs to be replaced.	1
Install super easy and they kicked on as expected but have one bulb flickering which is really annoying. Hopefully I can get it swapped out and all will be well.	1
I loved the look and style of the product! Unfortunatly, after only two weeks of wearing the band the rose gold wore off several spots.	1
Arrived within two days. Looks to be fairly well constructed and easy to put on. My wife put it on and has had some trouble with keeping it in place. I tried it and it pulled my shoulders back. We are going to try it for a few days and update our review. It may be my wife is too small for this.	2
I bought this classic notebook for my work. The paper quality and binding is really good and perfect for to do lists. Leather hard cover is so attractive and gives a professional look. Overall, am satisfied with this purchase!	2
Item arrived all damaged & jumbled in the box. I leave for a month long trip in 2 days! Waste of money!	1
I never received the item.	1
product is fine, exactly what I was looking for HOWEVER the seller is horrible. Accidentally ordered two instead of just one that was needed. Put in a cancelation not even 15 minutes after accidental purchase and seller sent product anyways. Ignored all communication attempts until after item was already received. After complaining about paying for my own postage to return item THAT I MADE SEVERAL ATTEMPTS TO CANCEL BEFORE SHIPMENT, I received an email from seller stating to just try and keep the item and give it as Christmas gift.	1
I like the availability and the deals available for the products we all use and need every day!! And I'm a Prime Member because of this!!!	2
My granddaughter has long curly hair and this brush goes through it with ease	2
This is hardly self start. I'd rather suck out my dirty aquarium water through a straw. To get this going you literally do have to suck it like a straw to start it. So self start is not an accurate description	1
Pretty decent horror/suspense movie. But a little too gory and violent.	2
It lasted 3 months then stopped charging. Also when turned on would not stay connected	2
Very cute hanging plant holders. But, only half of them came with the hangers on them. The other half were just tins. It’s not like they were pulled off. It looks as though they were never added on.	1
Cute sign and bigger than I expected but as some reviewers mentioned, the sign came in a flimsy cardboard shipping box. During the shipment it creased the corners of the sign, hopefully they add packaging paper next time!	2
I like that this moisturizer works immediately and that its effects last. The flavor is refreshing. I keep a bottle in my purse and another on my nightstand.	2
As expected. Not much protection with this minimal case. I would say it's not the best choice for a $950 phone. But if that's what you want, go for it. Fits well. Get what you pay for.	2
I have had this bluetooth mouse for just about 30 days and it just stopped working. It's connected to the bluetooth but it doesnt seem to be connected. Kinda upset, I troubleshooted for 3 days already.	1
Great stuff in a bottle! They're HUGE pills, though, so if you have difficulty swallowing tablets already, this will be a bit challenging.	2
Super cute and as expected	2
The boxes are great but came missing one lid!	1
We use it to announce when a customer's order is ready. Very clear sound. The downfall is the batteries. Either batteries do not recharge or the charger in system for batteries doesn't work. Had to order new batteries with a separate charger.	2
The adhesive did not work; the protector fell off the phone minutes after it was placed.	1
I'm dissatisfied with this product it no say an tin this product was in a plastic container the main reason I bought it was because it was suppose to be in a tin box not happy at all	1
The handle broke withen the first 2 hours of arriving. This is not portable without the handle and or wheels and both broke had to put bigger screws to hold it in with the weight if the speaker I dont recommend unless you can use tools and your going to change stuff anyway	1
I like this series a lot. I enjoyed this book until the end. I consider the ending to be a huge cliffhanger which ruined my enjoyment of the book.	2
Great product! They’re comfortable and they go in my ears easily. I really can’t sleep without them. I bought a box back in 2017 and I’m just now starting to run low.	2
The remote isn't functioning properly... I'm currently debating whether or not to return	2
Got these in the mail. Not sure if they are actually aukey? Came in the ziplock baggie, no box with warranty card and info. And the actual adapters dont have aukey on them just the generic usb logo.	1
The size is too big. I measured my Chihuahua at a size small but it is too big and she needs a size xs. There’s no return label and I think I’m not even able to swap out sizes	2
This item is pretty but it is Super Thin! It’s not completely see thru but you will definitely need a while table cloth underneath. Also the measurements are off. Wouldn’t fit my standard size table	1
The indicator lights on one of the batteries doesn't turn off. The battery was at half charge before I ever got around to using it. Missed the return date by 3 days. I suggest that you charge them right away to make sure there are no defects.	1
27. active for 11 years. never had one break on me	2
After having my phone for nearly 2 years now, I have never cracked my phone screen with a screen protector on it until using this phone phone case. I definitely wouldn’t recommend this phone case because the lip isn’t tall enough nor expands enough over the phone’s corners to protect.	1
This is an update! I was thinking of returning this item. But I decided to give it more time to learn how to use it correctly. What I like about it is that I do feel a relief on my neck when I use it. I haven't felt anything on my stomach area or collarbone maybe because I haven't learn to use it correctly.	2
Really fun a must have for the price	2
Very nice addition to the kitchen under the table and chairs	2
These swaddles are SO CUTE! I bought them specifically for the donut one to take my daughter's newborn hospital photos in once she's born. The headbands looked kind of large for a new born but the good news is you can adjust the knots, so no worries! The material is unlike any other swaddles I have and will be so nice for the summer time, they are stretchy like a jersey cotton material. I would recommend these for sure, super cute, good quality and a great deal! Plus they arrived early!	2
They worked well. I liked the fit and look but after 3 months of moderate use they no longer turn on.	2
Do not expect it to be very good.It is fine,but you need to be patient with it .I look up for words meaning in English-English dictionary but it’s not that good but okay though.Try it first then decide.	2
Very disappointed in the quality. They warped badly after the first use. The only reason I gave it two stars instead of one is they do fit the grill.	1
I'm very disappointed in this wallet . It's very sturdy but not these beautiful colors at all. A rather dull gray color with very little color, certainly nothing like the posted picture.	1
Is made for a smaller sized XL :(	2
our 2 year old grandson loves this	2
Works good most of the time, but as with all things with suction cups, they don't last more than a year or so at best.	2
Have 3 of these around my house. They are awesome and have a clean look to them.	2
I hacked the heck out of the bracket and welded on another piece to make a custom mount for my Ham Radio faceplate. Install fit and finish were fantastic.	2
This band feels and looks identical to a much more expensive apple branded one. However the part that locks into the watch itself is a bit short as you might notice in one of my pictures. It's not a huge downside, and you cant beat the price.	2
The boots fit well feet size but my calves are huge due to rugby and wrestling so I find it hard to put on especially since my ankles are a little smaller than they should be, the fit is weird on me. I suggest getting a size bigger than you usually are if you have these problems or these boots are not made for muscular/ big/ thick girls.	2
This is a great chair for someone other than myself. I was super excited to get this chair. I've been needing a new one for a while, and wanted to get a more genuine gaming chair, so I chose this one. From the time I opened the box, to finishing the assembly I got increasingly sad. The pink looks red, the chair is very stiff and uncomfortable, it's like sitting on a thin cushion on the floor. The arm rests swivel a bit too easily. The seat also "cups" your thigh/hip area. I also noticed the hole cutouts in the head rest area were crooked. While these things may not be a big deal to most, or even things you like, I found all these things to be negatives. I can't sit in this chair comfortably, nor can I sit for extended periods of time in this chair. Not for me.	2
After 7 months the timer failed. Now it grinds way too much coffee for one day. No changes to the timer dial will change the amount of coffee.	1
Smaller than expected but makes for a fun night light	2
The shield went on easily and it provides good protection. I have one bubble going all the way to the edge that I can't get out. It does not take long before finger prints and smudges are really noticeable, which is disappointing. But it does a fine job of protecting the screen	2
Gotta really work at the flint to get a tiny spark but other than that ok.	2
Has that fabreeze scent but it doesn’t last long at all. Almost seemed watered down.	2
Haven't even unrolled a foot and it's wrinkled pretty bad. Looked at return policy and it's only refunds, no replacements, and AFTER the damaged poster is received by the seller.	1
Extremely warm and thick! Fits perfectly and feels so warm! Also seems very breathable	2
I bought this battery two months ago and is dead now!Bad.	1
Not as advertised and does not fit my Fob key.	1
Looks like a turtle, hair is gross..	1
Very cheap quality. Not what I was expecting.	1
Just perfect together.	2
I waited a week and a half for this and I was really excited as it was one of my favorite games as a child. It didn’t work at all, it wouldn’t even start up and I was very disappointed. Will not be buying from this seller again and would not recommend.	1
This is the cheapest made thing I've ever bought for my kitchen. The pump buttons don't work. I at for almost 15 minutes just pumping the button over and over, and the oil didn't move more than a 1/4 inch after all that. The buttons kept popping out and separating from the housing every 10 pumps or so. Taking it apart and putting it back together helped for all of about 5 pumps, and then it stopped working again. If it had better construction I'm sure it would be great, but in this form it is essentially useless. I finally looked it up online and found this is a huge issue with it, but for some reason those reviews haven't propagated to the Amazon page for the product yet.	1
Fans are the quietest I've had to date, case is gorgeous and was easy to install everything in.	2
Not everlasting! Took my dog about 10 minutes to suck this thing down. But I guess it was tasty.	1
Good amount of pockets. Shoulder straps make it comfortable. A little to stiff.	2
The lids of the containers don't stay closed.	1
not as good as year old samsung	1
A little large in the waist but I love the overall fit of the skirt	2
I ordered these glasses almost a month ago. They are still not here and 5 days past the original delivery due date. I needed them for a vacation I was going on. I had to buy a cheap pair to get me through. I will not order from this vendor again. I’m hoping the item is delivered soon.	1
I really like this book. It has a lot of low-calorie and low-calorie recipes. The ketogenic diet is a very popular low-carb diet. The most important thing is that the cooking does not take more from me, it does not take a long time to stand by the stove. A lot of interesting recipes, I recommend reading.	2
Pretty cheaply made. I was expecting better quality for that price.	1
screen protector touch sensitive is very good	2
Beautiful case and feels protective.	2
Terrible they looked like they were made well but one use and the 1/2 joint fell Apart lost the pin and spring very dissatisfied with this product	1
Edit: 2 months in & the labels are still on. Not one has come off, nor has water leaked on the ink part. Highly recommend these labels! Wrote on them with the pen provided and have had zero issues! They are great!	2
Love the wallet, but I carried it for a week and it tore apart. Not good quality.	1
Didn’t really do much in the way of cleaning. Expensive for what you get	1
Cracked when I got it, opened the tray and it cracked in another area. No intructions	1
One of the earbud lasts no more than 40 minute fully charged and the other one 90 minutes at the most. The 12 hour post is a fake	1
Nice quality but can get more for the money	2
I buy packs and packs of ziplock bags so often and once used they have to be thrown out but now that i found these reusable bags i won’t need to keep buying more, you just wash with warm water and soap and use them over and over again. They’re very sturdy and durable and they come in 3 different sizes, small size can be used for anything like snacks or even a sandwich can fit in there. I’ve been using them to freeze my chicken and not get freezer burn and so far so good.	2
Would have been perfect but wouldn’t work with the free style sensors I’m diabetic	1
Got this for my 4 year old grandson for Christmas. He loves all things dinosaur. He loves this walking Dinosaur and plays with it constantly.	2
iT HAS ALREADY SLOWED DOWN; ONE WEEK AFTER PURCHASE.	1
Beautiful cover with great quality... will definitely order again.	2
Not a bad product for the price. Install was 5 minutes.	2
I like the shortness and the surprise ending, Little redeeming value however.	2
Liked the grain and cover. Would probably recommend to a friend.	2
Literally cracked in half first time I used it to cut strings, don't waste your money cause its cheap	1
I use it to organise my bag of tricks. As a semi-professional magician i have prop bag that needed some organisation. This fit the bill perfectly.	2
Since I was a beginner flying drones, I’ve had several questions. Holy stone has been great answering my question in a timely manner. Flying the drone with my grandson has been a great experience. If you are interested in a drone, I would recommend Holy Stone. They have been a pleasure to work with.	2
Came with a hole in the armpit	1
Mouse was broken when i got it, not worth. The key bored feels like $10. God Bless.	1
This book was such a disappointment! I was expecting a fashion history. After all, that is what the book's title claims. Sadly, what little historical information that is offered is cursory. The book's focus is primarily on the past couple hundred years and even these descriptions are superficial at best. I have donated my copy of this book to Good Will.	1
Just okay small fit nothing to hold it on when the wind blows. Wouldn’t buy again, it doesn’t fit my needs	1
Like others that have posted reviews of this item here, I also received a unit with a Ni-Mh battery instead of the OEM Li-Ion battery. A 2 hour run time is advertised with the correct battery, but with the Ni-Mh I was lucky to see 30 minutes of use. Charging takes an extremely long time, and concerns of an electrical short or excessive heat from the incorrect battery have come up as well. The Roomba itself is great, but a lack of acceptable customer support in replacing the battery ruined the chance I was going to give this product. When I contacted iRobot to seek assistance, the product I received has been used by 6 different customers and has been registered for 3 years.	1
How Sway? Why is this tool even available for sale and it doesn't work AT ALL? Don't waste your money.	1
Not the size I thought it was but made due for what I needed at the time. Like the storage box it came in	2
I had to order another with the LCD. I thought the first one I ordered was the correct one. So I need to return the 1st one. Nothing has been opened or used. So please send me a return slip.	2
Unfortunately, the rubber handle slides off. I primarily use this to drive in a wedge for splitting wood rounds. I used it for 1 season and will have to get something else - unless Fiskars will stand behind their product. To be continued...	1
The glasses are crooked. The hair is not the same as in the advertisement. The entire doll looks to be very poor quality.	1
my husband bought this for his lunch. he put in hot food and by lunch time, the food was cool. did not keep the food hot. Also the containers are too small.	1
Does not fit the item it was bought for the holes are way to small	1
Mask was broken, extremely cheap material, this isnt worth $5	1
It’s not that great so you can work with it	1
Too much cause and investigation. Not enough plane crash. Read LAST NINE MINUTES MOIRA JOHNSTON AVON 1978	1
Tasted horrible. Actually made me throw up uncontrollably a few hours after drinking it. I was excited about the health benefits. Wish I could get a refund.	1
Most of the bottles out there have exposed mouthpiece. I love this design where you can cover the mouthpiece and has a lever to turn on & off to drink. Cool design!	2
It killed the weeds in one day but they came back a few days later.I thought it killed the roots as well so that the weeds did not come back..	2
Can not see what's so ever.	1
I'm 5'3" . 128 lbs . pear shape good room for big hip and thigh It is a little bit too long. It is fine for the dresses that pass the knees. quite sheer	2
They run narrow. In the cold of southwest MN, they keep my feet dry and from aching cold, but they aren't as warm as the boots they replaced. They have a great tread so I am not worried about slipping, but if I need to be out n the cold for any length of time my feet start to get cold. Today it was 10 F and after 30 minutes of doing barn chores my feet were cold. These will get me through the winter and I will likely replace them next fall before all the snow boots are sold out in my size,	2
works great, but the tiny bucket has to be emptied too often	2
get what you pay for	1
I have a Chihuahua and these are easy to put on but did not keep her feet dry	1
The hand of the fabric is too harsh.	2
This grinder doesn't do a great job of grinding sea salt into small pieces for cooking or adding to your food. It needs to make the salt finer.	2
Just recieved mine. No complaints. If you haven't bought this yet just know that the material isn't stretchy to immediately fit your arm. Which is a good thing in my opinion. You can have the bracelet loose, fit, or tight.	2
Love it, just took a while to get!	2
Hard to read without a dark colored liquid inside.	2
I don’t normally write reviews but this shit sucks. It’s pile of ugly metal that doesn’t do shit. It didnt Turn on, make a noise, or even light up when I plugged it in To charge. Doesn’t work at all. Save your money	1
Only two of the fobs worked when I got it. After using it for about a month, they also stopped working. We tried replacing the batteries, and it didn't help.	1
The product was expired for over a year. I am so angry that this would be sent to me in such a manner.	1
Ordered these for our 2005 Envoy to change out and see if the mileage would increase. I found at $5. each was not a bargain as recommended by Amazon so now since the envoy has been traded I no longer have use for the plugs and I'll just have to see what I can get for them on eBay.	2
Very cheaply made, none of the red leds work and the white is very dull.	1
Used one time and stopped working. Friend bought the same one and burnt up his wiring.	1
It gets hot very quickly. It can get very hot. I could use a lower setting on it. I can only warm up the bed and then must turn it off before I go to sleep, If I leave it on, even on the lowest setting, I wake up being cooked. This might not be a problem in a colder climate. This isn't a big problem after I got use to using it. The plug at the bottom on the bed is a bigger problem. It hurts if you move your feet around and hit it. I put a towel over it, but I keep kicking it off. And then the pain returns.	1
I decided to try out this product because of the great reviews and the fact that it’s a natural product. The first day I used this deodorant it worked very well but that was it. After the first day it started making my armpit sweat profusely so I stopped using it. So disappointed because I had such high expectations!!	1
I love this camera. It took not much time to setup it. Very good picture. I think it's the best camera for this money! Thanks!	2
This speaker just comes down to personal preference and it is a okay, decent speaker. But for the money and better sound quality, better bass, durability, fantastic battery life go get the Tribit X-Boom, you won't be disappointed.	2
Not only is it particularly difficult to remove the second layer from the screen once it's applied, as described by other reviews, the film causes a terrible grainy effect on the screen, similar to what matte screen protectors do. Super disappointed. Total waste of money.	1
After opening the box and looking at the plastic looking bulb I wasn’t sure about this purchase. I put The bulbs in my exterior lights turn it on and was amazed at how wonderful it looks. Very happy with the way it mimics a gas light	2
My dog is just getting use to her bed. It's a firm mattress. Nice to look at. Haven't had it long enough to wash just yet. My dog is still getting use to it.	2
I did not receive this item	1
This bag is cute and the color is great. My problem is that it is heavy and the lining is weird. It feels like plastic paper and the zippers are very cheap. I carried it once and promptly changed back to my old purse.	1
You will learn things you never knew about American history..	2
I've been taking this supplement for two weeks now- didn't know this will slowly heal my digestive problem. I was always constipated before, having that kind of feeling really sucks. but when I've started taking this, I now have regular bowel movements. I just take this supplement twice a day, for better results, make sure to hydrate your body! Hope this helps!	2
While they don't live up to the much more expensive gourmet brands, these are an excellent value for toppings and salad mixers.	2
If you only have very light dust, they may work. But I find that they tend to smear the dust around and not pick it all up making it not that easy or effective to use	2
The description and pictures are not what I received. I hate to go through returning just to repurchase and try another shipment and more wait time....	1
...this story of Harper and Rogan. At the heart of the story is the manor.; and that d**m curse! Can’t wait for Reid’s story and Brigs.	2
I guess you get what you pay, the price was low but I was hoping the quality was higher. The cut is not very smooth and actually hurts some areas when shaving.	1
A couple of them came broken and don’t stay on my knuckles unless I bend my hand like the picture	1
Everything I hoped for is in this reasonably priced tripod!	2
Realized it was just a cover, not the whole tent	2
Giving it 2 stars instead of one. It worked great for so long, but just one small drop getting out of the car and it breaks.	1
Best thing I’ve ever invested in! Prevents the cooking aftermath mess by preventing any oil from coming out of your pan! less mess = happier cook! AlSO I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT IF YOU HATE GETTING BURNED BY THE OIL WHILE COOKING	2
These were listed at a value of over 200.00 and on sale for 50.00. Obviously false after looking at them, and they shipped in such a way the case that holds them was damaged. Would not recommend this.	1
I use this religiously. It does wonders for me with inflammation. I work offshore in the Gulf of Mexico as a mechanic and a machinist. My job is very physical. This helps.	2
Great comforter for my sons bed. Warm and of great quality for the price.	2
My order arrives quickly, and looks like it is of a nice quality with vivid colors.	2
product does not glue right. The part of the magnet does not hold the cell firmly. The product is very bad, I had to buy another one from another brand after 3 days of use only	1
This guy is a crook. He did not send the item at all. I remember paying for two not one. I had to search for and bought another reading headlamps which were delivered yesterday.	1
first time I removed the top was challenging, but good from then on	2
Speaker didn’t work. I don’t know how that could be over looked if it was refurbished.	1
Too flimsy. Made of hollow plastic that looks like it will break after one use. When I use the stand, it wasn't so sturdy. The reach is short as well.	1
Love this shirt! It's so cute and it has little stars and moons that glow in the dark! Super cute! <3 A new favourite	2
I have had the mug 3 1/2 months and have enjoyed using it. But now the interior coating is peeling at the base. I have been very careful not to use any hard objects in it and just wipe it out with a cloth. Disappointing.	1
I also wanted to order and leave a review. But the stuff didn't arrive and I can't do anything about it. I would like to write a full review. However, it ended up being lost during delivery.	1
Feel the bearing turns smoothly and smoothly, and the speed is very fast. The bearing turns very well and the sound is very small. It is exquisitely made and easy to install.	2
This is a complete rip off. This is not a walk through or a guide. It just tells the basics. The book is really small. I am really disappointed.	1
Not vanilla seeds. Some kind of bean.	1
I was recived empty envelop. What happened guys ??? Where is my order?	1
Stopped working after using it ~10 times	1
Ours had a small leak when we received it .	2
My husband used to love FOTL boxers. They have changed the fit; the waistband is super small now. He had to cut the waistband just to be able to wear these. We can't size up because the rest of the boxer is the normal size, so if we sized up the boxer itself would be huge while the waistband might be a better fit. He's lean, so these just don't work anymore.	1
Really great software. I wish the animation had more to it. Otherwise great for digital painting!	2
I received the product today and was somewhat disappointed when I saw the scratches on both the front of the camera side and on the steel base. It seems like this unit had been used by someone before me. I was able to set up the software on my iPhone and could view the video and was able to connect to the bluetooth. I have yet to get the software downloaded onto my grandson's kindle (android app) but will continue to try since this is a Christmas present for him. Would appreciate getting a "New" unit however and the means to return this one.	2
These pants are a great fit at a great price.	2
I like everything about this cane EXCEPT it needs another notch so the handle can go just a bit lower. I'm 5' 5" and being able to lower it one more notch would have been perfect and a 5 star!!	2
So super soft! Never felt any wash clothes as soft, and they hold up nicely in wash. I use for my toddler, who tends to have sensitive and dry type skin, and wish I found them sooner! I wash with delicates and they look brand new still after 6 or more uses/washes.	2
Everything was perfect, amazing quality.	2
This was such a tiny leaf and half eaten not ok	1
I haven't had it long but it's worked great so far. Easy to set up out of the box. Plenty of tracking features. I really just wanted a heart rate monitor so I can stay in my training zone during workouts. That this product includes notifications for calls, texts, etc. is a bonus. That said, for the price this was an incredible purchase. I hope it continues to impress me.	2
Nice hubcaps, but you better not hit any bumps in the road, or you will be finding them in your rear view mirror.	1
This company takes advantage of the fact that they are the only company that sells a glucometer for dogs that works. The cost of test strips is just as much as a new glucometer kit. My glucometer gave me bad readings so I emailed them. They argued with me over many emails about sending me a new one, finally they had me send in the one that wasn't working correctly and I sent it my whole kit, test strips and all and what did they send me back? Just a glucometer, so now I have to spend $50 anyways on new test strips becasue they didn't send me any and they refuse to. They are lucky this is the only glucometer that works for animals. They don't care about how much it costs to have a diabetic animal, test strips should NOT be as much as a new glucometer kit.	1
I never even received my product. So I guess I don’t have much of a review other than this seller is sure quick to take your money but not deliver your product...... I’ll just go to Target.	1
These are essentially just like the pricey TRX bands at the gym, but at a much better price. You can attach these to a door, bar/pole, hook, etc. to do a variety of body weight exercises. Included is an instruction guide with sample exercises and a 4-month workout plan if you choose to use it. You get two full TRX-style bands (which, to clarify, are NOT rubber/elastic), plus four rubber bands of varying tension levels. The bands and stitching seem to be very sturdy. Everything fits in a mesh travel bag -- I look forward to being able to bring these with me for hotel or even outdoor workouts when I don't have access to a gym or weights.	2
This was gift for my grandson. He loved it!	2
My dogs love these! Natural product. Helps keep their teeth clean.	2
Positive- Product was shipped on time and in perfect condition. No drinks or scratches. I have it in my kitchen so I dont think it is any noisier than my fridge. And holds a lot of bottles. I fit 46 so far and still have room. Overall I'm please with product. Negative (but I'm fine living with them) similar to other reviews 1) the temperature setting is not accurate. I'm finding it to be off by at least 10 degrees! I have my own thermometer in fridge and it really is off. 2) temperature on top of fridge is much colder because it is by the cooling fans. It is probably cooler by 6 degrees on the top shelf. Simple fix for manufacturer would be to put an additional fan near bottom shelves	2
Installed these switches and connected to my network. They work great. They can be turned on /off by touching the blue dot on the switch or Via the smart Life app.	2
Feels very unnatural. Definitely look for a sea salt spray before a foam spray you'll thank me later!	1
This product has been a time saver for me. I highly recommend but I don't know why sometimes my baby powdered milk spoils. Any advice or tips... Nevertheless... AWESOME Product!!!	2
I think the picture speaks for itself! These gauges are so insanely pretty in the sunlight! I received a ton of compliments the first few days I wore them! However, one slipped out and I’m unable to find it! I plan on ordering another pair when I get paid!	2
I was really looking forward to getting this cute puzzle, but several pieces were missing & it wasn't challenging enough for me.	1
Super soft, felt like they weren’t getting my teeth clean. The handles were a little rough on a couple. Don’t think I’d buy these again.	2
Very poor quality of magnets and items doesn't stick or remain firm.	1
I ordered this headband for my workouts. At first it fit perfectly, but after using it about 10 times it has stretched out and smells a little once I sweat in it. I wash it after every use, so maybe that's why it is wearing out quickly. It might work better for someone who doesn't sweat very much.	2
Used it to break up rocks when digging in a rocky area, lasted maybe 16 hours before it stopped working. You get what you pay for with this.	1
Smells so good it pretty to look at	2
Disappointed. Thought the chemical smell would go away, but it still smells like moldy memory foam. I had to return it.	1
Looks good, with a bit of loosed grasses	2
I like this author, so I was hoping this would be a new Christmas classic to read with the kids. It’s just ok.	2
This case is way too small for my Galaxy S8. Product description is incorrect!	1
Much better price and the store and stand up to daily use. Comfortable and the cell phone pocket is awesome!	2
Fresh out of the package, half are dull and half are bright. Kind of expected more from Expo. Not sure if they are dry or what.	1
Did not like the color of transfer once on the mirror. In the sample picture it looked darker and more definition. Kinda looks like a gray blob in the mirror. Very easy to transfer onto the desired surface.	2
Not as sturdy as I would have liked but overall a great product. The drawer and tilt out door work well. Easy to use and clean, simple to put together.	2
Great value if they worked...	1
My husband and I really like this chair. Easy to set up and fold back down. Comfortable for both of us. I am 5'1 and he is 6'1. The chair is not your typical rocking chair meaning it doesn't have a full range of motion when rocking but I understood that when purchasing it. The chair looks nice and seems quality/durable. My only complaint and this is not related to the chair itself but has to do with UPS. Amazon uses UPS to deliver this item and I unfortunately only got 1 of the two chairs that I ordered. So now I have to wait for an investigation to be done as to where my other chair is before Amazon will replace the lost one. To me, it's bullshit given the amount of money paid for this item and my lengthy order history/money spent/ prime membership longevity. Also if you call UPS, they are of zero assistance and hardly speak English so you get no where with that either. Needless to say, I'm not happy. We live in FL so our nice/sitting outdoor weather is coming and I would have liked to have had this item and not be going back in forth in phone calls between Amazon and UPS. Amazon, you failed on this one.	2
It is a nice bag..but i didn't expect it to be so small.. i am regifting it to a teenager..	2
Damaged in shipping not delivered	1
He is very small and a lot of the welds on him are burnt through.Hes ok but would have liked him better if he was the size as stated on amazon.Would not have ordered if i knew he was that small.Other reviews were right.	2
Don’t stay lit at all. Basically the whole time you’re smoking it you have to relight it like 5 times. Really disappointed	1
This bag has replaced my gym bag and racquetball bag by being large enough to do both tasks. As another review mentioned, it would be nice to get more compartments to separate dirty items, but it's a minor detail that's more of a preference. I just make sure to take out sweaty clothes and headbands each day after playing. My storage system is: keys/phone/wallet in the small outside pocket. Gloves on the outside glove line. Shoes in the vented shoe pocket. Racquet (x2) in the racquet pouch. Sweatbands, balls, clothes in the main bag area. Eye protection in the eyewear pocket. It has worked great for me!	2
This product works as advertised. It seems to be better than most of the products out there.	2
The only down side to this gate is the latch. Other then that, it is a very good gate.	2
Would have been helpful to know I wasn’t ordering a pair.	2
Light weight, washable, fits as expected. Only thing is that the left shoe clicks when walking. Tried replacing the insole I placed in the shoe for support, but not change. Good shoe for every day use.	2
I did not like the length because it is too short to handle easily and it should have been more useable with rubber tips on both ends!	1
This does not stay standing up at all. No matter how much I try to twist it to tighten it, it immediately falls over.	1
I lost my Anastasia tweezers and was looking for a replacement without the expensive price. To me these are just as good. Thanks!	2
Definitely get a size bigger, the extenders help, but very little.	1
Used once. And I dont mean over a weekend. Once. My son had to keep inflating it throughout the night. He finally gave up, left the tent, and decided to sleep in the hammock.	1
This arrived a tad bit broken, but I'm not one to complain... Still a good buy...	2
Not funny when its a human male voice. Thought it would be the Minions voice. Very Disappointed	1
It's a pretty good case; it is OtterBox after all. Pros: Feels like quality; feels like it'll protect my phone, etc. Cons: The bottom doesn't fit properly so it's just a bit awkward on the phone; I had to put down a bit more force to use the volume buttons and power button after case was on; it was a struggle to get it to stay without jamming, and once I did get it, the covers for the audio port and charging were a bit difficult to open (since they were stuck)	2
Dislike that food stored in containers becomes somewhat wet. I would not recommend storing anything in these for longer than a day as it may mildew. If you are looking for containers to use in lunch totes this is probably a good option but do not recommend it for food storage at home. Won't buy again, definitely paid way too much.	1
This was a slog! I love Flavia and this book did her character a disservice. The characters and their motives were not fleshed out. Lost opportunity! :(	1
Our young rabbits slipped right out of these each time we put them on, even in the tightest configuration. Might work better on larger rabbits or other small pets.	1
Share the seat just buy bases	2
I bought and installed this item This product is more dash cam than backup cam. Cons The video washes out during the day, you can see a faint video image overlaid with the regular rear view mirror. Because you are binding a larger mirror over your standard mirror, all vibrations get amplified, looking in the mirror while driving on all but the smoothest roads will show a jittery blurry rear view image. It would be nice if a rubber grommet was provided. It would also be nice if a quick splice terminal was included. It would be nice if a micro sd card was included, if there’s no card installed the system takes 50 seconds to start No backup cam illumination leds Pros, When it is dark enough to see the video, it is impressive, it fills the mirror and is sharp. Night vision looks very good Image quality overall is very good. Installation is very easy, the camera uses a 4 pin plug to hook up to the main cable. It is much smaller than regular RCA jacks, making the hole that much smaller. Touch screen works well, just as good as any smartphone. I am somewhat pleased with this product, but the intermittent turning off and washed out video make me less satisfied. If this is installed in a van without windows or a rv, the washing out of the image may not happen as much.	2
Can you please send me directions on how to set it up?	2
I am in love with this hair product since the moment I got it! I spray my hair before drying it with the hair dryer or before using straightener/curler. It leaves my hair soft, shiny and healthy looking. The smell is very pleasant as well. I will definitely be buying it again.	2
I bought this as a gift for my grandmother who only wants practical items. It has a nice weight and it is really soft. The bonus for me: the packaging it came in made it easy to wrap.	2
Said it fits y car to big	1
I like it but some reviews said it had a charget and one review showed a picture of the included charger. Less stars for that reason. Otherwise, it works well.	2
Looks super cheap. Wouldn't use for our windows in our house. Sent back!	1
These things are worthless. The water runs out in a day or two.	1
Excellent buy, easy to install and for perfect! Don’t have to worry about getting my carpets dirty now!	2
I got these to help keep my medicine patch on while swimming, but it just peels away when wet. I've tried using medical tape on the corners and it helps some, but if you're planning on getting more wet than just a shower, I would try something else.	1
I bought this to add to my water pick and it is amazing. It helps my mouth feel so clean. I also love you can’t use to much as it is very strong. So it will last long I’m so cheap so the longer it last the less time I have to purchase.	2
I was thinking that have a power supply together. It is just the support. The top end for cable assembly could be more longer because could break the cable easy	2
Would have liked it to be just a little bit taller...she doesn't play with it much because it is so close to the ground, I think.	2
Sent wrong cover twice	1
It works for my HK Onyx speaker but fits loosely and charges slowly.	2
charge one time, I can use it so many times for my phone or pad. And it no heat up when charge to my devices. and it has 1A and 2A for you. It's beautiful	2
I wear these under light weight cardigans, not flowy at all	2
Not good it’s very see through	1
its grease, makes things greasy	2
Broke on the first try	1
This is a really nice band! Feels much more secure than my other band. I only gave it 4 stars because the color in the picture isn’t accurate. It’s more like a baby pink. It’s still very pretty! Just know what you’re getting. Here’s a picture that I believe accurately captures the color.	2
Love this book. I can’t say enough about how enjoyable this read was.	2
gave 3 stars because it is a protective and sturdy case, but it is nearly impossible to get off your phone.. i almost broke my phone trying to get the case off.	2
This definitely emits a laser as advertised, but unlike most cat laser pointers the button toggles the laser on and off, rather than the laser only being on while you hold the button. This seems more dangerous, as it slows how quickly I can turn off the laser, and may risk damage to cat eyes.	2
The flowers were already wilted over when unpacked from the box. Much smaller than the picture on Amazon. You get what you pay for.	1
Pretty decent for an amazon seller. Actually pigmented. Does smell a little weird though.	2
The grenade is smaller than expected	1
This bag is not good to use. Will not buy it again. If you want to buy a bag, you maybe have a better one waiting for you.	1
Repair of broken handle for a Travel Pro suitcase. Fit well. No problems. Did not have to drill new holes in the case to accept new handle brackets.	2
Exactly as described	2
I am very satisfied with the results so far. I’ve noticed less inflammation in my hands and knees. Expecting to see more improvements as I continue. Very easy to swallow!	2
The handle is extremely hot as is the cover which you have to take off to pour. Ridiculous. Not only did I burn my finger taking off the cover but the heat warped it. Very unhappy with the features.	1
Perfect size to put in my daughters lunch bag	2
I had no idea this had caffeine since its an herb. I used 1 tsp and let it seep 5 minutes in a tea ball, holy cow I am glad I used the lowest dose. My heart has being racing for the last 1/2 hour. This herb company should seriously note that there is caffeine in the online product description. The tea also didn't qualify for a refund, thankfully Amazon was understanding enough to give me one.	1
Bought these mainly as cake toppers for my son's cake. The vehicles are the perfect size and I like how you're able to move the pieces to position them on the cake however you like. And of course, my son will be able to play with them afterwards. My only complaint, the stickers on the signs look like they were in a rush while applying. I wasn't able to use most of the signs, because when trying to fix/remove/replace the stickers, they just ripped. Which is why I knocked off one star. But all in all, I'd definitely recommend this kit. My son loves construction trucks and he could care less if a sticker is crooked!	2
I love these bowls. They are great for mixing food in. My only dislike are the lids not staying on.	2
I love this blanket allot, my only complains are that it is a little loud when you move on it and that it’s very difficult to fold back into the carrying position you have to fold it in thirds for it to work well.	2
Think twice before ordering.	1
Great product. Holds a loaded tactical shotgun with no problem at all. Mounted it to the back of my headboard. You cannot see the magnet or the weapon at all. Awesome buy.	2
This product doesn’t fill in the scratches. Just makes the floor shiny. So if you think it will cover up the dog nail marks it doesn’t.	1
Super cute dog loves it. However the slip to protect the memory foam did not fit. I attempted to reach out to company prior to reviewing and did not get a response.	2
I loved learning so much more about Queen Isabella and King Ferdinand.	2
update: after removing the second gasket, all is good! had to get a response from seller to know to do that. now it works great! This bottle works great but the lid is horrible!!! It will just pop off! Happened at home twice, at the gym once and is a total problem! Went to return it, but missed the date by a week. There should probably be more threads on the outside of the bottle, the lid has plenty, but you think it’s closed and it isn’t! Don’t buy!!	2
It came in an off peach color, more like flesh tone. Looks used up on the edges. My son kept it as it is unique but I was not impressed.	2
Pretty Sharp, but I’ve had better.	2
The paint job on it wasn’t to great .	2
It’s alright. There were some marks on it when I got it. Thought I would be able to see the Apple logo through it but I can’t.	2
Worked great when I was engorged, once I was not filling up as much I had a hard time getting this to keep suction, did not work well staying on when I tried to use on my other side when breastfeeding, its a great concept but only ok in actual use, I never used it on its own, only when feeding	2
I do no rate this transaction cause I did place my order is post delivered next day cause I have prime but is Friday and we still no have it .... read the message and said the package will be delivered on Tuesday next week I’m so disappointed I pay $12 dollar for amazon prime a month I’m so unhappy	1
We have been using Keurig machines for years, in fact we have one that is about 6 years old. We bought one last year and it broke in a year so we needed a new one. Well this one is cheaply made, pieces literally come apart in your hands and I figure it won't make a year. I guess unless you buy top of the line you will end up with the new generation of garbage. Very disappointed in Keurig	1
Not at all durable. Flimsy plastic, broke and chipped while putting it on my phone for the first time.	1
I loved the characters. I would have given it a 5 star rating but I felt like the end was abrupt and caught me by surprise. It didn’t feel finished to me. Otherwise great book though and I definitely recommend it!	2
Nicer than expected! The coaster are quite heavy with kind of a sloppy gold paint on the edges. I feel like they’re sloppy on purpose, not like they did a bad job or anything. It’s a natural stone and the gold metallic paint is imperfect just like the stone. I would not personally give them as a gift shipped straight from Amazon because the packaging is not nice at all. Cheap corrugated, damp-feeling paper/cardboard box that looks like it should have been unpacked before being sold in retail. But overall very happy with the coasters in our formal living room.	2
Very easy to use for a first time piercer! Earrings went in exactly where I marked the ears.	2
the supporting d ring set up is not that strong	2
I ordered grey sheets and was sent blue sheets with a note that said we ran out of grey, hope blue is ok. Its not ok and that's a terrible way to do business. please refund my money	1
Easy to assemble. Right height. Fast delivery. Rolls with ease.	2
Extremely disappointed in these. Definitely do not appear to be 'hand-painted' nor is there really an ombre effect. These look just like the cheap version available for more than $20 less.	1
These sunglasses are giving me headaches when I wear them. I wasted my money.	1
Very cute first shoes. I really liked the rubber soles and they held up outside. Soft and easy to walk in so baby gets used to wearing shoes. A nice transition shoe.	2
Great quality material, seems a little thing and very tight. Concerned the material might tear but beautiful prints!	2
The script was superior-really well written.I also enjoyed the performances of all the actors. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of the torture scenes. Ugh!	2
Too small, which is rare in my case...	1
won't stay on the bed	2
These speakers have never worked. Initially, I believed it was because I connected them to a refurbished computer, but they havent worked on any devices.	1
They are too small and the wide angle makes cars seems like they are waaaay further back than they are. Disappointed.	1
I ordered 2 of these and although the packaging looked the same, the clips were definitely not. One package had thin, flimsy clips when compared to the other pack. They both seem to be holding the pegs well, but I'm curious to see how the clips hold up in relation to each other over time.	2
I bought these for my boyfriend and he loves them. He said they're already his favorite pair!	2
I bought this for my wife to match the blue star shaped necklace I gave her last year. We're an honest couple and she informed me that it looked too fake. I thought it looked fine, but she said I was a men and what do I know about jewelry. In the end I decided to return it for a true elegant bracelet. That's it, she feel pleased this time.	2
My shampoo and conditioner arrived but I’m very poor shape. It wasn’t packaged properly. Shampoo spilled in the envelope as well as the plastic it was wrapped in. The plastic and the envelope did not protect the items. I’m so disappointed because this shampoo and conditioner is not cheap. I’m very disappointed.	1
Doesnt look like the pic or fit like the pic. The butterflies were unexpected and tacky	1
Striping tool blades is bad after 10 usages. Cutting tool blade starts having ding as well. Not sure if these are made in USA	1
This is the second time I've ordered from this company. The first time I received the wrong item and no one followed up on the complaint. This time the box was packed so poorly that the bottle was damaged and liquid leaked all over the package.	1
good product with a good price	2
Love the style, feel all of it. The only issue is I thought it would be a little bigger and I was hoping for more color but it really only pops with a flash on a camera..	2
First of all, they took a long time to get to me. They come with no instructions. No way of knowing when they are fully charged. Charge doesn't last long, at all. And they scratch very easily. Very disappointed with this product unfortunately.	1
Items arrived and one of the six boxes was open, it looks like it was packaged this way, not a shipping issue. All the other boxes were fine. Not comfortable eating the items from the open box.	1
Unit would not work with a new 64 GB memory card. Had to use a 32 GB card of same speed/manufacturer of 64 GB. Also, supplied power cable defective. Does not power unit, but red LED is on 12 VDC plug. Be aware, unit uses a micro USB connector, so don't order the wrong in-car cable. A mini USB will not work (Too large). Pleased with operation using a 32 GB card and another manufacturers micro USB cable. Mobile app also seems to work fine, so far. Update: Manufacturer send a new cable to replace defective one. Took several weeks to get here from China, but it works.	2
That is what I use for so many years	2
Some how missed just how small these are.	1
Reason I purchased this glass cutter was I needed a few pieces of glass cut, I have never cut glass before this particular tool was recommended to me by a friend. I’ll begin by saying they cutting glasses more than our farm and less of , I have never cut glass before this particular tool was recommended to me by a friend. I’ll begin by saying the cutting glasses more than our farm and less of that skill a skill At least that’s the way I see it I will need lots more practice to get really good at cutting glass but I was able to accomplish what I set out to do so I give this tool five stars	2
The piece of metal that keeps the blade from opening in your pocked and aids in the assisted opening is too stiff. It renders the thumb knobs useless for trying to flip it open with the back of your thumb. Mine may have been an outlier and manufactured improperly. Generally I am a big advocate for Gerber products so I was disappointed when I tried this knife out.	1
Used with a moisturizer, used without a moisturizer, used with fair skin, used with dark skin, used with green eggs and ham, used with Sam I Am, this garbage is little more than a poor "foundation" makeup material that has nothing about it that is "bronzing" at all. Made even worse my the high price. Do yourself a favor and get a cheap sunless tanning product instead and save money and disappointment.	1
Hat was cute but tiny!! Had to return.	2
Got this as a Christmas gift for my daughter. The ballerina wouldn’t make a full spin without getting stuck.	1
Not super high quality but very acceptable for the price and function well	2
They stick really well to your face, can last all day at a music festival!	2
Overall liked the product. As stated in other reviews, easy to remove and must remove to charge. Pros: feel like watch is protected, easy to remove, clear so watch color still visible. Cons: must remove for activities in the water or water gets under and reduces vision and touch screen capability. Inside scratched when drying, and is now visible on the screen. When removed can be hard to find due to clear color.	2
When it came across what brand bread machine I should purchase, I choose this brand because I brought a juicer in this brand before and it work fine. I not a huge fan of bread, but my mom is. She used once already and she love using it. She can now add her own ingredient like nut and raisin.	2
the wig looks nothing like the picture. the hair is very thin and the hair line is not even close to the pic. the wig is also shorter than the pice.	1
Really pretty. The only slight disappointment I have is that the pillow cases are brighter colors than the more muted quilt. But, they go ok. Great quilt for the price.	2
velcro on the belt not holding	2
Works well for how much I paid.	2
Love This on my curvy body. The lace is nice not itchy or irritating.	2
Even though it’s adjustable it was way too big. The listing didn’t have any measurements, so I assumed with it being adjustable it would be fine. The non adjustable portion is 8” long and my wrist is 6”, so it falls off easily. I requested a refund, but they said they would only refund 20% of my purchase.	1
Not the bold flavor I'm used to in a Sumatra coffee. Did not care for it; took it to work for others to use that prefer a milder flavor.	1
Doesnt fit right needs to be more solid too flimsy	1
One leg shorter than the other	2
It looks like the person who made this found this material at the sewing store. Then, they put a ribbon around the edge. It's a great gift for someone who like day of the dead. My roommate thinks that it is much more expensive than it is.	2
This was a scary story written for the younger set. Had I been a teen girl, I probably would have given this 5 stars.	2
Absolutely Beautiful- The Rich Green looks is just Stunning. I Love this Cable Knit Sweater. It is very, very Pretty. Sincerely, F.E. Manuel	2
Very good. but it's too expensive	2
It started my dump truck one time. However it didn’t te-started it. Nothing Below 85% charge. I’m sure it works fine for lower engine cars.	2
I would like to say they were great but sadly I had to return them because they were the wrong style and color socks — not at all what was shown. I ordered womens quarter length socks but I was sent “no show” socks.	1
I had to return this because it didn’t work upon arrival. I have an exact replica of this clock that I purchased several years ago that is still operational but I wanted another for another location. The clock mechanism on this unit felt cheap and brittle in comparison and (as I said) it didn’t work when it arrived.The thermometer and humidity gauge appeared accurate which is the reason for 2 stars, however I wouldn’t recommend the product.	1
The magnet that is at the bottom of the charging case has started to become lose after about a month of having these but still are working. I’m disappointed and thought that these parts would last a little longer than just a month. If I could get a replacement case I would be greatful but other than that sounds great and the bass is low and overall a great product. I have changed my review due to the left earbud volume being reduced to barely audible and the right earbud is just fine. Definitely won’t be buying from this company again only the known brands like Sony.	1
Perhaps I didn’t pay enough attention to what this product is made to do, but for me, all it did was add weight and grease. There is no additional lift, no definition.	1
It helps to moisturize and keeps it hydrated as sleeping pack but it has some artificial scent to it!	2
Everything is fine, I just don't know if it is working.	2
Charges decently, install wasn't too bad. However, setting up the wifi is poorly implemented as other reviews state. One thing I didn't see mentioned is you can't connect to a hidden network - if you don't broadcast normally you'll have to turn it on, connect, and then hide your network again.	2
didnt do what we were hoping didnt help any	1
These are really cute however they were a bit short for my tongue, but they were the perfect size for my navel. So it's still a Win win for me,	2
Flimsy. Poor quality.	1
You've got to retie the drawstring knots if you're going to carry heavier weight but it's a solid bag.	2
Had large pockets with plenty of room. However, I brought it to a music festival and the main zipper broke the first time I tried to use it. I could only use it to hold the water bladder (which worked well and didn't leak) because the smaller front zipper also broke the next day. Not too upset because I didn't pay that much money for it and I could still carry my water, but I will not be buying again.	1
I’m sorry, but I have to be honest. The charging system is horrible. The distance that our guests can travel is extremely limited. I would love to get a refund but I’m sure it’s too late.	1
Every label stuck in the machine and won’t feed through. The paper thickness on the label is very thin and their glue exceeds the label which sticks in the machine.	1
They are not for a formal setting. They are okay for a casual gathering. They were much bigger than expected.	1
It looks very nice, but be aware that the low water flow will create problems getting hot water on a demand hot water system. My husband was able to tinker with it and remove the restrictors in order to get a water flow that was strong enough to have hot water again. Needs a better water flow, otherwise great.	2
Unfortunately these arrived with all colored surfaces scratched up. They appear to have already been used or maybe it is damage from the shipping process. Buyer beware on this as they are not returnable. I guess I got what I paid for. :-(	1
Easy to use. Point and squeeze. Got rid of my aunt problem in my kitchen. Great.	2
This has to be the biggest waste of money on a slow computer , the speed is so slow and crashes so often	1
Even with brightness all the way up it was way too dark.	1
This oil is incredible. I live by the ocean and using this has noticeably reduced my frizziness, and my hair feels so healthy. My hair is wavy and kind of thin, but this doesn’t weigh it down at all. I try to use it after every shower but even on days I don’t apply it, my hair seems to be more maintained. Would recommend for all hair types	2
Liked them n easy to install	2
Not sure what to think. As the pic shows, hot ashes turned this ash bucket into a rust bucket. It’s still functional, for now. I had no idea hot ashes from the grill shoveled into an ash bucket would turn it into an eyesore. The rust you see goes all the way around the bucket. The paint all flaked off. I expect it will rust through in time.	2
Ordered a black and they sent a red. Not sure why it would be so hard to send this correct one? I'll be returning it.	2
Still cannot apply the lashes; probably user error.	1
I was very excited to get this oil combination. I had researched the different oils and this was the one recommended for the best price. It is very irritating. My skin reacted immediately when I put a small dab on my wrist. I ordered 3 roll ons and don’t want to try them. None are returnable.	1
Fits good but the color runs	2
I love the scent and it's very soothing, but it does seem to fade quickly.	2
It was not as sparkling but the quality of the frame was excellent.	2
Stopped working in the middle of a shoot. First time we had used it but ordered it a month prior so they wouldn't do anything for it	1
These are great to wear under scrubs for work! However, they run EXTREMELY small. I’m so glad I ordered the 2X because they fit more like a large. So definitely size up if you order.	2
I don't really care if I had a copper cup that tarnished, but when the selling point of a product is that it has a thin lacquer to prevent this and it doesn't do it...then i say BS. These have been used once, never in a dishwasher, and I have black spots forming all over them. Weight is just like any other cheap copper cup out there. You are not getting any better quality here. They are still pretty chintzy. Nice design, but not worth the price.	2
It’s okay, these are definitely really cute. But very small and don’t hold much, they’re also quite inconvenient to use	2
I cant find these in the store, so I purchased online, 19 bucks for chocolate filled marshmallows is super excessive but I will say, we roasted them over the fire and they were amazing	2
I like how these are flexible and affordable. Would recommend.	2
Love the brushes. Soft and great for blending. Large for quick application if you need to move fast.	2
now all i have to do is teach dog owners how to read.	2
Still have not received my order yet. Was supposed to be here a week ago and order just keeps saying on its way!	1
taste great. cook in toaster oven for better flavor.	2
This is like no other mirror!	2
Got this for a party. It was perfect	2
It really did help me to fall asleep	2
It worked well for about 5 months then curled on the edges. I have to replace it because it has become a tripping hazard in my home office.	1
Bought this in May 2018, died August 2018. Would be nice if we could be sent a replacement free of charge.	1
The case looks very nice and sleek yet it’s not very durable. My toddler had my phone and dropped it on the steps. The case cracked immediately on the back.	1
I was always running out of battery early afternoon now my phone is charged all day	2
Fits perfectly. I love it! It feels solid and it doesn't feel flimsy. I have used similar products in the past, but they were flimsy; it seemed very sturdy when we were putting it together. I would highly recommend this rack.	2
Gap between shade and vehicle. About 2" were did not seal.	1
Ordered this ahead of time to repair our daughter's laptop for when we saw her. They shipped the laptop screen in a padded envelope. Not surprising it is bent and we ordered it over a month ago so we can't go through Amazon for a return. We're out of $60.	1
The case was itself was not bad but when I put my phone in it, it made the case bigger than it should. The case that holds the phone didn't come off from the whole wallet, so when answering a call, you have to put up the whole wallet to your ear. I literally put it on my phone to try it out and took it off and placed it in a drawer ever since. Waste of money.	1
So I got the motherboard and the gpu piece wouldn't come up so I figured I had to apply a little bit more pressure to the lever and it broke...	1
Easy for kids to use. I have a 5 year old and 3 year old grandkids. They were both able to toss into the air and loved playing with them. Just make sure you don't have to have them right away. Took long time for shipping!	2
Not all parts come with this package. We were Installing the fixtures and realized we needed more Moen products to complete the install underneath these fixtures. We did not know that and ended up having to buy more parts for it. You have to also use Moen products for it which cost just as much or more than the fixture kits themselves. Big hassle of returning and ordering and more money spent over all.	1
I haven't received it yet...... Suppose to be delivered already but is late.	1
They are way bigger than the usual large and packaging says "mens" which is not even an option when ordering.	2
I love this coffee table! It looks great in my living room and is the perfect size. You won’t be disappointed!	2
Wow! This projector is so bright! Our previous unit was so dim that we had to dim the lights to get a good picture. 4000 Lumens baby! Shipped quick and the price was right.	2
exceptional, and your talking to a tool guy	2
Great price, seems to be working well!	2
Work well, but should have been included with the bottles in the first place! All of a sudden, you need new nipples and have to buy these things.	2
This product works as advertised. After about 15 seconds has a definite cooling effect. Only downside is lots of warning about spraying near painted surfaces, fabrics etc. makes you wonder if you should be spraying on yourself. Nonetheless I find this a good product and will order again.	2
I’ve had 5 false positive! It’s very annoying when your trying to have a baby and you get these results that turn out to be false! I was so excited because i have never had a false positive only time i had a positive was when i was actually pregnant... I was excited to get blood work done to only have them come back negative...	2
Still haven’t received the case if oil.	1
Splits line to allow charging and headset. Headset does not work as phone mic/headset	1
This was given to a friend for birthday present, she constantly doesn't have enough power for use all day, she liked the charger because it portable and have the power cord attached with the charger for her Iphone 8, and the charger is also a quick charger within less than an hour her phone is fully charged. Highly recommend for Iphone's.	2
Recommend this product . couple of times kids enjoy playing with it	2
Did not like this item.	1
The actual bar was good but the vesa portion was not strong enough. Used another clamp mount on the pole for extra durability. So they lose 2 stars.	2
To small can only hold a sandwich. But it’s pretty	1
this is a used item and was not advertised as one	1
Great buy. Quality knife.	2
Love the story of the movie..but i didnt like the actors..	1
We wanted the bigger one, but obviously we order the smaller, but it works in our summer cottage.	2
Not as pretty as pictured but nice, will wear it.	2
I bought 3 packs and all did not last more than a month. 2 of the 3 packs were stocking stuffers (total 4 cords) they're already in the trash. 2 cords keeps having pop ups - does not support device, so they'll flip the cord but need to constantly adjust it so they just threw it away. other 2 cords surprisingly my 16 month old grandson actually snapped (obviously not so strong/durable). I emailed the seller as they stated to contact them and they'll replace or refund at 100%, no questions asked etc..... 5 days later, still no response. I'll be surprised if my review will actually get approved to post	1
I usually love M&Ms, but these missed the mark.	2
My son loves it. Especially a drill. Everything as expected. Happy with the purchase	2
This chair is very comfortable. The cup holder is very convenient. Although delivery took an extra day, the seller was very helpful in finding a resolution.	2
I've purchased this item maybe 2 months ago and it's really cute, and my little guy loves it. My problem with it is that some of the designs on the pieces are coming apart from the wooden base. Not very resistant.	2
2009 JK Wrangler, installed these to replace headlights. Manufacturing specs slightly off, the H13 side will not click into the OEM connector. Sleeve does not cover the wires completely. One headlight keeps going on/off since I've installed, even after using zipties + electrical tape to secure.	1
Not for super smart kids, my 5 year old nephew was bored in minutes... too easy for him	2
It throws the snow but already had to replace the auger. Hit a piece of ice and shattered it. The auger should be hard rubber not plastic. Cost me an extra $27	2
My granddaughter loves these shoes. They looked better than I expected. Extremely cute. She wants to wear them every day to school.	2
Way to difficult to get over my head I misunderstood the front closures purpose. I ordered 2x way too small very disappointed oh well I learned something.	1
I tried putting on one of the hidden protectors and it cracked instantly! Hopefully the other one last	2
I bought the black and Love the look and feel but they turn sheets an mattress gray even thought being washed 8 times	1
Doesn't charge my galaxy s8 like advertised	1
This is a little thick for my taste but i did not get it for everyday use. This is for when i go out of town and just need to pack my id. When i dont want to keep my wallet on me. While the back looks nice in the picture it does not have a real metal look to it. Its carved plastic. But for the price i was not expecting anything special. What i didnt care for was how boxy it felt in my hand. Just not what i liked. I was able to fit my DL and 1 credit card in the holder. It is not ideal for using with 2 cards as getting them out quickly is not always possible. But like i said this is for when i am out and want to simplify. That is my trade off.	2
This book is interesting, but the author is badly in need of a proof reader. Spelling is terrible, and the book would be lucky to get a D from a high school English teacher.	1
I never wanna take it off my girls. They looks super cute in it.	2
A classic, nothing more to say.	2
Thought I was going to get the one prefilled to take on trip. Not what I wanted.	2
We replaced the parts according to instructions. The wheels broke off after about six weeks.	1
Loved how fierce the female lead is. Would have given 5 stars had I known that there wasn't really a conclusion to this book because book 2 has the same issues.	2
Doesn't fit all spokes. Got it to adjust spokes on a beach bike and all sizes were to big.	2
The trash can seems to work well. I dropped the rating because I ordered Stainless Steel and received Black. It seems to work, so I’ll be keeping it, but I would have preferred what I had ordered.	2
It's a decent stand. The seat is comfortable. The foot platform is small. You don't have much room to stand. It doesn't grip the tree very well. Kinda scares me sometimes. The teeth are not pointy. They are squared off. I took a file and made them pointy. It helped to bite into bark better. It is pretty light and easy to hang on the tree and put it back together. Climbing up the tree is a little difficult since you don't have a place to sit with it being open faced. The backpack staps suck. They are like bungee cords. Not a good design. Overall not a bad stand but there are better ones out there.	2
Perfect case except fingerprints and smudges appear constantly, no matter how clean my hands are. The one downside of the satin smooth plastic and dark color options.	2
I used it to remove and install a heater door actuator ina 2004 ford explorer. It would have helped greatly in was a couple inches longer for this job and because of the very hard to reach to screw being magnetic would have been a blessing.	2
I bought the blue it's not As the picture thin and color not as the picture shows	1
Not worth buying this. Toys are horrible you buy so many nice gadgets, video games etc. Dont waste money on this toy.	1
This helps my back somewhat although I wish it was a bit larger. It is quite stiff also..	2
Item was defective 2 times and the seller didn’t want to get back to me for the warranty very poor communication.	1
Mounting process was a little tedious but is very secure.	2
can't answer the durability question just go the product.	2
This story was interesting enough to keep me reading, but I didn't love it. The main character was nice, but I didn't relate to her or her choices much... however there would not have been a story if she made more honest choices. If you're looking for a quick easy read, I'd say go for it, but if you prefer something with more depth and character development, I'd say pass.	2
Many have broke in half by the magnet. Would not recommend this product.	1
Incredibly uneven collection of short stories. A couple were good, but several seemed incomplete. Save your time and find something else.	1
It was exactly what was needed for my daughter and her laptop and it was exactly on time.	2
Not fit ax i need and also very cheap suit	2
it holds all my badges for work perfectly. Very happy with my purchase.	2
Cameras were clear unless is was dark good pictures for the most part but had to keep my phone on the screen to record, couldn’t get the motion detection to record automatically at all called customer support and the voicemail was full left a call back number I’m guessing texts them never got a call went step by step with the instructions book and some of the prompts didn’t even work at this point I’m getting ready to send it back!	1
The product was just as described. Good quality for the price.	2
I read the reviews before ordering and i got them and i really like them. Not as true to color as the picture but close enough.	2
This does not work I've been trying to get in touch with this site..	1
Worked great for about 6 months, then the wireless charging for the phone stopped working. Reaching out to seller hoping for a replacement.	1
My daughter slept on it probably twice when she was a newborn. She didn’t like it at all. In top of that, it is hard to assemble and the rocket function never worked.	1
Was kinda upset did not get good ones idk if monday I'll have my husband buy me a different kit from somewhere else on here	1
Very cute design. Wasn't crazy about the material... felt kinda cheapy	2
It smells a lot like fish food, but my dog seems to enjoy it. I crush them up and put it in my dogs food bowl. I can't really tell if it works for my dogs coat to be honest.	2
Not a very good substitute for muffins, got these to help with breakfast ideas when I had gestational diabetes and my morning glucose didn't respond well to this (still higher than my parameters were set). The texture wasn't great either.	1
A different kind of book. Lighthearted and short. 92 percent match but a 110 percent perfect for each other. This was a nice pace from the other series books. Thanks for the happy detour	2
Loved it until it stopped working. Thought it would last longer. Stopped working Feb 2018 After review written, a free replacement product was offered and sent. Great customer service. New cord working great.	2
Use is a bit of a challenge for me. I probably filled it too full. I suspect I did not sharpen my knife adequately. Any number of reasons - maybe even not turning the vegetables properly - not as easy as pictured, for me. I think with very simple ingredients and a very, very sharp knife, it could work fine.	2
I really want to like something with Lance Henriksen in it besides Millennium and Aliens. Alas, this is not it. Whoever did costumes and set design needs to get out of their own head and start looking at what real people and places look like. I seriously didn't know for a long time whether this was supposed to be the 80s or today. The rear window rip off was interesting for about 5 seconds. Those were the only enjoyable seconds in the movie.	1
They do not make my hands feel warm. Actually it made my hands feel cool unless I put them against my body.	1
It's ok for what it costs. Clip doesn't really hold on its own.	2
So nice! My granddaughter loves it!!	2
Exactly what I wanted. The case was delivered within expected time. It looks great on the phone and others have asked where I bought it.	2
Soft, satiny fabric, cushioned above the eyes but not below. The unfinished edges of the fabric are quite uncomfortable on my cheeks under the eyes, even after loosening the strap significantly. Won’t work for me, unfortunately.	2
I'm very happy with product thank you	2
Works, but poorly designed. Flaws: 1) the 1/4-20 screw is too long for a camera socket. This means an additional washer is needed on the underside. However, because the screw head is quite tall, an added washer causes the screw head to project below the plane of the bottom of the dovetail bar. This, in turn, will cause the entire adapter to rock when placed against a flat surface; and 2) it lacks a flat top surface to mate with the underside of a camera. Instead, the camera bottom is in contact with the thin edges of the top of the dovetail bar. This will stress the camera too much for my tastes. For a specialty item, this should have been designed with more care. I will probably send mine back and continue to use my ABS 3D printed version until it wears out.	1
My rear camera image is upside down. The camera is installed correctly on license plate. There is no function in the setup menu to rotate the image. Bummer.	2
Corner was a little crushed --- not real pleased with that aspect of the purchase.	2
The pages do not tear out for easy sharing. Some hidden treasures are spread over two pages which makes it awkward for my 4 and 7 year old in the car for entertainment while I drive.	2
I'm glad I purchased this adapter. It makes everything so much more convenient now that I am able to charge my iPhone and listen to my earbuds at the same time. It is lightweight and very handy, small so easy to carry.	2
Product didn't fit snuggly as expected. Cute though.	2
This is such a beautiful quilt set! It is xx long and wide so it covers my king size bed but leaves my bedskirt peaking out the bottom, which I wanted. I can remove my bed skirt and it would work for a bedspread. Great price too and the patchwork is beautiful!	2
Sounds good, very portable, and cheap. Battery don't hold to much. Bluetooth works with everything I have.	2
These motion sensor lights work really well and the fact that there are 2 in the order makes them a good buy. I use them in a dark pantry cabinet and they give off bright light so finding what I am looking for is a breeze.	2
It worked when I installed it on March...it's almost July and it doesn't work anymore. In the process of trying to get it replaced under their 1 year warranty.	2
They fit fine but the material looks cheap and is smelly. Pros: fit, design cons: material feels weird and smelly Won’t buy again but likely won’t return unless material isn’t breathable. Fine for working in my yard but won’t wear them in public.	1
Didn’t work at all for our dogs.	1
This Is my first MG kit and it’s pretty cool. It looks great with the clear green gn swords. The only problem is when you attach the backpack. You need to pay attention, it’s little bit complicated. But, overall this is a cool kit that you must have. The kit also came with a stand and the decals.	2
While these earbuds work very good they are too large. They need to be oblong to stay in the ear. These are so large they fall out and are uncomfortable.	1
Product was not well made and arrived falling apart.	1
Liked this case has mirror and card storage	1
Paid 50$ for a used roomba and these have worked perfect fit right in.	2
Its OK -just not as good as most of this series. Sow in spots.	2
In my quest to find the best electric razor I read some reviews and bought this. I loved it at first and had a pretty close shave but the plastic it’s made out of is cheap and the head would come off when using it. It does hold a charge for a very long time. I would spend the extra money and get a better product.	1
I like the case and I even read the reviews and no one complained about the button on the back not being able to scan the finger print. It is to deep and I can't hardly get my finger in there for it to scan it.	2
thin so isn't good for wipe warmer but good	2
It didn’t kill all the fleas but did kill some.	1
The tank looks great! The double boxing and styrofoam was excellent, none of that was damaged however the tank still was. I’m thinking Carolina needs to do a thorough inspection of each tank before they are taped shut because this is not damage that could have been done after being boxed. It looks like it was hit with a blunt object. Requested a replacement, I’ll update later.	1
Great case, the grainy feel of the old joycons get lost so feels a bit sweaty sometimes	2
Great replacement flowers!! Better than the originals!	2
its smaller than I expected but its does a good job exfoliating but its really small	1
I have had this for a couple years now and it is still great. No scratches, chips or rust	2
I purchased this to replace the 40 year old version I had of it on my bathtub. I have an old claw foot tub with no shower so I have to use a faucet sprayer if I want to rinse like a shower would. You can’t turn the water pressure up very high otherwise the suction cup pops off the faucet but once you find a good pressure that isn’t too strong it gets the job done. My only complaint is that the tubing is kind of flimsy which causes it to kink/fold in on itself and makes it feel cheap.	2
it is quite durable looking but the colors were is a little dull and did not look as classy as the images.	1
Pretty hard to assemble when they don't send all the parts. And since I can't assemble it much less use it, value is pretty worthless too!	1
They fit just right I just didn't like that the bag was open	2
This is a very nice smell. Very much worth the cost.	2
These are great! They fit as I would expect. The pockets work well for my pixel XL. I bought 4 pairs and wish there were more colors!	2
I couldn’t put this book down until I finished it.	2
I thought when I read details & reviews this would give me great for my room to give better reception & more channels but as with everything it's a gamble buying online! It surly isn't worth the money!	1
Very comfortable, recommended!	2
Had to modify, but it works fine. Old set had holes on both sides	2
The second day I wore them I broke out and had to skip a couple of days. They have silicone in them and apparently, I have a sensitivity to it. Keep a watch on them for that reason. Otherwise, comfortable on a warm day	2
So far works as advertised. Sold mount and phone magnet is strong.	2
Looks great Keyboard works well...	2
Extremely difficult to change out links and clasp.	2
Good PRICE, Good sound quality but it doesn't really cancel noise and THEY broke just AFTER ONE month of USE !!! I REALLY can't tolerate noise when I'm studying, like even gum chewing so about a month ago, I was on a hunt for noise-canceling headphones with a reasonable price tag. I came across these, read the reviews and decided to try them. They work but Certainly not the best noise canceling headphones. OH, AND THEY ARE BROKEN JUST AFTER ONE MONTH!	1
Won't charge completely even the first time charging them, light never turned green on charger even after charging for 15 hours. [UPDATE: Customer service was responsive and replacements came promptly, though I did ended up having to get regular non-rechargeable AA's during the wait at a local store because I needed some right away. I guess I was just unlucky to get a bad batch.]	2
The mount did not line up with the holes in my rack, so with the undo stress on the mount it split horizontally and the light went bouncing down the road (fortunately it survived). Obviously, the mounting hole patterns are not standardized. I ride 100+ miles a week, and have been in single digit temperatures, so that didn't help it either. I ordered another one, and will shave down the mounting post that doesn't fit in the hole of my rack. The light clips to the mount perfectly, as you would expect. Hope this helps.	2
We got the outfit for my nieces 1st birthday. It is adorable!!	2
For the price I was unimpressed. $16.00 for tumbled Rock chips, with poorly done engraving. Some of the rune symbols we're wrong and the gold pain was sloppily painted into the grooves. For this quality you could find a cheaper set.	1
Watch charger already quit working.	1
Best file cabinets I have ever bought!!! They open fully to reach even the very last file easily. Very sturdy!	2
flow of marker can be streaky, its not like a maker more like a paint brush. may need to go over it twice to get darker full color. dry's hard	2
Picture shown is of silver glasses however delivered product was dark gray plastic, not happy with that! Other than that they will suffice.	2
smaller than I expected	2
Kind of dull compared to sterling silver.	2
This oil did absolutely nothing for back pain or anxiety. It left a fishy after taste.	1
The stone board itself is fine, but I was sent two sets 2-prong forks and was missing one of the knives in the photo of the product. Kind of a ridiculous oversight by the packaging department.	1
This is a great supplement! I recommend it 100%	2
These pads are great for applying toner, removing makeup and non cosmetic uses like removing eye boogers from a cat. The rounds stay intact and so you're safe from cotton fuzz sticking to your face or manicure.	2
At first I thought 'where is this going'? Seven pieces of the moon? Twists lead to understanding and time leads to a story I'm glad I stuck with. That's all so I don't give it away.	2
They didn’t fit my truck as advertised. Very disappointed. I had to splice the wires together	1
claims it has complete works. It does NOT. false advertising.	1
I really like the pattern of this dress. The length makes it easy to wear to something more dressy. It is really comfortable and easy to throw on and look out together. I really prefer dresses with sleeves and sometimes they are hard to find. My favorite part of this dress is that it has sleeves so I feel more comfortable and confident.	2
interface is lame and repeating all songs only works for a few songs. When you power off it resets the random play list back to the first song so it doesn't really randomize your list. Got 2 probably wont use either one	1
Well I would love to give you an actual review of this product but I have not received it. I have tried to contact wheel toppers without any success. I have also informed amazon of this and so far I have not gotten any help from them. I am for the first time disappointed in them as well	1
Horrible fit under trousers. It looks as if my upper thighs are slim and the lower part is thick. Also my short is way too small to control the tummy	1
It is so easy to use and cleaning was so easy. Right size for my pots too.	2
I need to use a laptop throughout the day while working. This lets me keep it charging as I travel. It's so small it fits easily in the under armrest area of my tiny car.	2
Good quality and color.	2
When I unfolded the blanket sand came out. It is stained and smells like suntan lotion. Very disappointed with this experience! Returning.	1
Don't like to disparage a book, since I have difficulty composing a review on Amazon. However, it seemed to me the book contained too much 'filler." In other words, meaningless detail that didn't enhance the reader's understanding.	2
i ordered these a few months ago, after a while i checked to see if/when they were delivered. turns out they were delivered with another item. i suspect , that because they are so small, they got lost in the packaging. my bad for not being more thorough, but a friendly suggestion to make the packaging for small items stand out , say stapled to the packing list inside?	2
They know how to make a customer happy. Got exactly what I ordered in a timely fashion along with a little bag of randoms for free. Nice surprise	2
My only complaint about these books wound be that I found the main character to be mildly annoying. However, the story made the books nearly impossible to put down. The twists were so well done and I didn't see most of them coming. Wow. Well done. I highly recommend this series.	2
I had to fabricate extensions to get the necessary vertical lift for the basket to cleat the hood of my Club Car. Am also in the process of designing longer brackets that will allow my folding windshield to clear the rear of the basket.	1
One of the spoons cracked after ONE use.	1
Had a cable fail after a few months of light use. If you are looking at one of these for the Oculus Rift I would instead get the USB 2.0 version instead.	1
I ordered two leggings. One was black and one was grey. The size ordered as L/XL (plus size). The black one came with a tag and it was the right size. The grey one was small and had no tags at all. Also it was one size fits all. They should check their products before sending it.	1
Greasy didn't wash out completely	2
Item as described; good value; AAA+ seller; quick shipping.	2
I used it 2 times I think it is good	2
Nice product, It does what it is suppose to do.	2
I had bought one of these years ago and my son now thinks their super cool, so I bought him on for his birthday. Good heavy construction, so they hold up to lots of use or carrying around in your pocket. Fun way to work on spelling and secret codes at the same time for my 1st grader. He can easily spin the dial to the identified number and then decode my messages and vice a versa. Only problem is I may have get a second for one of his buddies if they keep sending coded messages to each other..	2
Received everything packaged nice the heat press pad looks like if I don't handle with over care it can easily tear will post another review after I actually put all the pieces together and use it.	2
It was used when I received it though I most definitely clicked on the new option.The colors look nice but I can't bring myself to touch the pallets. The dark blue color was emptied to the edges as if it had been used though there was a sticker on the opening as if it were a new product. It is otherwise as pictured and was delivered on time.	1
Love the texture but the fragrance is way too strong and gives me a headache	1
Well built and made to last	2
Looks like an old lady shirt. Maybe it's because I'm in my 40's, I don't know.	1
I do not find the bed very comfortable. I bought for my 4 year old son	1
First time buyer from this company. Great smelling, long lasting, larger than I thought. Price was half the cost of other candles. Would highly recommend to any candle loving, value conscious person.	2
I had these board for approximately a week, and pulled the marker out of the attached holder may three or four time before the entire holder simple fell apart, broken into little tiny pieces. On one, it was simply broken before we even received it. Highly disappointing based on the reviews I read before ordering.	1
The earrings are extremely well made and beautiful. Unfortunately they are too heavy for me and pull on my earlobes. The shipping cost is triple what the earrings cost and it is not worth the time or money to return them. I will have to give them away.	2
This oil smells bad. It smells like smokey burnt ashes. I will be returning this product ASAP. It’s also very thick and brown and other Jamaican black castor oil products that I have used have not looked or smelled like this. I would not recommend.	1
Like other reviewers have said, this only seals on edges and is not fingerprint resistant. Returning and trying a different brand.	1
The shipping was fast and the product arrived in very good condition. It looks good as a room divider. However, the assembling was more complicated than I thought. It took a long time to put it together with the small chains it comes with. Overall it is a good product, and they include a nice message decal if you decide to decorate the screen divider.	2
I have been using this hub for last couple of weeks and works great, occasionally the power source is not detected and I have to unplug and re-plug the USB-C power source. Not sure its its a defect, but rest works great! Thanks!	2
I bought this sticker for a friend for her new car. She said she put it on at night (and she's had other decals on her old car, she knows how to put them on,) and the next morning it was laying on the ground and wouldn't stick back onto her window. You get what you pay for...	1
Broken after 3 months	1
It never even came 🤦‍♀️	1
Causes my iMac to disconnect from wifi...no idea why but I tested everything and as soon as this splitter is plugged in, wifi connection drops.	1
It's a little hard to work, moving the note up and down. Next time I'll get the kind I had before with the string controlling the note movement.	2
Ordering was simple, EXCELLENT instructions with illustrations how to measure. My two custom shelves were ON MY PORCH in TWO DAYS from sending in my measurements, yes, TWO DAYS. Install was a breeze, I built everything so it was square, all I had to do was shim and space a little. When I tossed the box, I found really nice templates and screw and detailed instructions. I didn't need them, but I did look at them, top shelf install accessories (pun intended)	2
Will plug in and it wont charge. And I keep having to readjust it to make sure it charges.	1
Got it for kids and they loved it. One of the best thing about this walkie talkie is the vibrant colors it comes in, pretty stylish looks. Here's details pro's /cons pros: 1. vibrant colors 2. easy to use out of the box 3. quiet decent quality for the devices 4. pretty good grip too, doesn't slip out of hand 5. long range, better than the last one 6. simple packaging cons: 1. no way to purchase yellow color as a set	2
This is an interesting lecture. The idea of only working four hours, to ensure that the working class has the ability to enjoy personal leisure time. Russell's idea that a lack of leisure has a very deliberate and debilitating affect upon the working class.	2
my fault in not reading reviews before buying this poorly designed product. ive had it a short while and its blown off 3 times.	1
Not the shirt in the picture so 4 stars, Yet I love mine so much I ordered another. Both shirts are different colors and I love them. Now I'm going to order a third. Michael	2
A little cheap on the exterior, but it is ok.	2
Used once, wouldn’t grip and ratchet broke instantly.	1
Installed in less than 30 minutes. Exactly like old part from factory.	2
Very quick delivery. Packaged very well. Love the product.	2
Great brush. Very soft, perfect for my daughter's hair!!! Love this and great price!	2
Very pretty, relatively easy to assemble. They were so pretty that after the party I reused them in my classroom where they are still as well.	2
They are made well and my son likes it a lot. The only complaints I have are they are a little pricey and the string could be better. But overall not a bad product.	2
I have been through 4 of these. They work great, but I did have one leak on me. The price is so great I didn’t care though. You can get 6 of these for the price of 1 official brand filter.	2
The sign is cute, but too small for anyone to read.	2
Even though I saw it coming...small top too small; medium top too large for the scalding hot soup I was trying to cover... Flew everywhere. Sizing not flexible enough.	1
Very poor longevity for an LED bulb - about 1 year using at night.	1
After getting the plastic apart and putting the phone in, it is really nice. It has a built-in screen protector which is not too thick.The phone responds well and is held nicely within the case.	2
Only half the batteries took a charge. The other half drained ridiculously fast	1
The drawer 13 is missing. I would like to get this drawer. I do not want to return this item.	2
Was slow reading at times but a very touching and masterfully vivid picture of the life in rural new england	2
This where gifts for my boyfriend and he loved them. They are beautiful, they don't have the exact coloring as the picture but are still very blue and they are such good quality. They are very hard thought I was going to break the glass when I had put it down, so be careful!	2
They came very quickly! Packed well and came as described	2
The base/stand of the item was smashed to pieces when arrived. There wasn't much protection in the shipping box which gave the item plenty of room to slide from side to side. Requested a refund as there is no way exchanging for a new one would guarantee it arrived in time for my childs birthday. Other than that seems to be good quality. The ball itself is quite heavy.	2
Wonderful to take to work or school.	2
Came very fresh and sweet!	2
Easy to order the right filter.	2
Exactly what I ordered.	2
Its not as loose and draped as on the pic (for the size L) the belt is very skinny and short - can't make nice knot from it. Wish they would use more fabric for the bigger sizes	2
The picture I took from this camera is worse than my Iphone 4. It's so blurred. I tried to adjust to the highest resolution and with the macro len but still worse than Iphone 4. I can't even read all the text	1
These really do catch gnats, flies etc. I have one in my bedroom by my desk and always has some pests stuck to it. There is no smell that I can tell. The only thing, have to be careful to not get it on one's fingers when pulling it out of the tube. I always do and have to wash my hands several times to get the sticky stuff off. Highly recommend.	2
Unfortunately this torch arrived defective and will not ignite. If the torch worked I would give it a much better rating as it is just the right size and fits well in my hand. It has had fuel put in it so I dont believe we can ship it back. I hope the seller will help with this problem and contact me about getting a working replacement. I will update this review as things progress and if we get a replacement a more in depth review.	1
Guard is not that great for trimming my beard so I had to completely shave it off.	1
I have used this product for many years. I have good energy and health as a result. I would recommend it for Daily users	2
It's so difficult to find wallet cases that don't cover the front of the phone. I was so happy when I found this one! The buttons help keep your cards safe and sound, and definitely give you piece of mind that they won't fall out. The pockets are not too tight that you can't pull out your cards quickly, but they're also not too loose where you fear losing them when you open the wallet. The little pocket for cash is super convenient, and is probably my favorite part of the case. Though the case is only meant to hold 4-5 cards, I currently have 7 cards and a few dollar bills, and the case still closes perfectly, and it not bulky at all! (A big plus for me!!) The only complain I have is that the color of the actual product is not as accurate as the picture. I order the darker blue case, yet, it looks almost black when you hold it in your hands. I wanted something a little softer and lighter, more feminine. However, that's the only thing about the case that bothers me. I would totally recommend this case to friends, family, and strangers on the street.	2
It will not fit a standard air vent. It is not wide enough.	1
It is not easy to adjust and it is not easy to set up and down. And as others have said, it is easy for little ones to try to climb out of (even new walkers). In fact, it broke while I was trying to take it down. Do not buy!!!	1
Didn’t work for as a suggested item when buying a shampoo and conditioner set. Both were bought on Amazon. I am keeping them to make soap mason jar pumps. Pumps are fine.	1
If you have a large wrist this is going to set on your wrist weird. It doesn't actually lay down around the wrist. It is pretty and it opens very wide to fit, but just doesn't lay right. It's being returned.	1
Compared to other workout grips I’ve had, these ones fell apart very fast. It’s not like I’m doing a lot of heavy lifting either. Very disappointing and definitely will not reorder.	1
I liked the grids, but the box it came in was so ripped and torn that the butterfly clamps were missing. Had to use zip ties to keep it together.	2
I've used this on a number of projects: taking a car dealer's name off the trunk lid of my car, getting the sticky residue off a window where weatherstripping had been, cleaning a stove. The only place it fell short was cleaning excess caulk from around a sink. It worked no better than plain water.	2
I loved the pillow when I first received it and it was so full and cradled my head perfectly. Sadly even before a week is was lumpy and deflated The company does give you extra foam, which I did use and I did put the pillow on dryer on low for 10 minutes like they said, but to no avail. The company includes a card with an email address asking you to contact them if issues and they'd help you. Only I have tried emailing twice and no-one has gotten back with me. I changed my review due to Customer Service did contact me after 3 weeks. They apparently had a holiday, I think they are in another country. I know that inside the pillow case you receive it says you can dry for 10 minutes on low - Do not do this! Per the company they are not dryer safe. They are sending me a new pillow to see if it is any better. Due to them trying and now having a little more insight, I've changed my review.	2
Bought for Halloween 2018 & boys still use it all the time to this day!!	2
I bought this for my Ram 1500 and it wasn’t a perfect fit but it still fit. The installation was not that easy because I’m am not installing it in a sedan. It is not too quality/fabric but the design is good.	2
I was excited to receive this but, it took over a month or so to get & it doesn't get of anything that is even somewhat stuck on dishes or pans otherwise it's good.	1
Could not get it to pair with my Dodge truck. I have both original keys and I followed the instructions exactly. Had to return for refund.	1
Best treat I’ve ever had! I dig into it with a spoon and it’s gone the first day! Lol.	2
They sent me the wrong kind :( returned	1
The down side about this product is the white paint falls off every time when you open it.	1
Ok so I've been getting this screen protector for my note 8 and it breaks almost immediately when I drop my phone but so far so good. My phone screen is still in tact but, I bought this one 2 months ago just to keep on hand and I opened it today to replace my other one and its cracked! I can't believe it!	1
received as expected	2
I was so happy to get two free colors with this purchase. Everything arrived well packaged. Length of wear and ease of peel off varies, but I am overall happy with my purchase.	2
It's a perfect pop to memorialize the hero that is Stan Lee, the frustration is Amazon took zero precautions in shipping and had the pop just being tossed around in a even bigger box. So, inside pop was prefect but the pop box was significantly damaged due to faulty packing at Amazon.	1
The lawn roller had promise and I was excited to put it together and roll out my newly renovated lawn. After filling with water and making a single pass one of the bolts holding the handle to the barrel broke completely off. The bolts appear to be riveted into the side of the barrel so there was no way to reattach it. At this point I could no longer use it. As I was processing the return the 2nd bolt holding the handle to the barrel broke off, the same exact way as the other side. Possibly a defective. The build quality seemed solid but I guess there's a reason it's the cheapest lawn roller on Amazon. Will spend a little more for my next roller.	2
I liked it but it’s to big I bought a size medium I need the small	2
The products are good. Unfortunatly the white one is slightly stained. Pink stain maybe from the contact with the pink bracelet.	2
I like the design of the case and it has been pretty solid but I was pretty shocked to see that the part that holds the iPad up so you can type(which is the only reason you got this...) is simply glued to the hinges. Now that this part has come unglued from very very light use, there is literally no use for this case. For the price I'm super disappointed in how it turned out.	1
Great size for price	2
Seems the quality doesnt fit its design, meaning the nice push down clamp works but the quality of the design isnt up there with it, i wish it was more durable and stronger in all.	1
I can't rate it because I haven't received it yet !	2
A must have supplement for weight loss.	2
Love fun bandaids. Bought them for a youth retreat.	2
I prefer the spendy stuff at the hardware store because it has paper backing you can use to mark your cut.	2
The colors and print are true to the photo. I was pleasantly surprised with the neatness of the stitching and zipper. The fabric feels soft, which works well for a living room throw blanket. I'll update the review after I've washed the cover a few times. Pretty good deal for the price point!	2
I have used this product for over a year. Up until last month it has been wonderful. It was thick and creamy and immediately soaked into my skin. I didn’t break out or experience redness. It’s the only lotion I was ever able to put on my face. But my last purchase (June 11) is watery and sits on my face and makes my face feel extra oily. It doesn’t soak in and I am experiencing redness and break outs. This is the only affordable cream I’ve ever purchased that has not made my skin worse until now. Has anyone else experienced this? Was your cream different recently? I wonder if the distributor did something to it??	2
The inside of this case has room for maybe 5 writing instruments. I use a wide variety of stuff and there's no way this bag is big enough. Also the inside has a soft-touch material/flannel (?) that catches on my skin and it's so uncomfortable. Not the product for me. Maybe if you just need some super small thing to carry around a quick compliment of pens, this would work for you. But if you're carrying anything more than that, there's no way you're gonna shove enough pens in here to be worth it. I repurposed it as a medical supply pouch and it works pretty well. I mean, to it's credit, it's light, thin, the zipper works well, and the pockets are useful. But I had to use it as something other than it's inteded use, and buy another thing to remedy that, so I'm taking off a star for that.	2
The first one was dim (light not bright enough) and one of the panels sags. So I asked for a replacement, and they sent me one that's even more broken - an entire panel doesn't light up. I am disappointed in both the product and the customer service.	1
Product has moisture in it after 1 day	1
I received your product and I feel that I am going to like it except that the steel was broken and it leaked all over the Box the lid has something dark and it like burned I don't know if from the transport it got too hot or what but I'm not sure if I should use it I feel I would buy it again but you need to send it by itself with bubble wrap so it doesn't leak all over.. picture above. I had other pictures but could only send one. I would like to know if you are going to replace my order since I cannot return it but it was already opened please let me know what you are going to do I know that I liked this product I'm sure I would but I don't know	2
This marketing was so misleading! It wasn’t a “five pack” of chocolate frogs which would lead one to believe you will get five packages each containing five frogs. This was one package of five chocolate frogs for $10.50 which means each stupid little candy was more than $2 each! Would never purchase again.	1
Fair for price. Paint rubbing off inside the packet. Seems off brand. No actual logo on packet.	2
These do not come with the suction cups. I wish they did. Now i have to order them separately. Major inconvenience	1
What happens when a veteran tennis champion who is deep in the closet, meets a sexy EMT just discovering his sexuality? Tyler has never let anyone get close before, afraid that discovery of his sexuality will ruin his tennis career, until he met Chip. Their relationship is fraught with obstacles, hiding who they are to each other and an ex coach out to destroy him and ultimately outing him. Can their relationship survive? Will Tyler stop being afraid to come out? A great story about the world of mens elite sport, where being gay is extremely difficult.	2
Don't buy this product. The product arrived with numerous scratches...not sure if the product was originally that way or if it happened in transit due to the fact that it was not bubble-wrapped. On top of that, the product comes with stickers affixed to it. Really? Why would you affix stickers directly to it? And why would you not bubble wrap it?	1
I’ve had many high quality phone cases. I don’t often write reviews but I’m so impressed with this product. The craftsmanship and design is really amazing. In person it is remarkably beautiful and very well made. Solid and sturdy. I could not be happier.	2
for the price it didnt work very good so i sent it back	1
Bought a size 12 because that's what my 15yo wears for shoes but it was just a tad big so I returned it and got one size smaller.	2
Looks cute, but i feel it's not thick enough to stay. It keeps crunching down on the side of the crib. It is super soft	2
Did not enjoy the flavour	1
I guess I couldn’t tell from the pictures but the texture of this rug is like cheap carpet. After only a few months, it looks like a matted down shag. Not the style I was going for.	1
A bit more frayed than pictured	2
These are beautiful I got one for my mom and one for her best friend.	2
Even though you need to cut these to the correct size, they work great. We just used our standard floor mats and outlined them to these floor mats. Perfect for winter.	2
Similar to what other reviewers had mentioned, this Thermos tumbler falls apart within months of purchase. On my Thermos, the spin top that closes/opens the tumbler had broken completely. I was unable to drink out of this Thermos without taking the whole cap off. Which defeats the whole point of having a Thermos to begin with. I wouldn't recommend going with this brand, as it seems to be a widespread issue.	1
Only used it a little for small job and appears to hold well. Patched a small hole on mower deck. Make sure you have bear metal.	2
Simple but nice enough for what I was looking for.	2
Ring was beautiful! However after wearing it the second day a stone on the side came out. Disappointed.	1
These nose rings were not bad for the price. They are definitely a lot smaller than I anticipated and not the greatest quality but they work. In my opinion, the hoops are more trouble than they’re worth so I probably will not be using those. Like I said, they’re not bad for what I paid for them but I will be looking for better quality in the future.	2
I used this tool to make holes for my leather belts. Sometimes you will find discount belts but not your size, this tool will help you save some money.	2
Got it for my wife. She wears it with dresses and skirts during summer. Very stretchy and feel comfortable. I took one star off because she says they are somewhat see through and she would not wear them alone, but its perfect for short skirts.	2
Band does not close. Watch is useless. Had to trash it!	2
Didnt work with my phone and they would answer so i could get a refund	1
one socket arrived damage. the end was bent. they are shipped in a plastic bag not a box.	1
LOVE these bulbs! They are in the lights I use for reading just before sleep. The light is soft, yet enables me to see my reading materials clearly. I do believe it relaxes me and allows me to fall asleep more readily!	2
I needed to replace the insulation on the pipe running to my AC unit. So far so good. It's a 3/4" OD pipe and this fits (needs to be stretched out a bit to get it to close all the way around). Of course I did have to cut it in half to place it around pipe. I'm sure it would work better if you could slip it on. If this helped you please mark it as such, thanks.	2
Good for aiding morning fullness from dinner before	2
Was cake and difficult to remove from hair... I threw it out!!	1
Looks good..Drilled some extra drain holes.	2
Items arrive when expected but I received the wrong size twice!	1
I ordered the clip version and got the belt version. It is very big and bulky, not comfortable.	1
I don’t usually write reviews, but I am super happy with these pants. I’m an elementary teacher, and these have been a great addition to my wardrobe. The pockets are deep, and they’re super comfortable. Basically like wearing professional looking sweatpants. The belt also has elastic, which is very smart, because I don’t have to untie it every time I go to the restroom. Definitely recommend, and will probably buy another pair.	2
Had one bite because I was hungry and it was easy to make and instantly regret buying it. My tongue is like numb from burning for too long. Literally dont buy it unless you enjoy your entire mouth hurting for hours.	1
The entire unit quit working after only a 1/2 a dozen uses. Amazon doesn’t have a return option for this junk and the manufacturer doesn’t have any contact info on the packaging.	1
Great way to use time waiting for the plane to land.	2
I read the other reviews and thought (despite the amazing reviews) there would be no way I’d like these as much as the original band. But, I was wrong! They are awesome!!! You cannot tell the difference between them and the original!	2
Useless iv spent 3 hours trying to get it fixed and focused and it just isnt happening i wouldnt recommend buying this for any sort of rifle scope	1
NEVER RECEIVED ITEM after over 1 month!	1
Great projector for our bedroom. Very bright at night and still visible during the day with curtains down.	2
This spice makes outstanding garlic bread with a small touch of butter.	2
My dog loves her Jolly egg but after 2 years its pretty torn up. This new one has punctures and crush marks after only 5 minutes. After closer inspection you can see the lines formed by a 3D printer, I compared it to her old one which does not have those lines. I basically got a cheap 3D printed knockoff, don't buy from this seller!	1
I love the colors and the fit. Only drawback is the toe seam is not durable. They need repairs rather quickly.	2
Crushed... Arrived shrink-wrapped and misshapen. Would not buy this again.	1
These headphones is very suitable for my gym exercise. They are soft and light, so that I don't need to bother whether they will fall down while running. Also, the battery power is sufficient, I can check the power remain on my cellphone, which is convenient.These headphones just saved me well over ..This is my most satisfying, I really like them. Recommend.	2
Sturdy wooden frame the cardboard picture backing seemed too large, not able to fit all sides flatly behind the picture.	2
These tee shirts are a bit bulky not ideal under a dress shirt I bought them to do yardwork and they do the trick I go through so many tee shirts that these are the ones that I don't worry about stretching or staining A few issues with loose threads but would rather have four of these than one Calvin Klein	2
Awful chemical smell.	1
It is shorter than I expected . I like the colors. I was hoping that it would look more like a cover up and less like a scarf. I am going to try and make it work.	1
These tank tops are amazing! I am 5’4” and 270 lbs and I got 3x and they go down over my butt. They don’t ride up or roll up. Love these! Thinking of getting more!	2
Best $$$ ever spent on workout program. The app is so easy to use and I love it.	2
If you like Reese's peanut butter cups, you may like this. Personally, I don't like either. This is NOT smooth; it's gritty. Someone said it compared to Nutella. IMO, that's blasphemy. :-)	1
After 11 months of light use one of the clips broke and the strap is now useless.	1
I ordered this product thinking that I would get 4 ornaments as listed. However, I received only one ornament of the four that was advertised in the mail today.	1
A childhood favorite but all of the grocery stores in California stopped selling the zesty tomato. Yummy!	2
The product is very easy to clean. It is, hands down, the cleanest deep fryer we've ever owned. We primarily use it for buffalo wings. The biggest drawbacks are that the temperature drops when you drop a basket of wings and never catches back up and the basket sticks badly. For the price and the T-Fal brand name, we feel those two drawbacks are unacceptable. It gets 3 stars for cleanliness and oil filtration/reuse.	2
Not for every day use. Possibly of catching on objects causing runs. But beautiful and easy to put on and take off.	2
HUGE!!! These things go up to my waist. NOT cute or comfortable!	1
I never received this product and was never refunded. Won’t buy from this source again if I see that’s the seller.	1
These are cute and seem well made, but my nipples aren't huge and they were too tight for comfort. After getting them in, it felt like my nipple was being pinched 24/7 and it was very uncomfortable so I took them out.	2
Very easy to clean and works great. Each comes with a cleaning supply, a container and a straw. They are bendable, reusable and eco friendly. Really like this idea of always having a straw with you. No more one-use straws for me. Great carrying case and straw brush is amazing!	2
These layered necklaces are really in fashion now so I've been wanting to purchase. Finally got it and happy I did. Very cute for every day or even a night out	2
They are excellent I have no complaints!	2
Burned my skin, could not use.	1
It’s nice and slim and seems pretty sturdy. But you can’t add a magnet, pop up or ring. Nothing sticks to it!	2
It's got a nice design and I love the feel of the matte finish. The rubber ends are great, as my last phone case broke on the edges so I wanted something that wouldn't do that. I am happy with this product, BUT my only problem is it comes apart easy. When I first put it on it was very hard to close all three parts together and sometimes they come apart.	2
Love this case, I work on cargo aircraft as part of the flight crew and it definitely gives me the warm and fuzzy my iPad is protected. Plus my kids play with it as well asnd it passes the strength test with them as well. Given the price it’s an absolute steal you can’t even tell the equipment is refurbished it’s literally like new, I’ve always loved otter box and I stand by their products.	2
Very strong construction. We just used this on one of our doors!	2
Returned it. Poor quality, felt thinner. I returned it. Can get something cheaper at 5 below or dollar store	1
Love the shoes but had to rate low because the description states grey and the picture shows grey but they are white. If squint and look side ways it might look grey. I have a different pair I have worn for years. Same color and I bought them as white. I was looking forward to grey :(	1
For the price I thought it would have so many issues or be poor quality but this was one of the best tactical bags I've bought for that price range. Its perfect size for any hike and the durability is top notch. Cant go wrong with this product!	2
Product is what was expected. That is a good thing these days!	2
Packaging looks a little suspect, did not use.	1
Everything was as noted and arrived fast!!!	2
Wasnt a size 11, at the most a 10	2
Exactly what we expected. Used in hygiene kits for homeless. Thank you.	2
Bought this for an elderly relative and installed it on a clean flat (non title surface) in the shower. It worked for about 1 week with only very limited usage (basically 2x) then it randomly fell off by itself. Since then it's fallen 2 more times on it's own. My suggestion is that each time before you plan to use it for a shower, check the light indicators and give it a slight tug to check for sturdiness. I would give this 3.5 stars, because it's not 100% reliable and I wouldn't put someones entire body weight on it.	2
This is just ink water Total fake product. I don't believe this is actually Lancome product.	1
PERFECT! My son was thrilled!	2
I like this scooper so much that I bought it again when the one I bought about eight months ago broke (snapped at the handle). The scooper works very well at sifting smaller particles, something that most sifters do not. The only thing wrong with this item is what is usually wrong with some things that have been engineered correctly: The load bearing part is usually made so poorly that it breaks. I have reinforced the handle with gorilla tape in hopes that this will keep the handle from snapping off. I am crossing my fingers and hoping for the best.	2
Bought this to take to the beach and not have to worry about damaging an expensive speaker. The sound is okay, it works, wish it had more volume to it but all in all it gets the job done.	2
I feel like it helps with my varicose veins and makes my legs really smooth and smell good when I mix it with my lotion :) I also put it in a diffuser to help me sleep better.	2
battery went dead 1 mouth after return time	1
I like the Wireless car charger mount . It's working fine now . It looks very very nice .	2
This product was broken. Not working at all. Manufacturer defect. Return at at once and return label sent. Customer service was very helpful.	2
The on button broke almost immediately.	1
its awesome now i wont have to fight between who can charge there phone first	2
I take this me everywhere! It’s so nice not to have to waste all those plastic water bottles! They include a sponge and straw cleaner with your purchase. I get compliments and people ask where I bought it. I love it!	2
Great book. But the ending was a let down. The story had so much potential! Not as good as the previous books.	2
My box had 2 bottles of black and 2 bottles of white. NOT 12 different colors as pictured. It is too late to order a different set for my event so I have to use what was sent. False advertisement. One of the "answered questions" was if they were all different colors. One answer was yes.-all different. Another said 2 blacks 2 whites. I hoped I would receive the all 12 different as the picture showed. I didn't. Sad	1
had to shut lane alert off...kept going off when on lowest setting....	2
Stop working after a month	1
Wish it was a little bigger but its still good	2
I like how sturdy it is. Well made. Quality fabric. The downside is that it's too tight of a fit for a pad of paper (as seen here) and my laptop.	2
I have always been using a gym gloves without wrist protection belt. So, since my gloves is bad, I decided to look for a glove with wrist protection belt. Came across the Gym Gloves by Sahara. I thought it looks neat and price meet my expectation. Upon wearing the glove, it seems to be big and loose. The wrist belt was long enough to wrap around the wrist a few times. After wearing the glove for 1 hour, my palm does not feel warm or hot. The grip or palm area is made of some breathable fabric materials. It is not full leather but the new type of materials is nice to hold the equipment with the anti slip pad on the glove. 1 thing I don't fancy too much is the knuckle that is sticking out from the gloves. I find it too big and don't serve any purpose. So far, I am happy with this product. So far, I am happy with this product. I will continue to update this review in the near future if I come across any good or bad about this product! For now, I am happy with this product!	2
I purchased this microphone for my father in law and he’s in love with it.The microphone is easy to use and gives an amazing sound quality.it’s like a Live concert every night!	2
bought it for the airplay connectivity for audio (which works great). airplay and tunein are my only uses with it and it works great and sounds great. like it a lot.	2
Color goes with everything, durable, flexible, and easily adjustable.	2
I ordered two packages and out of 8, 3 of my remotes don't work. I tried replacing the batteries with brand name barriers and it help. The lights are pretty and bright (with good batteries) but I bought them for projects to sell and am stuck with 3 lights that I can't sell/use. If you're purchasing for projects, consider the risk. It wasn't worth it, I recommend finding another brand.	1
I bought these for my dad because he's blasting the TV and rattling the plates. They absolutely provide a volume gain, but even with the several earpieces included, it's impossible to get a good fit. And when you don't have a good fit, there's feedback - lots of really loud feedback. If your ears happen to fit the earpieces, these are probably great, and worth the gamble. But don't be surprised if you end up giving them away.	2
One of the closure tabs broke after 6 months. The cost with shipping to replace a single tab is 1/2 the cost of a new cat door!!	1
3m adhesive started coming off almost immediately. Having to pull off before they tear off. Do not recommend.	1
Watch isn’t even water resistance I wore it’s the a pool party and only did minimum swimming never submerged it even 2 ft in the pool.	2
I would give it give but I'm a kid I can't have face book and guest do not save and. I don't think it is the most popular with the new version	2
I purchased this for a family vacation so it would be easier for my mom to shuffle cards (she has arthritis). It didn't even last through our first night of cards. I would not purchase again.	1
Good quality and I can put most essentials for guests right inside the box and have it in reach without searching for them. I love that my purchase supported a small business. I will order another one for our second bathroom.	2
Super cute, light weight top. Could've gotten a size smaller but it's supposed to be flowy so still looks good.	2
Given the price, I thought it would be a heavier jacket, which is why I purchased it. I will probably end up returning it because I need a heavier coat. Otherwise, it's a nice jacket, just not what I was looking for.	2
I like the size and style of the wallet. The different compartments was what I was looking for. I do wish it was made out of a little nicer material and the strap was a little sturdier.	2
Returned it. I was unaware that our (awesome) chair came with its own - which was far better. This is the (heavy) chair that we have: nova wide 22" heavy duty transport chair with locking hand brakes, removable & flip up arms for easy transfer, 400 lb weight capacity	1
I love these bars, but these were stale!	1
It didn’t work. All it did was make my skin break out and hurt me.	1
Overall I'm happy with these. I'm a software developer, and I use them 8 to 10 hours a day. The picture is sharp, the size is perfect, and I quickly adapted to the curve. Now that I'm used to the curve, I wouldn't want to work without it. My only complaint is the enormous power brick which cover adjacent outlets on my power strip. They probably could have come up with a better design for this. I ended purchasing a second power strip just for the monitors. Otherwise they're a great buy and I would purchase them again.	2
Brain teaser with a flare.	2
Pretty good stuff. Don't like the stronger brews.	2
I love it, very good and reliable case.	2
I Purchased this on August 20. It took two weeks to get here. When I got it, it had three lights. A flashlight, a red laser dot, and a denim blue white. When I contacted the seller, they told me that I received what I ordered . 😳 ok.	1
Charger works as expected! Came on time and way cheaper than buying from the Apple store	2
gets a little warm but nowhere near 300	1
terrible charger... ive had for less than 2 months and the wire connection to the piece that connects to the surface has started to fray and come out and charging has been rapidly becoming almost impossible. its at the point where you have to wiggle it around to find the sweet spot that most people will have experienced before... after 2 months!!! DO NOT BUY!	1
Easy to place in garden. Good customer service for return and replace. Look great in yard.	2
I am a standard size M and these are too small and dig into my hips.	1
It was good but it stopped working. Only the volume button and G-buttons work now.	1
A lot of the chips were broken very small	2
Really impressed with this shock collar. I love that you can control the intensity of the shock and vibration. I also love that you can just have the collar beep only, vibrate only or shock only. I test all shock collars out on myself before I put it on my dog. The lowest shock setting doesn’t hurt at all - but able to feel it enough to correct behavior. If it’s too soft or for a bigger dog, probably would have to increase the intensity. My dogs I only have to use the beep or vibration and that corrects the behavior.	2
The color on the description says beige, but it is white. Very thin and cheaply made, wouldn't recommend.	1
it should be a two book set but missing the violin only book. returned and ordered from somewhere else.	1
I was really excited to put them to use but sadly they do not fit all 12 oz bottles. If your bottles are slim you will probably like. Will be returning.	2
The tables and chairs were way smaller than I expected, but that was my fault for not reading the dimensions. The chairs are also not easy to fold up and I had to use a screwdriver to push the metal piece through to close them.	1
This little rechargeable vac is just what I needed. Picks up great, it's lightweight and stays charged long enough to get the job done. I use it on tile and laminate flooring and some small area rugs. Very satisfied with this product.	2
I was so excited to take this rod out this morning, but it wasn't until getting to the beach that I noticed the tip was bent out of shape and didn't have the ceramic guide. When I opened the box, there was a single piece of paper to pack the rod in place and protect it, so clearly the rod just rattled around in transit and broke.	1
The texture is nice. There is a gap between the watch body and the band and this gap is making me worried that some day the band will snap off and my watch fall down. Long story short, I don’t trust this band with my watch. It is little bit thick. It is not very comfortable, I wear an Apple Watch and for me Apple Watch bands are very comfortable, this one is not comfortable like Apple Watch bands	2
I emailed the company with no response through Amazon the first time I used it it broke may have been some of my fault but I would like to buy some parts for this tool hopefully this will maybe get somebody to give me a response	1
The instructions are laughable. One has to buy an app to make the device work. If the app is free why is a credit card number asked for? I will be returning.	1
I find that with Spectracide it does kill the weeds faster but it is not nearly as thorough as Roundup. I typically have to spray the same area 3 or 4 times (whereas with Roundup I spray only once). I also find that with Spectracide that I have to spray more often since new weeds keep popping up ever few days, whereas with Roundup they do not). Roundup is a good pre-emergent/weed killer. Spectracide does not seem to work as far as being a pre-emergent. I've used Spectracide a lot and it does nothing as far as being a pre-emergent. The positive side is that it kills weeds quickly and it kills weeds that Roundup does not kill. Roundup will not kill the thicker weeds in my yard, whereas Spectracide does. It also smells terrible and I can smell it in the air up to one day after I've sprayed, so that's probably not the best. I would recommend wearing gloves and a mask so you aren't breathing in any fumes. I also recommend not letting your pets walk in any area that was recently sprayed.	2
There were no instructions which made it a little difficult to get it right when your 11 year old is super Independant and wants to put it together on his own.	2
I didn’t see much of a difference and it was pretty sticky	2
Great for my daughter	2
I have 2 St Bernard puppies. They are about 70 lbs each. I bought 2 and they ripped them both the day they arrived. These are not even a little strong!	1
I got one of these over a year ago and loved it so I bought one for my sister as a gift. She said the handle wouldn't fit and there was a piece broken. I'm concerned about getting a replacement.	1
Love my T6i I enjoy it very much. The accessories that came with it are super cheap but still functional.	2
1 broke on day two, just stopped working. The others have been working for a week and charge quickly.	1
When I opened the package, I saw stains on the trays and dirt inside the cubes! I washed them and the stains didn't go away, plus I didn't like the strong smell. I have other silicone products that don't smell like this. Plus, how can you trust a company that has a bunch of misspellings on the label!??	1
The earings are much bigger than I had expected. I was hoping for something a little more dainty	2
I like the durability of it. The fact that it has holes for locks is a major plus.	2
This case looks like it was glued together by a child. Very low quality. The inside of the case looks used . Super disappointed.	1
Bought this, but the text faded after a few weeks.	1
I replaced the clamp with a screw and it works good that way. I have a yugo and its only good for red dots and similar stuff, regular scope will sit too close to the back/your eye so they dont work	1
I wanted to love this book. American historical, esp. mail-order bride, is one of my favorite genres. This one is not well-researched. There were glaring time-period mistakes and I had trouble getting past them. To add to that the relationship between the main characters is unbelievable. There's a notable lack of dramatic tension and honestly, I just didn't care if they got their HEA or not. Personally, editorial errors do not bug me. I can read past typos, but errors in basic story-telling...nope.	1
My smart light switch worked great for the first few hours, but having gone through three of them now, I can safely say that KMC's switches are not for me. Every time I would get it installed, it would work fantastic for a short period of time, but in some random increment, the LED indicator that it was connected to WiFi would cut off. I would try and manually turn off the light using the switch itself, but it would not do anything. After some troubleshooting, I found that resetting the breaker would get the switch to come back no problem. It would even save the WiFi information so I didn't have to re-pair it to my network. Unfortunately, it would go back out in a few hours. I should not have to reset my circuit breaker just to have smart lights. Returning this and will save to buy a nicer product.	1
Written just like she talks	2
Great and challenging game, but grinding for certain materials is exhausting and, if you want to upgrade weapons, becomes intolerable for anyone with little time on their hands each day.	2
I believe 1 out of the 3 sleeves of Nespresso I received was a generic one. It wasn't packaged the same way of as any of my usual Nespresso orders (Amazon vs. Nespresso site). The sleeve i'm referring too was messily tossed in the box, it wasn't in quality form.	1
Need to return one , doesn't work. No one has answered me and there is no return button	1
These are just lids.	1
Not recognized by switch, got read errors from all 3 PCs I tried it in. Returned.	1
My dogs took a little bit to get used to it but love it now! Great for my hot Aussie to help him cool down.	2
The instructions are very vague and I feel like I'm constantly readjusting my son because he's crooked again. There are button holes with no button, and the whole thing is just really confusing. Going to return and try something else. I don't feel comfortable putting my baby in this.	1
I gave these as a gift and the person loved them. She really loved the color and softness! She said it looks more nice on his feet! It also keeps her warm.	2
Bought this for my husband. He hates having bulk in his back pockets, so won't use a wallet. He tears everything up due to heavy use. Thus far, this has held up great. His only complaint is that it's uncomfortable in his front pockets.	2
Would be a much better shirt if it was 50/50 cotton and polyester. I hate 100% cotton shirts.	2
Hi, I wanted to let you know that one of my mug handle is broken and I don't want to send the other 3 back to get just one replace, what should I do,,Thank you	1
Disappointed. Almost none of the bulbs flowered. and i gave some as gifts which also didn't flower.	1
Side one still works, but side two jams and does not work. Unfortunately, this happened two weeks after my return window closed. It is going to the garbage. This sharpener uses thin metal discs. I used a very light touch with no downward pressure. Very disappointed in the product and am surprised there are so many positive reviews. Look for a sharpener that uses stones - not these cheap thin discs.	1
This product worked amazing. Great results after one night of use.	2
It is really nice for BBQ Very very safe and have the rubber on it. It also fits my hand very well. Totally it is so great!	2
My 4 year old wears a size 9 and these 10s were too small.	1
Good foam insoles gave better cushion.	2
I've been purchasing Amazon essential products for some time now. This bed sheet from Amazon fits the criteria of price and comfort for me. Compared to previous bed sheets that I've purchased, this one feels a lot more "smooth". Considering how I writing this review in the summer time, the bed sheets provided a sense of coolness when I'm laying on it. I'm definitely purchasing a few more in the future!	2
Too small for hydro flask and the insulated lid pushes it into the bottle.	2
The stories about 5 Brother's and how they grew up on a ranch with 2 very unhappy and miserable parents. Now they are grown up and finding their way through love & life. There are mysteries that come up about a lot of important & life changing things. I gave the book 4 stars is because there was not enough affection or sexuality............we want more!	2
This book is a must have for vegetarians, or those who cook for vegetarians. As a major foodie, I'm in love with this book. Very excited to get cooking with such yummy vegetarian dishes.	2
I’m very careful to use an all natural shampoo because I get my hair colored. This one does not strip my color and my color lasts much longer than with the other natural shampoos I’ve used in the past! I am sensitive to certain smells and I was unsure of how I would like this Lavendar smell! I love it, it is not over powering, just the right amount of scent. I have thin straight hair but the coloring sometimes leaves it a little dull and slightly hard. After using this shampoo I love the feel and look of my hair!	2
The quality is very bad. It was broken when I only used two times.	1
just not what I expected. Too many advertisements, even on the one that is supposed to be ad free.	1
I love these frames! They hold two cherished pictures. One with my father dancing with my daughter at her wedding, and the other of my husband dancing with his grandmother at the same event.	2
cute but runs small I am 160 lbs and I think an XL would have been a better fit	2
Just received this today. I made sure it was fully charged before attempting to turn it on, but when I turned it on and attempted to switch modes or vibration variations I got nothing. Absolutely nothing. The LED works just fine! Just not the vibrator itself. I've contacted the seller and will change my review if I'm able to get a replacement for the faulty one I recieved, but other than that, I'm extremely displeased.	1
This feeding dish is very cheaply made. Packaging was good except it came in multiple pieces with no directions. I pulled up the picture on amazon to assemble and that was easy enough. I bought it for my ferret food but unfortunately it doesn’t seem to do the trick. Could probably work better for smaller animal food but the ferret food doesn’t seem to want to dispense through the bottom. Overall I got what I paid for but it is very flimsy and cheaply made. Good for much smaller food if you have a very small animal. Not so good for ferret food!	2
Just meh. The signal quality is ok. Good, but not great.	2
Perfect for starter sewers. I need a bigger one now but, nice for those just starting.	2
You get what you pay for! Make sure after you remove the cap that you tighten the roller. Mine have popped off twice and spilled the entire contents.	2
Not as easy to use and the smaller one that had extra tabs to make application a snap	2
Zipper handle broke off 2 days after I got it. Other than that it’s a pretty decent backpack.	2
Really like the case! The only issue I have is that the case itself smells really bad and I can’t seem to get rid of the smell. Other than that, the case is just like the description.	1
Power button a bit hard to access, otherwise quite easy for my granddaughter to use.	2
I absolutely DO NOT recommend this product. I have had this case for less than 3 months and it no longer charges. It can be plugged in all night with the “charging” light on and still have NO juice in the morning. The other issue is the magnetic top. This case is made to allow you to easily get your phone in and out. In theory it’s a wonderful idea. In practice the magnet is ridiculously weak and impractical. The smallest bump dislodges it and I’ve lost count of the number of times my phone has fallen out because of it. It’s gotten to the point where I have to keep t close w duck tape. NOT WORTH THE MONEY.	1
Great cam, good image. Tough to get mounted the way BETAFPV wants you to mount it. I had a hard time getting the pins plugged all the way down so it kinda screws with the tilt of the camera. It is a very tough cam though. I hit a 2x6 rafter beam at almost full throttle and all I had to do was re-focus the camera lens. Looking back, I should have just not used the factory mount and de-soldered the pins and just wired it straight in and used foam tape to mount it.	2
Came quickly. Nice packaging and instructions. Included wipes and microfiber cloth. Website had nice video. Went on without bubbles. My only complaint is the whole speaker cutout was shifted by 3/16 in to the right, but just barely does not cover speaker because it was oversized. I don't know how they screwed up the die for a G4 Plus Other cutouts ok . I got it off by a little as you can see in photo, but you can clearly see speaker cutout issue	2
It does its job but it doesnt fit completely.	2
I am impressed with the quality of this product. It’s perfect for my 7 year old to wear, and it doesn’t look babyish at all. It’s stylish and cute. The size of it is also perfect. I love the packaging it came in because it can be used to keep the product clean in between uses! Also, it came with a handwritten thank you note from one of the owners! How cool is that? Definitely a firs for me. Will buy more of these in the future.	2
Perhaps I’m expecting too much. I am disappointed.it falls apart. I can’t slice it we have eaten some with a spoon!!! You can’t get it out, it is too loose, like sand, sort of. The flavor is not as I expected. I’m ordering another one.	1
This is a great product and both my wife and son have significantly less allergy issues when we use and change these monthly. We have tried the reusable ones, but have not had the same level of success.	2
My Mom says she’s not having anymore emergency trips to the bathroom! 👍🏽	2
The seal is not great, but it works	2
Good, long lasting protection, you get two in the pack, don’t have to worry about a thing.	2
I got these for my husband for his boater shoes and they are not as low as pictured!	1
It's stylish and water taste great but it leaks when drinking from it and it's hard to drink from the straw. Will return.	1
I am fair to pale and rose shades look garish on me. I have a bit of coral/peach blush to tone it down. It feels nice in application.	1
Really like how well it's made and having the stop sign shape really draws your eyes to it.	2
Great package for a small party. The cutouts we're smaller than I thought, hut they worked because we were in a small area. Good package for the price.	2
junk fell apart after 2nd time I wore it	1
Bought it to replace an older wrist Cuff, Since it was a new Cuff and unfamiliar product line I took it with me to a VA Clinic Appointment. Comparing readings there the Wrist Cuff was off by about 20+ points. It may well be a good product but it does not give proper reading for my Use.	1
Been looking for something like this for awhile for one of my cabinets. Saw them on a cruise ship and ordered them when I got home. Wish they where a little stronger.	2
Didn't fit and had a strong plastic smell	1
it would be good if the socks went above the calf say to the knee so they dont slip down	2
I dislike the color brown, but this is ok. Thought I would take a chance.	2
It works okay but it doesn't hold a good charge	2
Followed direction to a tee and seed pods did not grow. Tried calling customer care several times waited 35 minutes to 40 minutes on hold no one ever picked up.	1
Bought this from my naturopath and mine got old so I repurchased from this seller and its just a flimsy piece of cloth. Not the same thing, and pricey for what you get. WISH I COULD RETURN THIS JUNK	1
Light is not bright enough to sustain live plants, even after ditching the batteries and using a converter its pretty dim. But its great to have a 360 view of the Betta fish.	2
Product was a bit more yellow than gold	2
The polarization of the lens work great! The frames are larger and fit me perfect, very nice to have a hard case and be able to toss them in the tackle box without worrying about them getting scratched!	2
The battery life almost doubles the battery life of any of my larger more dynamic sounding speakers. When using the speaker in the Bluetooth mode with all inputs sealed, the speaker’s design makes it water resistant. It is not completely waterproof, but water resistant enough to make it a great choice for the beach or pool side, especially when you wish to travel light. Weighing just under 6 ozs., this is a great little speaker for my workstation, office, kitchen, or on the go; and it surprises me that I like it as much as I do and that I have found so many uses for it that fit my lifestyle.	2
Very cute earrings. Bar was a little smaller than expected but still like them	2
This is the most beautiful journal that I have ever had. It looks even prettier in person. And I love to see this message every day before I write in my journal. I've decided to use it as an affirmation, positive prayer and intention journal and the passages on each page continue to inspire me and deepen my faith in myself, God and this beautiful life.	2
I have used many brands of dermaplaning/eye brow razors, so I know what I am doing ;) These are not good! I have multiple cuts on my face from the blade.	1
The lanyard broke. It was nice while it lasted	2
Never received item. I contacted seller. No response. Item was sent incorrectly.	1
Two days after the return window, the zipper pull on the case came off as I tried to close the case. I would like to return for a refund. Using the case without the appropriate pull is inconvenient.	1
The glass broke as I was mixing contents (chia pudding) w a spoon. So far the others seem ok but it shouldn’t have broken so easily ...	1
UPDATE: The seller sent me a replacement at no charge, which I appreciate. I will still use these for dog walking, but will be more careful about where I clip them. So useful during nighttime walks. Wish the clip was more secure - these have already been lost.	2
Price made it possible for me to purchase an extra one for the job.	2
Didn't know what to expect. Decent taste. Price is high compared to what you get.	2
Great book...really many tasty recipes are there in this book..which keeps you fit and healthy..I like this helpful guide very much..author explained very well..highly recommended	2
Unable to use this product..... container was damaged badly, so I threw it in the trash. :(	1
Definitely pay attention to the other reviews as I did not. They are really small.	1
Sturdy but colors are DULL! One thing about toddlers is colors and brightness in toys. I was so disappointed with this one guys.	1
This novel reads more like an allegory about balancing work and motherhood. The messages are very close to the surface.	2
I love it because it makes very little noise it’s one button push to use and it doesn’t take up any space. Been using it daily and very happy.	2
Did not work. The Ortho product is 100 times better	1
Chain adjustment was very hard to get right.	2
These are good quality and price.	2
Very soft got them as a gift for my mom and she loves them! The only thing I would say is the top runs a little small. The pants were perfect as a medium but the top a little small.	2
I doN I dont like it's boxy shape.. I had bought one with almost same name and lost it. Yet it had a beveled shape. So thought I was buying the same type...wrong.	1
Really enjoyed reading this set of books there was excitement, adventure and a lot of romance if you like historical love stories you will like this set	2
Allows our remote to survive being chewed on and thrown about the room.	2
It stopped working less than a month save your money	1
Was completely damaged. Cheap and flimsy to begin with, but gashed and destroyed in delivery.	1
My one star is for the service but not the phone itself, as I still think the phone is a great phone. I ordered the phone and received the box with only the booklet, charger and earphones, but no actual phone. It was quite an unexpected hassle to get the refund as I could not get a replacement. Maybe it was stolen, maybe it was not placed in the box to begin with, honestly I do not know.	1
This motor doesnt seem to be as described. I bought this motor with the hopes it would be the exact motor I needed to replace. This doesn't seem to be the case. The motor doesn't seem to have the same power as the previous motor. Not only that the motor has shut off several times after the install for unknown reasons. I have tried to research and figure this issue out. I will be contacting the seller and or Pentair to return or figure out the issue. For the money spent I expected better as I never had a issue with the old motor until it died.	1
They should call these Club, not Sword.	1
Pretty good ingredients and flavor, but not enough to justify the price. Also tends to foam up when shaken. Others I have tried don't do this. Be careful opening your shaker after a good mixing, contents under pressure.	2
I bought these camisoles for my wife. She likes how they fit and feel. Unfortunately, after just a couple of wears, two of them have had straps simply come loose. Kind of disappointing.	2
Kind of difficult to put together maybe it's just me I'll update once I figure it out	2
Not as good a plot line as I had anticipated	2
Did not work very well. The dogs got used to it and now just ignore it	1
Worked great for about 2 months, now 4 of the probes don’t work.	1
Great product! A little tricky to get it set up, but wasn't a huge issue. Warmed up some water in a mug and placed it on top and worked great. Make sure you wipe it dry when finished. :)	2
Used these for yard work in a muddy yard and kept my pants clean. Wish they were a little thicker to keep the legs warmer but did keep them dry.	2
Works good and fast!	2
Top case does not secure to MacBook properly at the hinge location. Top cover will come off at times after 30 days.	1
Does not clean well (all my clothes are cotton) - soaking doesn't help. No fresh scent to cleaned clothes. Clothes do not stay fresh. Takes more product to get best clean. NEEDED NON-SULFUR (extremely allergic) - Oxygen Brightener suggested - DID NOT HAVE SULFUR LISTED IN INGREDIENTS in online description. Needless purchase as cannot use.	1
Would have been great without the profanity. Sad I rented for the whole family to see	1
Fits and sits on range third burner well and after seasoning has been spectacular for cooking and grilling results.	2
the product is cheap, but does not ease the pain, so do not waste your money	2
It fit as expected and perfectly baggy.Wearing the sweater with leggings and booties is a nice casual outfit.I would recommend it to a friend.	2
I like it. I love the thumb holes. The sleeves stay down & keep my hands very warm. The only thing I didn't like was the length. The longest point comes 2 or 3 inches below my knee. I am 5'4" and I could wear this as a dress.	2
It looks nice on the outside but doesn’t actually work even when trying to charge it and the silver parts were like a rust color. Wouldn’t buy again, I was excited to use this after buying more candles for my collection and not having a regular lighter & would prefer one I don’t have to flick on.	1
Solid bit piece. 2 inch ball is perfect size for hamstrings / quads and chest / shoulders.	2
Works great. Might want to reduce baking time depending on your preference for chewy vs. hard brownies. I butter and flower the cups to make it easier to remote cooled brownies.	2
Are you a very buff and fit man? Then you may be okay with this shirt. I am the kind of chunker who has a little weight on me, I am about 20 lbs overweight. I mean c'mon there are big macs in this world how could you be fit in a world of big macs? So for a chunky monkey like myself, this shirt makes ya look fat. sleeves are also too long and my biceps are my best feature so the shirt just didn't bring out anything good in me. If you're the Rock, you might look good in it.	1
The flag that came with the pole is not good quality. The finial was not included with the flagpole, but was indicated to be included. No clips came with the pole so the flag could be attached to the pole. I was very disappointed with this item.	1
These are great for the price point but the material isn’t as flowy as I would like. We have them hanging and they look nice I just wish they were a little less stiff.	2
Mini is right... these are like 1” big each, at best! I didn’t realize how tiny they’d be, but I also hadn’t seen the minis before to know.	2
I purchased it, and the price changed at checkout like 4$ more, it charged for the same thing.	1
Item was very bulky around the arms and thin around the waste. Cuffs were just hot glued on and sewed: you could see the glue.	2
Worked for an hour, won’t charge, won’t turn on - ruined Christmas for my 9yr old. Replacement won’t arrive till school break over. Very disappointed!!!! This was her “big gift” so basically she got nothing for Xmas!	1
The case is overall good. The cover is a bit heavy for the magnet that holds it to the iPad when closed.	2
Overall I'm disappointed with these cups. They were supposed to be leak-proof with the plunger piece in place, but they were not. I put one in bed with my daughter for nap and she woke up all wet. The plastic also doesn't seem very durable. She's dropped one of them on our driveway once and now part of the plastic is gouged and is rough. There are also teeth marks on another and she doesn't bite stuff. If I could return these, I would. The do seem to wash up well in the dishwasher, but that doesn't make up for the other issues I have with them.	1
It’s cute, but changed colors after wearing it like 2 times. Pretty disappointed.	1
Perfect for teaching kids! We go to an outdoor preschool and so we find lots of interesting things to inspect up close.	2
After just a few punch-downs, the punch-down tool started falling apart. The screw holding the cheap chassis together started coming out at a weird angle and I can't seem to fix it. The cable tester counts 1-8 green but that doesn't guarantee the connection works for gigabit. Some of my wired connections test "OK" but apparently not well enough for the full throughput. The crimper tool also breaks the tabs on my connectors occasionally when I squeeze. Maybe I'm not using this correctly, but it's impossible to know because there are no instructions with the kit in the first place. The only instructions included are for the tester which are clearly translated and very confusing. This is a very cheap kit overall, I'm going to return it.	1
Great for the grandchild! NOW if I can just get him to use it every time he changes socks. Easy to use. He thinks it is fun to put his socks together in it.	2
Decent quality for the price. Hair comes out pretty easy though, so gentle touch advised.	2
The data line quality is good, the screen is very clear, the design is very easy to clean up	2
This item was left out of order. Replaced by another set of end-tuft brushes, which I didn't need. 😡	1
Touchscreen does not work well and inseam pulls out with hand.	1
Very cheap, did not meet my expectation at all. The sticker to put on the inside of the screen for the finger print reader was difficult and did made it hard to detect my print. The plastic was horrible. Wish I could get my money back. I hate going through the trouble of returning things.	1
The quality is not the best — at all. I recommend you purchase them if you are not going to wear them often. I wear them once a week and that is good enough for me. However, after wearing them once they started to deteriorate. I do not recommend them if you want decent to good quality shoes.	2
Great quality. I love this shoe, but sadly it's huge on my son's feet. I followed the size chart instructions and the shoes are huge! I know that I should return them, but I love this style that I am thinking of keeping until my son catches up to it.	2
Feels cheap and not comfortable	1
My second time buying this one	2
The product arrived in time. I was expecting a better "Berry" flavor. It still has an off flavor to it unless I mix it with a fruit heavy smoothie. There is no way that I can just add this to water and drink it. The other Super Food flavors over power the berry flavor.	1
It was the wrong part so it was return.	1
Looks great. Good quality. Good price compared to others on the internet.	2
It deodorizes very well, and the scent is very nice. However it is very hard and difficult to apply. Actually pulls some underarm hairs out, even after running it under hot water.	1
The catalyst does not last even close to 70 uses. I bought the hand warmer for my wife, used it maybe 8-10 times and the original catalyst stopped lighting. Figured maybe I got a bad one. Nope, bought a replacement and it lasted the same. Worthless. I just order another from a Japanese competitor.	1
I purchased this product for my granddaughters bedroom, they don’t glow AT ALL!!	1
I bought these because I had seen them at the gym and was currently only drinking the regular small ones. They definitely give an amazing boost and you’ll have a great workout but I find them too strong, even if I’m only drinking half. They don’t necessarily leave you crashing but you definitely feel yourself coming down and it’s a strange feeling. Also, I’ve drank a whole one before the gym and couldn’t sleep that night so limit your intake until you know what your body can handle. Very yummy flavors though.	2
Love the backpack, however, where the blanket attaches is a terrible design. It should have longer, adjustable straps that snap and unsnap to get your blanket in and out easily. I have yet to find a blanket that will fit in it at all, let alone, easily.	2
This wreath is beautiful. Very much worth the price. Unfortunately I may have to return because it is much thicker than I had thought it would be and my glass door won’t close with it hanging on the wooden door. May have to return but trying to find a way to use it anyways because it is beautiful. Hung it above the entry way table for now.	2
I would like to know how you can help me. I have not been able to use the car, the tires are falling especially one from the rear.	1
This is the best bar I've owned. No issues	2
No more chaos and losing my mind at bath time. Kid even enjoys using this.	2
I loved the beginning of the book as it gave a view of what life could be like if we don’t start caring about our planet. He is a known science writer and I wanted more! The characters didn’t come alive to me. I finished it and would not recommend it. Read his other non fiction books.	1
Needed to grind the insides in order to hold larger chisels and grind flat on top for holding plane. It only took 10 minutes. See you tube videos on how to mod. The other option is to pay $75 for a better quality guide	2
Got this for my mom’s bath as towel ring was over toilet due to space issues. Looks great and could do myself.	2
bought 5. less then 1 week use, crystal knob fell off. Update: Purchased 5 total on oct 18, 2018. Today is sept. 19, 2019 and literally all the knobs fell off. Wish i could give this 0 stars. I wasted soooooo much money on this. It is only good if you have spare time to glue the crystal back on. Wish i could get my money back.. Who this knob is for: People who want to get stuck in whatever room theyre in. The bathroom for my husband apparently.. luckily, he had his phone on him to ask for help.	1
Unfortunately the clip broke after a few weeks, I'm thinking it was defective but I have not been able to reach out to the seller yet. I will update if the seller reaches out.	1
even a small size is too big and they do not have enough compress	1
I have tried many different swivel mounts, all with shortcomings. I have yet to encounter an angle or adjustment this can't handle. It's the only one I need on my bag.	2
I am happy to the point that I got this book since it helped a great deal on the most proficient method to execute a Mediterranean eating regimen. The formula is overly cool. What's more, delectable. They are new for me so I am extremely eager to attempt them as well. Much obliged Sarah Amber Patterson for composing a decent book.	2
Broke after a year or two, scroll wheel came out of place. Was a great mouse while it worked	2
One of the two bulbs went out after 2 days	1
Really cute! Definitely worth the money.	2
Was really hoping my dog would love but he won’t even touch it. Got a dog tooth brush that was a different shape and he loved it.	1
They’re as they look in the photo. I like the color and I think I’ll enjoy them at the pool this summer. They were a little bent when I got them so had to lay them out to straighten out so not wear right out of box.	2
I like the chair but pillow is flat and the back don't stay up like in the picture	2
It’s cling wrap. It clings, and it wraps. BUT it’s commercial, so when I say it does those things, I’m telling the truth. I don’t know what it is, but store-bought cling wrap never works as well. Might just be the size of the roll giving it more cling.	2
Considering the time between this book and outs predecessor one might have expected more from this book, especially given the author. This book is definitely a sort ou'd bridge book. Nothing much happens, but reveals were relatively minor, and the plot barely edges forward. With no end in sight, it is difficult to see how this book adds to the overall story. Having said that, Weeks is still a very good, engaging author, so the book is enjoyable.	2
I love the way they look but have not tried them yet - I take a wide shoe size - so I was grateful not to cramp my feet. I followed directions in how to measure my feet to conform to their sizes. I will follow up when I use them, I am hoping that they do not get stained by salt in the winter.	2
What a waste of money. I’ve had this cord for a week and it has already stopped working. From the start the volume pick up on it is awful to. I have my speakers turned all the way up and I can barley hear it. Whereas when I have the radio on I turn my speakers up about half way and it is plenty loud. Save your money.	1
Superior quality squeezer. Gets all the juice out with one easy squeeze and holds the lemon seeds.. Highly recommend!!	2
I would not buy this watch again nor recommend it. I am having a lot of issues with it. Just to name a few: It does not connect correctly with my phone It keep falling because it does not latch correctly, which causes my screen to have a chip I really dislike the phone	2
The sleeves are too big, slides right off my cast iron	1
Took a while to actually get on the screen. Was not as quick as the video but eventually got it on. I just put it on 5 minutes ago so not sure how it will hold up, but it's 3 screen protectors in the box, so I figure they'll last a good while	2
Love it, my plants jump out of the bag to get to it.	2
limited uses because of its width. Would have been nice if it didnt have a square tubing frame - makes it larger than it needs to be. Hint manufacturer, use round bar for frame. Loads are 50% on frame cross bars, so round tubing would work.	1
This is the first book dealing in Anarchy. Interesting new characters and a suspenseful plot. As every Perry novel a good read.	2
Smells nice, cleans your face, good price.	2
I applied it to my toilet which looked great however within a few days it no longer adhered. I used a blow dryer as suggested.	1
Although the vitamins may be in there, I found this product to sweet for my daily use.	1
This dress.... I want to buy one in every color it fit so perfect and was so adorable. I bought this for a Kentucky Derby party but will definitely wear it as much as I can because it fits so well, is so comfortable and is soooooo pretty. Highly recommend this dress. True to size.	2
Delivery was fast but packaging itself was not good at all. Candy wrappers were all loose and dusty/smudged and alot of them were broken. Had to throw out.	1
This is my 2nd cover. I love it very much that's why I buy another as spare 😁	2
I would buy it again.	2
The screw holes don't match up at all I had to buy longer, wider screws to connect the poles. The legs broke off the desktop right away. Many of the holes were larger than the hardware They were willing to refund me if I paid return postage. This piece of junk weighs 70 pounds and is quite large. I would lose money.	1
Worked for like a month	2
DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER this is NOT NEW it is a SCAM. Battery dies ridiculously quickly and turns off spontaneously.	1
Looks good Let’s see how long does it last	2
Have heard better sound quality from cheaper radios. AM reception is average. Having to wait 5 seconds after changing bands for reception to start is pathetic.	2
these don't spray. i wish i could return them because they just dont work. you can push the pump down, but it wont come back up and no spray comes out. so annoying and a waste of money	1
The goal of this power cord was to avoid making a custom cord and save time by buying a pre-made cord. The RJ11 (phone-plug-style) end for the detector fits fine and the braided cord cover is a nice touch to protect from abrasion between your mirror trim cover and the windshield, but the small spade connectors at the other end are completely useless for most any car's multi-connector harness to your mirror power source. The installed mini-spade male ends are far too large to be inserted alongside the OEM connector pins in my car (it's hard to imagine what car uses such a large multi-pin connector that these would work). At first, I tried filing the connectors to a smaller size, but they then become so flexible and brittle that they can no longer be used. I ultimately ended up cutting the pre-installed ends off and soldering on some GM pin-style connectors purchased from NAPA, which could be inserted into the OEM connector. Now it works fine, but simply not worth the hassle	1
Great book, motivated my hubby to get back to the gym, eat healthy and strengthen up!	2
They looked very nice but they were not a large they were a small. Now I half to return to ups store	2
shipped fast, product as described, will purchase again!	2
Item was delivered with half the numbers and letters barely missing or smeared in the balls.	1
This is the first pop socket I've owned and i like it a lot	2
Bought it to comfort my stomach which has been tortured by morning sickness. But turns out pregnant women can’t take it	2
I ordered these to wear for my daughters wedding so I could have a lower heal, cute sandal and people had reviewed them saying how comfortable they were...well my review title says it all! I wear a size 8.5 (period!), but my toes and heal just barely hang off both ends of these shoes, even though they say they're size 8.5, the side of my foot and baby toe hang off the side of the shoe, and the foot bed was not soft!!! I'm really disappointed as I thought they were super cute, and I've ordered Blowfish flat sandals before (size 8.5) and they were pretty comfortable and fit close to perfectly. Not sure what the heck happened?!? And now I've missed the return window, so I'm stuck with them. Bummer! Anybody that wants a size 7.5 narrow shoe, I've got the perfect sandals for you!	1
I purchased these for my husband who is bedridden to protect his heels from bedsores. I was able to get them on and they seemed to help but there is a seam inside the protector that pressed into his skin making a sore. I can't use them on him anymore. They also run small.	2
I though Uggs would make a comfortable sandal but these are really hard and uncomfortable. I ordered a half size up and they are pretty tight, I can’t even wear socks with them. It’s too late to return so I’m stuck with them. At least they’re cute.	1
The adhesive started loosing grip a couple days after applying. Had to throw away 👎🏻	1
This camera is a piece of shit.... won't connect to Wi-Fi, instructions are not clear at all and not contact information for cs to get help. Fucking waste of time. Annoyed that Amazon had this a featured product. It doesn't deserve even 1 star	1
They are cute in person. I bought the xl and they fit my daughter who is a size 4/5. Very disappointed in fit.	1
I was not aware I needed to purchase two more items the cleaner and sealer which are not sold separately.	1
Looks and fits great but popped off after 1 week.	2
Old and white in color when they arrived	1
The company seems quality oriented and I appreciate that, but this product gave me a couple bothersome side effects like a headache.	1
The illustrations are adorable and it's a very quick read with a cute story. My daughter loves peeps and everything related to them, this was no exception. However, the book is a bit repetitive to me, an adult, reading it. My 3 year old didn't think it was, she enjoyed it!	2
Awesome, awesome look. I knew it wasn’t expensive but it wasn’t functional upon receipt so I had to return it. It would have been perfect over my black gloves as a part of the whole 20’s thing I was putting together.	2
Not a good buy for me. I used them once to cut up a chicken and they fell apart in my hand.	1
Works great for those who may want to apply a leave-in conditioner over night. It is tight about your head so it did seem to give me a headache after a bit. The quality is great and pattern is cute.	2
Its waste of money, poured in as instructed. It did not seal anything, the coolant immediately ejected out of the radiator. Might as well spend the money to replace the radiator for long term success.	1
This gave my dog blisters so we had to put it in boiling water and adjust it for his face. Works fine now, but we our dog should not have had to suffer from having blisters on his face and we should not have had to make adjustments to it.	1
The adhesive pad doesn't stick very well at all. I cleaned the attachment area with alcohol on the plastic portions of my car dashboard where I attached them. Attached beneath (inverted) and on a vertical surface. They don't hold. The cable is just an iphone lightning cable, so not too much to hold. Disappointing performance.	1
Its just not that nice to live with. Looks dark/ not so nice and cumbersome to pass thru. I was having a hard time finding someone to install a real screen door so I gave it a try but after a week I just took it down.	1
I like that it is an oem replacement,it was the correct part for my furnace.	2
Havent washed these yet. But so far so good	2
The lids do not lock, used these and kept trying to get the lid to latch but it won't. So these are now useless for me which is beyond frustrating. I broke a lid trying to get it to latch but still nothing. They just sit on top of the containers, how annoying. Not sure if I got a mismatched order or what is going on.	1
Soon after ordering this pillow I was contacted by the seller, saying it was not likely to arrive before Christmas because the inventory was found to be damaged. So I requested a refund as suggested by the seller. Despite all that I was still receiving confirmation from Amazon that the pillow was on its way. A pillow got delivered yesterday, but it was not this pillow - it was a large Marshall pillow. So now I still didn’t get the pillow I ordered, and now have to return and await a refund for a pillow I didn’t order 😡	1
Used on my 50s wire job on my les paul .works excellent better than the cheep stock wire by far	2
Piece of junk. Won't stay lit to light a cigarette	1
Never receive this item	1
One cat managed to break it within minutes of putting it on the door knob	1
Terrible spouts. Waste of time and money. No stars.	1
Wished I would have read the reviews on this before ordering. I too received plain blue napkins and gray forks instead of as pictured. The seller should at least contact the customer and ask if substitutions are okay. Very disappointed. :(	1
I love the bag! it's a good quality fabric, not too big, not too small. I love that it has so many pockets, that's exactly what I was missing in my previous bag!	2
The little one loves it! Exactly like I remember in school.	2
Not able to read the license plate number even on the highest setting (full 1080p extreme). I tried to upgrade the firmware to the latest version with no luck. the enhancements of the latest firmware based on their website is (improve image quality) but this is incorrect. I tried to change the Camera position, again no luck.	1
Cute book but not loud enough.	2
My scarf was a lite dirty and looked like it was caught on something before being packaged. It is soft as described and by the looks of the other reviews it must just be a freak incident.	2
These was advertised as soft.. It was very hard and extremely uncomfortable for my pet. Returned it.	1
Was a little complicated to put together and yes, I can put things together! The rack serves it's purpose, overall I like it.	2
I usually go through a pair each year. As a woman, I have nails (not that long, but I'm no guy).. and those nails will wear down the tips quickly on the touchscreen tips (didn't seem as thick, maybe that's how they work?).	2
This was so easy to use and clean. It's very light and makes me think it will not last very long. However, for the price, if it lasts a year or a little more I'll be happy.	2
Fabulous for doing intricate paint techniques	2
Smaller than expected.	2
Has a very nice leather smell. Not at all fake or cheap smell. Would recomend for car , boat or RV since in smaller areas lasts longer. Maybe for home office. Have been using in apartment and doesn’t last that long.	2
Doesn't monitor/detect sleep well at all.	2
Only works for marriages that are able to be improved :-( Both partners have to be open to improvement.	2
My dog chewed the cord off the first week. The cord was not chew resistant! Very Unsatisfied. Would like a refund	1
The product that came did not match the picture.	1
It takes the small card! Returned it	1
It makes for a decent topper when it’s cool/cold. However, come spring or summer and this mattress topper makes you sweat uncomfortably. Disappointed because this was my main purpose in purchasing a topper. Having spent a lot of cash, I’m now having to spend more money buying the same product of a different brand!	1
sent it back, only has two half shelves in level two and three, doesn't work with multiple cats.	1
Great gift for someone who likes dinosaurs and the Jurassic movies	2
Only able to wear 2 or 3 times before all socks lost shape and would not stay up.	1
The Drone is nice, however it doesn't have the ability to move side to side like a less expensive from Walmart. My son rarely uses this drone, it cost 5X the amount of the smaller one he had, and he fully enjoyed the less expensive drone. I believe it is all about the expectations and this drone did not meet my son's expectations of agility. I was disappointed due to his disappointment. He never uses it and the previous, less expensive one he had, he used it every day. I think the quality of this drone is solid, it just didn't meet our expectations, and we know expectations become reality. Honestly I feel like I wasted my money and my son has a disappointing Christmas present that is never used.	1
No problems with the product as it came as described however it appears El Garage is apparently code name for SAM'S CLUB! I refuse to shop at Wal Mart as the Wal Mart children don't pay their employees enough so their employees need to go on government assistance that THE TAXPAYERS are forced to pay. These Wal Mart kids have more combined wealth than over 90% of Americans COMBINED.	1
It costs a lot of money for a small bottle/amount. I found a reputable brand name and a larger bottle for half the cost at Wal-Mart. But it has a nice scent.	2
Broke within 2 use.... the cork material is some cheap	1
Hydrating but that’s as far as I can recommend the product.	2
No matter how much you read your baby will do something completely different than what this book says. lol its not the book its the baby	2
I loved this book its well written and can't wait for the second book to see what happens. Everyone should read those book	2
These were a life saver with hot temps and fruit & veggie trays! Lots of compliments on these as they kept the food cool & fit perfectly on the table!	2
Great for walking dog at night around the yard. Light is great and what a useful product!	2
This product was to be a Christmas present for my granddaughter. The packaging was so poor I didn’t even give it to her, it’s still in the box. It looked like it was just in a baggie, nothing exciting for a child to be excited about.	1
The product was bought for a love one who feels a level of relief to use at night	2
This wallet is amazing. The only reason I don’t leave a 5-star review is that the keychain was not made for a small amount of keys, it’s either you have 4 keys or you have over 8, the bolts weren’t built for for example 5 or 6 keys. Otherwise, this product is a must have for all men! Definitely recommended, sturdy, solid, overall great! Go buy it.	2
I ordered these to make wedding favors and each box was missing a cork...some one can't count.	1
I was worried that it would appear crooked or be wobbly since it has to be assembled but that's not at all the case. Love this. Gets the job done and looks nice on the desk when the laptop isn't on it. A+	2
I feel like I paid $10 for oats and my dog was just not interested. I'm not sure what Was expecting but this was not it, it's 90% oats. We've had better luck with NuPro. I have a very picky eater, I'm sure many dogs may be just fine with it, but mine was not.	1
My bulldog is allergic to life and experiencing anxiety as part of his aging process. This was recommended to me and it worked like a charm 1st night in months he wasn’t crying for no reason. He starts at 6pm until he cries himself to sleep. This product has really helped us out. He’s happy and calm with no signs of being drugged.	2
Love the durability of the case but I find myself taking the phone out every few days to clean it because dust and stuff still gets between screen and screen protector.	1
This is a perfect OEM Battery for Chevy Volt. My 2011 Volts battery lasted 8 years before showing a low voltage on occasion. This battery REQUIRES a full days of charging at low current to properly charge (1-2 Amps). Mine is perfect since full charging and I got a great price here on Amazon. If you have a charger, it's a no brainier. Otherwise, see your GM dealer or AC DELCO retailer.	2
Very compact & I like that.	2
This gets warm but it has an auto shut off of 3hrs and no option to shut that off so you gotta turn it on many times in the night.	1
These 7 inch take-apart scissors make excellent kitchen shears! We much prefer this pair with the original handles and simple blade design. The handles are easy to keep clean, and there are no extra gadget features to try not to cut yourself on while washing the dishes. The very fact that these are standard scissors that come apart for washing is precisely what makes them exceptional. They are less expensive too than the soft grip handle version marketed as kitchen shears. This is our second pair of these. The previous ones did not wear out; they were exposed to a problem turkey this past thanksgiving and had to be discarded. So glad to find this pair to replace our previous pair.	2
Great shampoo, however there was leakage during shipping with resultant loss of product. (And it was messy.) Need to improve protective packing materials.	2
I have always loved this movie, really happy it was back in stock. Great for all ages	2
Great product! I love the fact that it doesn't have a cord like the other model	2
The words premium and quality are a stretch. I was on a mission to find brown leggings, and found these. They are thin and cheap-feeling.	1
fast shipping, but 2 out of 3 already have a shortage!	2
One works one doesn’t!	1
Disappointed that both earbuds did not work. Having to return the set. Tone and sound of one of them sounded good and clear.	1
Just an FYI- coffee color means brown.... not black. I can’t be the only one that could make this mistake. Wallet is a bit bulky	1
You get what you pay for. Even fully charged has little power.	1
I will never trim a baby's nails again!! This works very well and makes nail care much easier. My 3 month old giggled the whole time I filed hers!	2
The game is interesting and has an unusual theme, but the components are cheaply made. The tiny cubes that go on the player mats slide all over the place. To get plastic covers that hold the player pieces in place on the mat, you must go to a 3rd party vendor and pay about $40 for 4 covers.	2
Fake .very bad you can not connect the touch except by pressing hard I lost my money	1
Love the product but packing was awful. Top loose on one bottle so it leaked other bottle crushed at top so it is not usable. Very disappointed	1
LOVE Katie Daisy and her artwork and was super stoked to receive this planner. I was NOT pleased to find that the "this planner belongs to" page had ALREADY BEEN FILLED OUT IN PINK PEN WITH SOMEONE ELSE'S NAME AND PHONE NUMBER!!! Wtf, Amazon?!???	2
I purchase these Chews often. This last purchase the chews were so soft, the dogs went through them in less than 20 minutes. When the price point is around $13 each, you need them to last longer. Not sure what happened with this batch; it was def a dud.	1
The hair is very good , but it does tangle up fast and sheds when combing it . Although it is a synergistic lace wig so of course it tangles up but overall i was impressed it made me feel as if I was beyoncé lol . I cut it to the length i like because it was too long on me since i’m short lol.	2
I bought two of these but one of them had a small leak on the spout. With faucet turned all the way open i have noticed a small spurt of water coming out of the body.	2
This product is just a fraction of the cost of apple's charger and it functions perfectly well! The only thing to be wary of is the magnet's size.	2
It does not rotate as intended. Fail!	1
I would absolutely NEVER call these an 'A' cup insert. practically ups your cup size its so thick and gigantic. hated this product, thought it would be great due to the reviews, but jeez, I don't think anyone on here with an actual A cup reviewed these things. What a waste of money. And also, who the heck is this color????? I'm super pale and I am not this color, it's like the color of a freaking cherub baby.	1
Not a good quality product	2
They broke after only 1 wear	1
I had one of these installed for about a year and then it just started pouring when I opened the fuel. I had a backup because I ordered two and I installed the new one. It lasted one week. I went to go for a ride and made it around the block when I saw the gas pouring out onto my exhaust pipe. I went home immediately. Tried to tighten the filter but when I open the fuel line the gas just pours out. NEVER AGAIN WITH THESE FILTERS.	1
Not quite as advertised. Too long and hurt after a while.	1
Volume was entirely too low. Wasn’t impressed at all; returned them.	1
Ordered large, that’s what I wear in tshirts ad other clothing. This was SUPER TIGHT. I expected it to flow around my belly and it hugged me like a bear. Super tight around the chest as well. Gave them away.	1
they are not bright at all.	1
Great quality and fast delivery thanks	2
Smelled really bad mold! I had to wash them before use.	1
They work well. Wish they were softer though	2
Pros: -Very comfortable sole -Durable strap construction -Adjustable as they break in Cons: -The velcro doesn't extend across the entire strap, so the top strap tends to curl up at the end. These are the most comfortable and durable slide on sandals I have owned, and I have burned threw a few different brands. I chose them since their strap connection seems to be built into the sole and not just glued to the side like so many others. They are used as house shoes and are very comfortable. The only negative is that as I've tightened the straps more, the ends tend to curl up and sometimes get snagged on things. Extending the velcro further would have solved that.	2
Wayyyyyy bigger than I expected. This thing is large for a crossbody bag. Otherwise, the style is very cute and I love the colors.	2
This pop socket does not stick to the phone. It does not even have any sticky backing to stick to anything at all. What a waste of money.	1
These leggings are cheap! I could see the second I took them out of the package that they were thin and see through. Also, the inside didn't have any fleece or even fuzziness.	1
Work a 12 hour rotating shift legs get tired but since wearing these compression socks I have noticed a big difference my knee doesn’t bother me my feet don’t swell and my legs feel energized. I would totally recommend this product . Even considering giving as Christmas gifts this year.	2
Disappointed in this product. Bought it mainly for the case and the headphone covers and the headphones don’t even fit in the case with the covers on. I have to take them off every time I need to charge them which kind of defeats the purpose. Should say that AirPods will not fit in charging case when headphone covers are on	1
Definitely beyond my expectations. The case is still a lower quality product in itself but for the money I cannot complain! Thank you!	2
The crayons themselves were cool but, my pack was ripped, missing 2 crayons and had a broken one. The little pack of crayons was put in a big box with no other packaging. Needless to say the pack must have bounced around in the big box and opened, spilling most of the crayons out. I’m assuming the two missing ones fell out the hole in the bottom of the box under one of the flaps.	1
It's a mixed bag. Feels cheap, but it has its up and down. I'm neutral on this.	2
They work just fine, and are very sturdy.	2
This is a beautiful set!	2
I am sorry but this product was made out of very cheap material. I feel like I wasted my money.	1
Just ok, not great. Won't get them again. Would be a great value if we liked the flavor more.	2
This piano have different sound and plays a nice volume.	2
These boots are quite comfy! I am on my feet for 10 hours a day at work and my feet are happy at the end of the day. I'm thinking about getting another pair in a different color....Definitely would recommend.	2
It was very tough to get working, but once it was working, my 4 year old became very uninterested very quickly. The whole family, including her, finds it creepy and we took the batteries out and put it far away in the recesses of the closet. Waste of $50.	1
It worked very well, but a few days after using the product (tmi) my entire lining completely shed itself, and I was left staring at this pure white tube of skin that I had to physically pull out of me. It wasn't painful but definitely not pleasant. Other than that, I absolutely love the product, can't wait to use it again, and my fiance loved it	2
Does not fit well on 2009 Dodge Ram 1500 pickup. Seat Belt holes do not light up. Also holds all the dog hair. My be good for some vehicles, but not mine.	1
This wig does not look like the picture. It would need a professional hairstylist to make it look that way! It is very shiny and fake looking. I guess you can't expect much for the price, but it looks more ridiculous than a fake halloween wig really should.	1
I didn’t expect this to be solid wood but as soon as any material other than cloth comes in contact it scratches/dents. My little dude is an animal but He was literally able to just grab the brackets for the hinges, pull, and they come right off- screws and all. Handle hole covers don’t stay on either- pop right off. Wish I hadn’t wasted the money.	2
This concealer works miracles! My favorite ever and excellent price! Fast shipping too!	2
I've maybe used this thing a half dozen times and will not take a complete charge. Lights up 3 of the 4 LED's but will never get that 4th light. Also dies very soon when using it, not holding a charge. My old one worked for 10 years and still going, this one not even 10 Months!	1
Basic, thorough, practical and funny. What’s not to love? I was always looking for the time in my day when I could sit down and dig into this book. Thanks Jesse!	2
I like the size and the beauty of each stone was given to me. I can also feel their energies that they are radiating off. The only thing that would have given this review a 5 star is because the Clear Quartz is missing from this set of 8 stones. EIGHT. E-I-G-H-T. Not seven or six, but eight.	2
I like this product so far. It's inexpensive and works just was well as other melatonin brands I've used in the past. I docked 1 star because both bottles I purchased are set to expire in 6 months...so be careful if you try to buy in bulk.	2
Despite being very well packaged, the screw that you mount the paper-towel rod on was visibly crooked so you couldn't thread the rod on it. We fixed it but the screw almost broke in the process. Screw not removable so if it would have broke, the item would be useless. Can't complain given the price, just warning others.	1
I never got my product.	1
Good quality magnesium. This was my second time ordering. There was a mix up in the shipping but arrived in decent amount of time and packaging was good.	2
Received it sooner than I expected. Fits good! Can’t wait to see results!!	2
Work well in the house but did not transmit over 300 feet.	1
An outstanding small backpack, loaded with lots of storage. Well made!!!!	2
Doesn't really do much. Also, the unit makes a really annoying sound whenever it starts or stops the fan. I had no real change in my heat level when using this. This is really not neccessary.	1
Tight. Fits like a large. The fabric doesn’t stretch at all.	1
I needed long cables to reach from the outlet to my bed and these are great.	2
Product doesn’t work for my watch??!	1
This been seems to do what it is intended for, which is to keep moisture and pests out of my food - specifically rice. I've had a bit of an issue with that lately, and was looking for an airtight container that would also offer easy access. The seal doesn't seem overwhelmingly tight, so I'm not sure how well it seals yet, but only time will tell. It's a good size, and can easily fit a 20 lb bag of rice, and slide under the lower shelf in my pantry. My only gripe about this is that it's quite expensive, for what it is. Otherwise, I'd give it more stars.	2
Very small thin cells, but that aside they can't be moved once they are fully moistened. I've only use the 12 cells so far and they are falling apart just as the seeds are starting and I am afraid they will disintegrate when ready to transfer to pots and that won't be good. I had several packs from the Walmart garden center in Spring that did great, but they were out so I ordered these. What a disappointment and I'm generous at 2 stars.	1
I really like this, it feels great, I just wish the handles pulled out and were a bit longer, I have to use sideways for my back.	2
Pros: natural, simple ingredients Cons: tiny bags, must eat quickly after opening, didnt like the vinegar taste or the dry texture. Was worth trying once, but wouldn’t buy again.	1
very flimsy as it bends too much, needs to be sturdy.	1
Never received because it was left out in parking lot by garages and was stolen. Why it was left there is beyond my comprehension. I always have packages delivered at my front door.	1
Love symbol is larger than the real one and ring width is also thicker, however if not stacked against a real one (bottom ring) it would be hard to tell	2
This gave me exactly what I wanted. No hulls...no spitting out kernels...just eating and enjoying that Carmel corn goodness. I will be ordering again. The Bible verse on the back is also a huge plus. All in all great product.	2
Attempted to pair over and over. Simply would not work. Not sure if it's a bad unit or what, but i can't recommend.	1
Smell is way too strong. My boyfriend had a bad reaction to it, it gave him a migraine. If you are sensitive to fragrance, I definitely do not recommend.	1
This thing is TINY. Which is great if you have limited space as I do. The plastic is sturdy and it works perfectly with the pods I have as well as with the Chulux basket/filter I also bought to use with fresh grounds. I would give it 5 stars except I wish it were a little taller so that a lager size travel mug would fit. I had to purchase a smaller, 14oz travel mug and it will not fit unless I remove the spill catch and then only barely! Otherwise the quality seems excellent! Also... the orange color is not like the pics. It is a bright pumpkin orange. UPDATE: stopped working April 20. Won’t pump the water anymore. I’m very sad. It worked great while it worked.	1
It did not taste like clove at all	1
I advise not to buy this product due to the tube leaks right out of the box	1
I’m really happy with this! The material is super soft and comfortable. It’s a compression shirt so it runs small- I’m normally a woman Medium/Large pending the fit- I order this in a Men’s Large and it’s perfect. It did take a long time to ship.	2
Flimsy product. This will only work for slim laptops and tablets. I did not feel comfortable using this with my beefy gaming laptop.	1
I bought it for my daughter she wore it to soccer practice and when she got home and started to take a shower she realized it was missing so overall it is pretty cute but most likely it will fall of	1
Obnoxiously long. I returned.	2
I found these to be really difficult to apply. The guide needs to be made of a heavier card stock or cardboard. It just slides around or blows off with the air conditioner. I was really disappointed that they didn't have any blank ones so that if you make a mistake, you can make one. I strongly suggest you start at the back of your Bible if you buy these as it gets easier with practice. Unfortunately, I messed up my Genesis tag so I will get to look at my mistake every time I open my Bible. Seriously, you need to add some blank tags!!!	1
Piece of crap...HORRIBLE	1
I actually bought this for my 7' air hockey table and I realized it would be too large at the time I ordered it, but I couldn't find one to fit my table. I was pleased when I received it, because it is light enough to easily put on, but durable enough to provide good protection, which is what I needed. This is a good product.	2
Loved this charger at first - so much that I bought another one for my kids and one for a relative. They charged quickly but within a few months, they no longer work. So disappointed.	2
Life saver... It is portable, easy to use, and IT WORKS.	2
They sent me the wrong item and I still haven’t received this bikini.	1
Seriously I am shocked by the weight. A mount does not need to be so heavy and beefy.	2
Very soft material, very loose, bright vibrant colors. Fits a bit larger in body but tighter arms. So, if you have larger arms expect a tight fit! This top hits below the hip and flares out from the chest.	2
I’ve been taking this for about 4-6 months. It’s been good but I don’t or cannot say it’s the best since it’s the only one I’ve tried. My nails are stringer and skin looks great. As far as pain I’d give it a 3 out of 10	2
Chose these because they said size 0-3 yrs old. They are too big for my 2.5 year old. I returned them.	1
These headphones are very comfortable and work fine for gaming. The sound could be better and I'm not crazy about plugging them into my controller. Overall not a bad headset for the price	2
The company sent a new product. Way better! Only took 3-5 seconds to get a read. Used it for brewing and cooking. Good for a cheap thermometer.	2
Didn't last a whole year before it just died. Would recommend for emergency use only. Otherwise, don't bother.	1
Perfect tight fit and stand option works well	2
OK-have to get used to wearing them- sound is good- well worth the money	2
I've been using this product for pain relief after knee replacement. When refrigerator-cold, it conforms easily to body contour. When frozen, the beads are surrounded by ice crystals, and you have to wit for them to warm up a bit before they get pliable. the "sleeves" for them are velvety and won't slip around, but are a little too thick to allow maximum cold-penetration. If I were designing them, I'd make the packs twice as long.	2
Seller can't tell what they sell, I received a weird cube thing instead of what is pictured. Do not buy.	1
This works and feels like duct tape .. I guess it does a temporary job, but it can’t be in a noticeable spot or it should be used very temporary	1
Absolutely worth buying .	2
Not worth the inflated value. Dollar stores have better quality.	1
This mattress is only 9 inches in places. What can be done about this?	1
I kept seeing this toy on various Facebook groups that I’m a part of, and it’s often recommended for younger children, so I purchase it hoping my 10 month old could work on her motor skills. She is 100% uninterested in this toy. However, my 3 year old LOVES making the people jump. He also plays with the people in high doll house, so this toys gets a lot more mileage than I had anticipated. As far as the bouncing, they actually can go pretty high into the air. Not the extent that it could hurt anyone though. I stick to buying non-battery operated toys and this fits the bill.	2
These worked for me. Relieves my heel pain- i see some people say compression therapy doesn’t work, but i give it 5 stars because it is helping.	2
This magnifier mirror is excellent. Intelligent design & magnifies perfectly.....yikes!!! Where do these black hairs come from??!!! I will probably buy this again as a gift.	2
Works as advertised, water has a mild orange taste, like the old baby aspirins. Problem is the cup is tiny. You pretty much need to keep a bigger glass or a pitcher and refill this cup after every drink.	2
Bought this to use in the car and it was great in theory but it's just a pain. This would be good for restaurant or airplane use but for use on the back of a car seat is cumbersome.	1
Poor quality. Popped after only a few uses.	1
Just received this, haven’t used them but they cane broken :( they need to find a better way to handle the product since I know I am not the first one to have this issue	1
Wore out pretty quick like a month	2
Never received my package	1
I liked that it came with a case, but the brushes were cheaply made. Also the were nothing like they looked in the pictures. I was very disappointed. Do not recommend.	1
Thought the real singers voice would be on this	1
if you care about your parrot don't get this food	1
It was DOA when I got it. I'm a uber driver and my customers need this device. The only reason that I haven't reported this earlier is because I don't have a iPhone so I have to wait for a pax to ask for it. Please replace so i could rate you properly... Thank you	1
these are thin, definitely not high rise. meh	1
It does NOT work on vehicles it is advertised to work on. You don't find this out until after you buy it. They did offer a return on it but got sick and didn't remember till after the dead line	1
I'm not a ginger enthusiast but this is good stuff. I would like to see less sugar as I think it's a bit much, but I typically just brush each piece off liberally before consuming, and love it.	2
This cover looks great and neat on recliner until you sit on it. It then gets messy looking	2
It run too small And I have no idea how to return it	1
It was great at first. However after about three months, I notice the performance was becoming poorer by the day. The water pressure is good for about one week with new batteries then very weak. I tried different types of batteries, always same outcome. So I bought rechargeable batteries to use. But after another 10 months, the waterpick stopped working all together.	1
I've already misplaced my tweezers, but thankfully I have two more waiting in the wings in the sturdy box they came in. The tweezers themselves do an adequate job. I've had tweezers that are better at plucking fine hairs. That being said, I'd probably repurchase these.	2
Took 5 minutes to install. Work outs slowly with a flat head. Beware, your OEM has a retention clip, so remove the old one just far enought to detent the clip, which is on the passenger side. Clip to new one, slide in amd test, easy job.	2
This was very carefully installed, I carry my phone in a wallet case for extra protection. The screen protector cracked soon after installed and now has bubbled up. There is only 1 in a pack.	1
Product is a bit flimsy, but more annoying is that it was packaged without two necessary cardboard dividers. Without those, the third tier is incomplete.	1
Did have artificial flavors	2
I bought the bronze color for my husband 10 days ago. I looked down this morning and was shocked to see that all the bronze color is completely gone. It’s a completely black ring now. This was the second one I purchased too as the first one was too big. It definitely runs large and I purchased this because I loved the bronze color so much. I definitely DO NOT recommend.	1
Great info from a history buff	2
I have been taking this for a week now and my stomach discomfort is gone! I feel more regular and it's so easy to take 2 pills in the morning to start my day!	2
Exactly as described.	2
It's an okay game - too much narrative, then tries to sell you coins/chips in order to continue to play with more 'boosters'. I just wanted a free game to play with no money spent	2
This thing is a pain. It auto answers although auto answer is disabled on my phones. It also auto answers my second phone while I’m on a call on the first phone. I would not recommend it to anyone. It’s okay if you have only one phone connected.	1
Had it for a long time now, still going strong and my kiddo loves it.	2
When I moved into my apartment, the bulb that had been in the refrigerator lasted four years. And my landlords don't like to spend money. THIS bulb lasted about 12 months. In a *refrigerator*. Unacceptable.	1
Popped after a few hours. What a waste of time & money.	1
My hubby said it was too thin, and he didn’t like the money clip, or that there is no inside space for receipts etc, on the plus there are tons of pockets	1
Packaging was horrible as all the screws and washer were just thrown in the box and some are missing	1
Not as good in cutting the noise as I thought. But it is good quality still. I use them as secondary protection besides my ear muff.	2
Beautiful set! One of the items came off the necklace in the packaging but nothing that some hot glue can't fix.	2
2018 F150 lots of trimming needed to get a proper fit under bed rail. Zippers will scratch up the bed badly over time. Nice material and will do what is designed to do but not as simple and drop in as I would have liked.	2
Easy set-up and convenient wine dispersing. I use it with reds.	2
To install it took six hands. After a month we noticed it was broken in the middle in the front.	1
I am sure they are fine, but they do not fit my KitchenAid refrigerator. Sending it back.	1
Perfect. It's a bit of a tight fit but it makes a BIG difference in the ability to turn the focus knob. It could be improved by having a white marking at "zero" since it obscures the original knob's markings. To solve this myself, I used a drill to make a shallow countersink hole and filled it with white paint.	2
The one I ordered kept getting stuck, and pieces of materials were being caught up also	1
Color was perfect and material was soft. Due to other reviews stating the size ran small and order up, I Ordered an Xl and it fits like a small. Very disappointed!!	1
These bras run small but cute and fit to tight. Not good for someone with heavy bust.	2
LOVED this sarong. It’s so sexy on. The length was perfect.	2
Doesn’t cover butt well at all. Almost a thong	1
Product came well protected and accurate per description.	2
It says 24 jars but I only got 20 and 19 corks. But overall they’re perfect for my projects.	2
Unfortunately, these seem to be slightly smaller than the ones found in big box stores and they do not work on our knobs. I was excited about the color options, but they do not work on our old glass knobs that are hexagonal rather than round. If you have a newer home with typical round doorknobs, these probably work fine.	1
Just after 2 months since purchase something that was inside moved over and now sits right on the center of the glass making this useless and a $450 paper weight. I Expect more for this price and no way to contact this company.	1
Opened item only to find stains and food particulate on one end. Appeared new in packaging until opened. Material also feels a bit cheap	1
I like books that grab your attention right away. That carry you beyond the confines of reality. And allow your mind to pick up on things you would not expect. And the best part is how they leave the endings wide open for more...while standing alone by themselves. A well written compilation and satisfying read!	2
I always love a Ken Follett novel, especially the sequels to Pillars of the Earth, one of my all time favorites. I enjoyed the well-fleshed-out characters (even the ones I hated, like Pierre and Rollo) and the authentic setting. Rich and engaging as always. I did feel that Column of Fire fell short in the shifting action between France and England. It lacked the connection that we usually have to Kingsbridge.	2
Author has the knowledge of how to face any of life's challenges. My story is different but if I could write a book it would be this.	2
Product works great! I bought it for my fiancé and she loves it! Makes great designs and works as advertised. I would definitely recommend this product to a friend.	2
Great all-day coverage and it doesn't feel like I've got a bunch of plastic or chemicals on my face. I definitely recommend this.	2
Nice design, great for office/gaming. However it came damaged in 3 areas like much of the other reviews. They need some quality control ASAP, delivering damaged goods consistently is a terrible business practice.	1
The item is good , the Issue was the delivery was in a wrong apartment number , the Good thing was my neighbor gave to us ..!	2
So far so good. Have only had the necklace for a couple of days but seems to be comfortable. Hopefully it will last longer than the last one from another manufacturer did	2
The hair was very processed. Used a 40 developer and only ONE bundle lifted to about a 30. Left the the bleach on the other bundle for 20 minutes with no results. It’s good to use for its natural state but do not buy if you plan on changing the color	1
My toddler loves this dress!	2
These work very well, especially for the price. No need to spend tons of money for something I'll probably loose in less than a year anyway, right? My only complaint is that the sound quality isn't the best, but it's not bad either. There is sometimes some static/cut-out in the sound, but that might be because I stuff headphones in my purse and don't necessarily take the best care of them.	2
For upcoming Forth of July. Love it.	2
fails to hold charge at 6 months, lousy shave performance	1
Those who grew up in the post cold war era may never have really thought about what nuclear war is and would mean. For those viewers, this movie might be very enlightening. Unfortunately the movie is incredibly inaccurate from a scientific standpoint. Like most nuclear war movies, it emphasizes radiation effects and exaggerates them while downplaying all the other dangers. If you do not have symptoms of radiation sickness within a week, you would not die from radiation. Radiation risk decreases quickly as radioactive material decays. Societal breakdown and lack of food / water / law enforcement / medical care would be much worse than depicted. Gas would run out extremely quickly, food would run out quickly, travel would only be possible on foot or perhaps via animals, and the strong would take all the resources from the weak.	2
Looks cheap and does not fit well.	1
It's okay. Not a novel with great depth however.	2
This dress had a terrible fit at the chest! Also, be aware of the return policy! I had to pay for return shipping and was NOT happy!!!	1
Pay attention. The picture shows 3 bunnies; you only get one. A bit of false advertising. I’m probably a moron for thinking I’d get 3 for a total of $7, but....my recollection is that other sites show only one bunny, because that is what they sell you for the price. At least it looks like it is holding air	2
Simple installation but The protector did not stick to the screen. The wet towel to clean the screen was dry out of the packet. Will take a loss of $8.99 on this one. The product seemed old.	1
I love these cotton balls. The colors are vibrant and hold up well to washing. Easy to work with. Well worth the money	2
This is a great tool. I don't use it in the way most would. I use this to read the temperature of raw ingredients for soap making.	2
Couldn't get into this one. The main character doesn't connect to me. She "sobs" repeatedly about being a sorcerer but I am not following why it is such a heart-wrenching moment? Weird emotional moments like this throughout...they don't ring true and theres not enough context. I usually am pretty tolerant with annoying main characters but man, this one rubbed me wrong. Turned into a DNF. Seemed otherwise very promising.	1
It's made for someone that is a teen or younger not adults.	1
We love this item. Our dental clinic uses it to communicate with each other. It is very efficient and a time saver.	2
Love the camera. I ordered the color plum but they sent me Red. I normally would have had a issue with that but I had 2 cancellations from Walmart when I ordered this same bundle in the color plum, I was just happy that I got the product from this seller.	2
They just fit awkward and looked weird	1
Stopped working after 2 dries! I’m awaiting a replacement to see if that’s any better. My concern is the brush doesn’t get hot enough to dry the hair properly (particularly when you have thick hair). I tried a quick blast with my regular hairdryer first but still the brush didn’t give a great finish. I’ll try the replacement to see if that’s any better otherwise i’ll be looking for another option.	1
When the bag arrived it was exactly that... a bag!! These pills are in capsules and a lot of them were broken and opened! The package should have been sent in a box not a bag!	1
These bulbs arrived in good condition and all intact but they burn out super fast. I've had to change the bulb 3 times now and I've only had them for a week. It just isn't a good value for me if the bulbs burn out after a couple days of use... I will not buy again.	2
Box totally flatten and messed up	2
Worked great on a tank that had been sitting and needed flushed out for the sensors to work correctly. Will purchase again!	2
The cable is awesome; super sturdy and came in nice packaging.Would definitely purchase again... But I doubt this one will break anytime soon.	2
Easy to install, fit great on my kitchen ! Like the way how it make! Only thing is I had too much plates and bowel, little too small ! But great quality!	2
It is what it is. Just a basic plastic mold watering can. Does the job.	2
Printed on both sides, can't really use markers had some bleed through, worked great for crayons. Really liked the pictures.	2
good, handy product, good price	2
just came in the mail today. For the price, it seems to be well built and lots of little pockets for storage.My husband has a backpack similar to this, but much more expensive. It looks like the same size. Love the straps for packing through an airport. I'm looking forward to taking it to someplace warm, with sand, and palm trees....	2
This case is trash!! Broke in less than a week!!	1
I will be using this product for my boy’s birthday party. I love the individual bags with goodies inside. Overall great product.	2
Product was terrible and when I tried to get a refund it was refused.	1
Wish I had purchased it earlier	2
Used it a few times. Get some tingly feeling afterwards, and it smells pretty good. Don't know if it helps with hair loss, guess, I'll wait and see.	2
Good product I never have it make my hair feeling better	2
Product has shrunk in a month beyond able to use. TOO tight and lengh TOO long I'm 5'10" 36" waist	1
The keychain broke a week after having it. It could be I am just abit rough with my keys at work.	1
happy with the wireless chargers.. The car mount was easy to get into the great position, it is stable, and holds really well. The wireless charging feature works good on my iPhone X with a slim case.	2
to big wind inflated it like a ballon	2
Perfect size for one plus three and convenient.	2
This sweatshirt/jacket was ordered again, because the first one my grandson could NOT wear due to a broken zipper...which really upset me. I took a chance and ordered another because he really liked the color and the weight of the item. So far so good with the zipper on this one!!	1
I would consider a different company. This item looks cool and sits well in the ear. But it does have a staticky sound to it. You can hear it when your listening to music. Kinda annoying.	1
Dangerous knife. The assisted opening of the blade fails to open and lock the blade completely resulting in possible injury. While very slim, the edges of the handle are uncomfortable when in ones pocket. I sliced a portion of my thumb trying to open the knife with two hands because I found it dangerous to do it with one. I tried adjusting the tension on the handle to make the opening more like their other assist knifes. I was hoping this would be my daily carry knife, but I will just leave it to open mail envelopes or something.	1
Works great for giving the cat some exercise!	2
Purchased as a decorative piece, its NOT in black and white... more of a navy color... pics are deceiving	1
Absolute piece of garbage. I've never been more frustrated trying to asemble anything in my life. The pieces dont line up, and one of the pins is missing. Even with my entire body balanced on top of the peg, I couldn't get the rubber compressed down enough to get the pin through, and even if I had, the pin meant to hold it in place (one of which is missing) is litterally just a pin the sits in a hole without any tension or resistance to keep it in place. It would have fallen out on the first ride. Also, the stitching on the seat is red, not white. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME.	1
The first picture is what I bought, the second picture is what I received.	1
This is a really cool toy!! Super detailed! My 5 yr old son loves it!	2
Good luck in trying to get the back off of the phone. Watched a You Tube video on how to do it. Caution, the back of the Samsung Note 5 is made of GLASS and not plastic as the video portrays it to be. Used a hair dryer to heat up the back rather than a heat gun, so as not to damage the back and electronics. Tried several attempts and got it hotter each time. The suction cup is lousy, it won’t hold a suction enough to get the back up. My experience was bad. I gave up. It’s not as easy as the videos show it to be.	1
I like to steam Cook for health reasons. The top steamer seems like a good idea, but it is impractical, with regular steamers food would be cooked in 40 to 50 minutes. Since this is a top steamer, only the top of the food was cooked, I had to steam the food twice by turning the food around and starting it again. The one good thing about this product is that its glass container.	1
Big fan of A-line style, chic and classic, can be worn in so many occasions	2
For the price and sweet looking buds and specially the deep sweet sounds this blows everything else outta the water.	2
The polishing and the finishing pads have held up nicely so far, but the Orange cutting pad completely fell apart pretty quickly. It began to tear away from the velcro backing after doing only 1 car. By the 3rd time I used it, it completely separated mid-use and flew off leaving a nice mess of splattered polish for me to clean off of floor/ exterior plastic parts/ surrounding garage items, etc.	1
They stretch pretty badly. Do not hold as well as the original brand.	2
It has a bitter taste.	1
This is a replacement, the first one only lasted 5 years. Not a fan of these 10 year batteries.	2
Not as soft as I thought it would be. It doesn't smooth and shape like some do but I'm hoping over time it will get more pliable.	2
I would have given it a 5 star, but it bleeds on everything. I have washed it a few times but haven’t seen a difference. Also not sure if there is a correlation, but since using the pillow cases I have started breaking out on the side of the face that lays on the pillow. Other than that, it’s soft.	2
I was looking for something that was weighted that held multiple sized cables near my upholstered chair, but didn't want an adhesive that might hurt my expensive wood furniture. It is fairly discreet (black, small about 3" in length and 1.5" in height and 2" in width). Weighted so when I unplug a device (phone, ipad, fitbit charger) it stays in place within holder; making it easy to find the right plug when charging a device. There are different size "holes" so small and medium-sized cords fit well, but don't easily slide out or upward and off. Perfect for my needs, exactly as described.	2
Interior not tall enough for a stick of butter. Also, made in China.	1
I received on January 8, on January 16 noted a white area where some of the pattern was already worn off. I guess there is no protective coating over the pattern. Not practical for a place-mat.	1
I love the size and heftiness of the stein. Better than what I expected, and it does not have an ounce of cheapness to it. The only issue is the lid does not seem pushed closer to the stein enough, it is not perfectly centered on the mouth of the stein, but the lid still works and it closes all the way without interference... love it anyway.	2
Our first splash pad got a hole in it during its first use. The company sent us a replacement. We used the replacement once and it ripped along the seam again. It was a fun water toy for our five year old for the 90 minutes that it lasted.	1
Very poor quality product	1
The marker washes off as soon as you wash it. The bottle itself is good quality though but don’t expect your child’s design to be permanent.	1
Very pretty but ran small I got the PP size that said it would fit G and H sizes it unfortunately did not work out for me	2
Very cute dress.Comfortable material. I received all kinds of compliments when I wore it.	2
While slept on, the wheels came off.	1
Washed once and they got so distorted that they looked bleached. Cheap towels!	1
I was doubtful about the quality of this shirt. Would it be too thin or would the design be poor quality. Got it for Halloween and been wearing it consistently for the last 8 months. It’s one of my most comfortable shirts and it still looks new. No issues with the design fading, chipping or bleeding.	2
Worked well with the TV I needed it for	2
Very limited, and with a range of tests, including many arbitrary ones that you may not enjoy.	1
I've started running recently and I have been looking for a decent set of headphone. As my previous headphones always fell out I was hoping that these would stay in. this one they have done just that they stayed in while running and jumping. The sound quality is good battery life can last maybe 8 hours when listening to music. I'm very happy with these and would recomend them to others.	2
Delightful. Roomy, machine washable, built In air vents, extra pockets for quick stash for ID and keys.	2
Although the price is good, and the scent is pleasant, it just doesn’t compare to GB Healing lotion. It’s not very thick, and the softness doesn’t last. I’ll most likely be giving this away.	1
1 year old mixed boxer tore the rug up in 2 hours. I then spent the next hour picking up all the little pieces. May not be the fault of the maker, but you all with young dogs should beware. I'm now search for a more durable outdoor entry rug.	2
Zipper Broke 30 days after use cannot even return! Bad purchase	1
I, too, wish I would have read the reviews before ordering. I ordered the black bag with logo as stated in the description and shown in the product image... and literally received what I thought was packing material. Call Amazon, they graciously expedited another one to me, and I got the same thing! No way in h_ _ _ I’m paying $15+ for this. Amazon has refunded me and I am returning to them both of these cheap, useless items.	1
Like to see the colors changing.	2
I loved the watch band however after having it for a few months I noticed that the color started to change to yellow.	2
I waited and waited for this item to come and after about 6 weeks I get notified that the date of delivery had changed. So I waited more. Then I get notified that "something was wrong", and they were just refunding my money. At least I got that back. Do not purchase this!!	1
This says it is supposed to fit a 12 1/4 inch pan, but it is only 12" and did not fit my pan. It was a 1/4" short. It was a nice quality lid, I was disappointed it did not fit. I wish I could find a lid that would fit just inside of the pan if it doesn't fit on the top - but so far - no such luck.	1
The glasses were beautiful. Exactly what I expected. Shipping was fast too. They looked beautiful with the decor. Would definitely order again!!	2
The rug is beautiful, just as described. Unfortunately, the packaging was flimsy, and the corner of the doormat was bent and cracked due to the packaging becoming bent during shipping	2
I thought this would be a card like a credit card style. NOPE! its a piece of paper laminated. Then cut and the lamination is not fully melted together in spots. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.	1
The item has been one of my favorite. However, there is a missing item, no key tether feature. The product was packaged in plastic bag, which I am not sure if it is the correct package. I did a few research online and many buyers do get in signature paper packaging. Returning the product.	1
Its nice for the price you get what you pay for but deffinetly cheaply made	1
While the product seems great .... when I opened the shipping box two of the packing boxes inside had been damaged, but not visible at first, glass shards were spilling out the slight opening of the boxes, resulting in several punctures and cuts to my hands.	1
Looks nice but impossible to keep in place.	2
was easy to install, right size, but the flap sticks open. will not close on its own. okay for interior doors, not so good for exterior	1
These are mine and my daughter favorite hair ties! They hold very well and do not hurt to take out.We are repeat buyers! If only we didn't lose them so easily hahahaha	2
This book is beautiful and written in a way that I can't wait to get into the kitchen to cook. The recipes generally use a low number of ingredients that are relatively simple and easy to buy. The pictures are beautiful too. However, I have tried several recipes by now and none of those pasta sauces have been all that good. Sure, you might think it's my cooking skills but what I mean is that I have had much better success with other recipes. Maybe my expectations are too high because of the wonderful description of each sauce but overall I am just not impressed.	2
Fits kind of loose, like a shirt rather than a bra. But it was worth the price and fits ok	2
arrived bent and could not be used	1
it worked great and great service	2
Great book! My husband and I have just started and by the second week, we lost 30 pounds together! The recipes are pretty tasty too. Didn’t get sick of any of them.	2
One of the candles does not work! Would have given 5 stars, but am unhappy about the one candle.	2
Money saver! 3/10 on the difficulty scale. Save yourself money and do it yourself! Arrived well packaged. My wife has a grey 6x so the silver was slightly off color, but no big deal. Took me about 10min to replace. I only used the wipes and the tong/scraper/grabber tool. I believe the other tools are if you want to take the backing off and go that route. I just took the old glass off and popped the new one in. 1 star off because the 3M glue was peeled back from a corner of the glass. Hope it holds up anyways!	2
Makes great labels, easy to use. LABELING ALL SORTS OF THINGS, like which remote goes with what piece of equipment.	2
Liked but need better Way To Size Rings I Had To put tape on	2
These glasses are great, very comfortable and I'm glad I bought them.	2
One of the decorative pillows arrived with white spots/stains on it. Other than that the order was fine.	1
Nice cheek rest it has a comfortable patch of material right where your cheek would be. it fits the KSG perfectly, You could put an ammo strip on both sides of this cheek rest and be fairly comfortable. good buy	2
Still haven't been able to get the fold lines out and it's been in place for a couple of weeks.	1
Accurate, however, it takes a long time to get the temperature reading. If your grill is hot, get your heat glove out because your hand will be over the grill for longer than would be comfortable without some protection.	2
Arrived damaged. Whoever boxed this up for shipping decided to put it in a box that was to small and shoved it in to make it for. It was opened and cracked. Very disappointed. Return it and hopefully the new one will be in better condition when it arrives. I hope giving them chance to ship 1 more doesnt turn out like the first time	1
I did not receive my package:(	1
Recived them and they have a hole in the seam. They look old and washed out! Waste of money!	1
Its a hard hat, almost plastic. Very uncomfortable to wear. It does have the style advertised, so could be useful as a prop and if not worn for very long periods of time.	1
Very stiff fabric, make sure this is what you need before ordering. Colors are great	2
Purchased for my son. He said it works just like the really expensive headsets. Comfortable and great sound. And I have some peace and quiet now from not hearing everything throughout the house from the game :)	2
I do not what others experiences are with this mouse, but I received two defective items in a roll. Problem 1: When I click the left button, only on average 1 out of 7 times it can actually respond. Problem 2: The scroll wheel is making squeaking noise when I scroll it up and it takes, to be honest, a very strong finger to scroll the wheel. Maybe the design itself is defective or maybe I am just having bad luck, getting two defective items in a row. Who knows.	1
Took me awhile to finish this box. I love cookie dough - tasted nothing like it. It was filling, which is why this product got 2 stars, but I will not be purchasing this again :(	1
Our tv keeps going black for a few seconds before continuing whats on the screen. Please advise.	2
OK quality but not good enough to keep!	1
I just received this Paragon Arctic Blast Sno Cone Machine. It arrived damaged so I have to return it. That's not a big deal - shipping happens. However, I pulled the unit out of the box to take a look at it just to make sure I wanted to re-order the item. When I ran my hand around the inside of the hopper my fingers were covered with silver paint and metal particles. The inside of the hopper wasn't smooth at all - very rough, Seems like it missed a sanding stage in the manufacturing process. I don't know why I was getting paint on my hands or why the interior was painted at all. I have no doubt metal shavings would have been mixed in with the ice. I imagine paint would have discolored the ice as well. You certainly wouldn't want to be serving that to kids!	1
The smell is too strong! Great for big rooms, but my little room was too much	2
Small. Convenient. Does its function. I bought two and they are durable quality made products.	2
I am only giving this product 3 stars because these pecans are usually absolutely delicious. Otherwise I would be giving them one star. They are usually fresh, with the right amount of crunch, and just the right amount of sea salt. However, the last batch I received (I ordered two bags) was certainly not up to par with the quality I have come to expect from this seller. The pecans were very stale, almost chewy, and there was hardly any salt at all (maybe a slight dusting on the pecans at the bottom of the bag). I sincerely hope that this was just a bad batch, and that they will resume selling high-quality pecans. I also hope they will establish better quality control!	2
These shoes should have zipper in the back to assist with getting them on. It is stressful on the straps to have to pull them on.	1
First book I read beginning to end in ages. Worth the read if you’re serious about improving your health. Give it a shot	2
Item arrived with 1) parts missing 2) set screw "rattling around inside" 3) no instructions or documentation. The missing part is what is needed to secure the ends of the light to the ceiling. I assume that a hanger bolt would work and with no instructions or documentation, it is quite difficult to tell how they recommend mounting this thing. It does flex, so you must affix the mounts to the ceiling or it will sag. I contacted manufacturer about the missing parts and they asked me to take a picture of the missing parts, which I find to be both disturbing and humorous. I replied with further detail about the set screw inside one of the channels and lack of mounting hardware. It is now day 3 and I have not heard from them with the exception of an offer to have professional installation for $120. I don't need a pro installer. I need two, 3-inch hangar bolts with an M4 thread. Update: I was able to pop off the channel and retrieve the threaded set screw. I will go to a hardware store and purchase two 4M hangar bolts and hope for the best. One picture will show one side where the mount was attached correctly One picture shows where the set screw should go (it is inside the unit) One picture shows where the set screw should be and the mounting screw that needs the set screw	1
Awesome!! I loved it. It works perfectly fine, and heats up good.	2
These are good headphones in regards to sound for the price. However, I bought these just two months ago and the earpiece just detached from the headband and is not fixable. I have been very gentle with these so that is very disappointing.	2
Beyond pleased. Far exceeded my expectations. Great stitching and had this in absolutely no time.	2
Plastic junk, threw it away	1
Very pretty. Not as sparkly as I expected. I thought it would look more like sequins. Its pretty much glitter. But it is pretty and fits my phone perfectly.	2
The stickers are of good quality. I think I read that they can be put on walls but the are too small for what I had in mind which makes me think they are not intended for walls. Testing one in a closet before I commit to putting them up. If they don’t end up on the wall, I’m sure my grandson will find a place for them.	2
I received It with a bunch of dings and it warped on the right side. Packaging was not ideal but it it’s my top-o-matic pretty good and saves from a lot of clean up	1
I like the length of the cord, however I am having an issue with charging. The end you plug into your phone is not connecting well with my phone. It is not my phone as I have another charger in a different room and no issues there. Not a happy camper.	1
Product was good quality, nice frame, fair price.	2
Owned this item just over 2 years. Item recently stopped working. No abuse and little transportation of charger. Cord length is twice as long as the charger that came with my laptop. Feel like product should have lasted longer before failing.	2
The moment I take it out of the package I see that the bag was damaged	1
Auto Zone has a better one.	2
I found it difficult to step onto without holding on to something because it tended to tip sideways. Also the weight was not easily read because blocked by my feet.	1
It arrived on time, as described by Amazon & manufacturer, the packaging was undamaged, and the product itself was unmolested and made with quality materials. Overall, ok, denzel is awesome, but I remembered the movie being better.	2
These were nice for a few days and then 3/4 fell off my car.	1
Unhappy because it came damaged. Have to re-order because it is non returnable. I hope it does not come damaged again.	2
I ordered the same size that I usually do even though I have lost 20 lbs because the reviews said they run small. They run very, very small compared to others. Forget about no muffin-top when they are this small.	1
The main woman in the story seemed unbelievable naive.	2
Works as promised. Excellent sound quality. Packaged well. Feels very comfortable on your head. Fits ears very well and blocks out extraneous noise because of the tight, comfortable seal it forms around ears. You won't want to take these off. Nice product!	2
I don’t care for the material. It is kind of noisy	2
Came broken! But rebuying.. wish me luck	1
Good idea as far as a project but one of its leg broke within a few day when I got it. Cheaply made? Did I buy a defective one? Who knows but O won't buy another one.	1
Leaks from the spout in my son's bag.	1
I purchased this device in late January and it completely shut down on me today (only 2 months later). I would not buy this product again.	1
Super thin and doesn't stick.	1
A little on cheap size but perfect for a few years . After decorations up looked very real !	2
This product provides little to no hold, so I would probably classify it more as a beard butter than a balm. On top of that the scent was not to my personal liking. Other people obviously like the scent, but it wasn't for me. It does do a great job of conditioning both beard and skin however.	2
Cute idea. Not well made. Maybe for less interactive kids. Within 1/2 hour wheel had fallen off twice then lost both of the treads while playing at a football game. Actual line following was bumpy, not smooth as shown in promotional video.	1
Online access after install is great, but very hard to have support to start get signal for camera, all after 2 days after buy, also for camera working you need buy company support you signal for camera	2
MISS ALIGNED AND THE THREADED RETRACTION ROD WOBBLES IN THEIR DRIVE BUSHING	2
Such a wealth of knowledge from many different traditions and cultures, this is a book that has something for everyone. Newcomers and more adept practitioners of all types should be able to find useful information and utilize it in many ways.	2
Started taking this few days ago and I don’t have any bad side effects so far. Already feeling more energized and mood is get better slowly. No changes in weight yet but it’s too early to say that it won’t work. Overall I like this product.	2
Purchased 3xl. Fits like an xl. I wanted to wear it as an oversize, however its snug.	1
Exactly as ordered. Delivered as promised.	2
I like this one. but they send me the wrong one.. but I got my money back. so I was OK. Thank you amazon.	2
Looks can be deceiving...product is substantially smaller than expected, ESPECIALLY for the price. Vials are about 1" in diameter and a 1/2" tall which is mostly plastic, the actual paint is less (looks to be maybe the size of a stack of five quarters). Whole thing together just three inches. Maybe that amount will go a long way...we shall see.	1
Plenty long, much tighter fit than expected. Works for my AR15 but just barely. Fits the shotgun and lever-action 30-30 much better, but pulls the rubber sissy-pad off the 30-30 every time.	2
Got this for my husband. He loves it.	2
Slow start but good story for a beginning to a series. I will buy more now that I’m hooked. Thanks	2
This tape is really a good product for the price. I have been using it often and it’s strong enough for the jobs. Delivery was also fast.	2
CONS: VERY firm, stains easily, not easily cleaned, bottom cushions can’t be flipped, gaps between cushions, several screws came broken or stripped, will only last a few years PROS: perfect color, the chaise can easily be switched, perfect size for my needs, great price for the quality of the couch, back cushions can be flipped	2
So disappointed in this had high hopes. This was not even 3 weeks old. Didn't even use it everyday. When I did I dried the inside with a towel or paper towels. Very difficult to dry, you need to stick something in there to move the towel around because your hand will not fit. At $50 these should not rust. I have returned it. I ended up going with the Secura temperature control for the same price.	1
I have no idea if this works. I just received it, took a dose and am hoping my stomach let's it stay. This is really doesn't taste good and then you can feel your stomach trying to decide whether to let it stay. Ugh! I typically use herb pharm brand but tried this one because it was prime. It may work well if I can manage to gag it down, but I'm already dreading my next dose.	1
I bought this product specifically for the color (green). Upon use the paint on the phone case started to chip off little by little. I would not purchase this item again.	1
Bought to extract a broken screw, worked fantastic	2
Very pretty - would have liked the solar panel to have been a little higher so you could choose your height when putting them in the ground.	2
Got it for my husband; he loves it.	2
My kids love doing these but not many pages at all.	2
Pretty low odor and even then it goes away pretty quickly. Thanks for making a great product.	2
This is quite a nifty little wireless keypad. It was very well protected for shipping. The touch and feel is identical to my keyboard, the number pads are large and easy to use. Great price, and it seems like a great product so far.	2
Not as good as expected. Had to end up buying the screen protector that actually goes with my phone.	1
I don't believe the readings were accurate.	2
this does not allow me to stand the iPad at a usable angle. i will be returning it.	1
I love this tea. Tastes very good.	2
these are my dogs' favorite treats	2
It fits my double (full sized bed) well. It's very simple, no frills exactly what I wanted. It washes well too.	2
Very prompt delivery.. good product	2
I was SO excited for my dog to have this. 110lb mastiff. The fabric seemed Really tight when I was putting it together. He tried to love it.....but then this happened, right along the seams. I’m bummed :( Dammit.	1
Seem decent quality and finish, simple to set and reset like master but the steel pins and shape of it do not fit either of my 3 various handguns or 2 rifles well. The steel pins are a bit stiff to compress and the shape does not give me a good fit like my master combo or my no name keyed locks, they seem to be designed for a larger trigger guard unlike handguns or or rimfire rifles.	1
Disappointed with the condition of the bag . Had multiple dirty spots on the outside cover like it was used. Inside nice and will keep laptop safe.	1
Look is pleasing. HOWEVER! HORROR chemical smell. I let it air out for TWO days....thought I was in the clear, placed cards into the holder...opened it and that faint smell was there AND now my cards smell like it! If it didnt smell it would be 5stars	1
Horrible customer service. Tried to contact them for over 2 weeks to no avail.	1
It holds a good amount of diapers but it will bend at top because of the weight.	2
Clicked a couple of times and then didn't work. I assume I got a lemon, since all other reviews were so good. I followed all instructions and am disappointed that it didn't work.	1
Worst company I ever ordered from on Amazon. Had to be refunded twice for non arrival of item. Don't waste your time.	1
Good price, good basic set, wish it had more smaller sizes of drill bits.	2
I bought this for my apartment. Previously, I used an antenna I bought from Best Buy that was supposed to be an upgraded model. I get many more channels with the boosted antenna, and everything comes in clearer with better sound. There's only one station I want, but can't receive. It barely came in with the old one, but doesn't come in at all with the new one. Overall, I'm very satisfied.	2
Product worked as described - kept the canapy in place -the weights attached to the canapy legs securely by Velcro.i would have given 5 stars but - one bag ripped open . I feel it was a manufacture defect because the other 7 sand bags worked great	2
I really like the lights but after a day of rain I noticed the rear light had moisture. So happened to rain three days straight, the rear light had filled up with water inside. After spending alot of money to install. I will be contacting the manufacturer for a replacement rear light	2
Our go-to for disposables for three boys through diapers.	2
I am petite in size but I was very excited about this but bummed out once I tried. It is too big for small arms and very clumsy for working out with. I may be better off with something around the waist. This shifted a lot and was just too big. My phone is not big, iPhone 6s	1
i like these plastic ammo storage containers. They are obviously not as heavy duty as the metal ones, but I don't have to worry about the lids banging nearby furniture. It stores a good amount and keeps it safe and dry. I'm a fan!	2
It was used on my car, and all the color came off	1
very handy, good strong construction, very durable.	2
Love the shirt super soft and comfortable and looks exactly as pictured! The only thing is when I received it was huge. I had to run it through the dryer for a little bit to shrink it down.	2
I bought these a couple of years ago when my husband had surgery on his thumb. They worked really well for that, but I didn't take much notice. But a few days ago, 5 to be exact, I was boiling water in my microwave to make nectar for the hummingbirds as I have hundreds of times before, and the boiling water exploded right out of the purex bowl onto the backs of my hands! Like a dummy, I was not wearing my long silicone gloves right when I needed them (lesson learned ...again), just my finger gloves:( I've had burns before, and all are bad, but this one, especially on my right hand, is a dilly. Anyway, I needed to keep a layer of antibiotic ointment on the burn, so I've been putting that on and covering with one of these telfa pads 2-3 times a day. They don't stick at all, provide protection and ensure a moist environment for the burn to heal. Wow, I cannot believe the positive difference over these 5 days and the pad is a big part of the reason for the improvement. I highly recommend them if this sort of thing happens to you, but most of all, be careful and try not to have a reason for them :)	2
Item received, Thank you very much!	2
Now I know why this is shown on a male model...they forget women have breasts. So uncomfortable. Didn't fit my upper arm or sit snuggly at top of shoulder but cut off my circulation in bottom of arm when trying to adjust the lower strap. The strap that goes under your arm digs in to the tender part of your skin...all around awful. Returned this item.	1
Works great for bedroom or living room. Very easy to assemble and what you see is what you get. Great customer support and fast shipping!	2
Another great read ,highly recommended ,the only disappointment is having to wait for the next book in the series	2
This unit is a little bigger and louder than others with the same BTU, but it gets the job done. Also, so far, the feature that causes water to not collect in the unit actually works really well. I've been running this unit pretty much 24/7 for over a month on all settings (low to high) in EXTREMELY HUMID conditions and it has not asked to be drained once. The design is a little different, but I like it because it reminds me of R2D2. If I had to choose again, I'd still go with this one.	2
My package never arrived.	1
For the price I was expecting a full bottle but I got half the amount instead.. Very disgruntled	1
The soldering iron labeled as 220 V and does not work properly for 110 V. Other than that, everything else is working.	1
These wipers clear the windshield well but are very noisy, will not buy again.	1
The product bled into the wood. Even with a stencil the lines drawn were completely undefined.	1
Ok. One of the pillow cases didn’t match. It was a darker, softer (preferable!) jersey material than the other pieces. My son didn’t care so I didn’t make a fuss.	2
Zach was a sexy, brooding, tattooed motor cycle riding specimen who worked in a lumber yard. With a body that proved it. He was emotionally closed and because of his bad boy appearance, got plenty of women to use at his disposal. Now that trait seems to turn some readers off, but what they neglect to realize it that he could not use these women if they were not throwing themselves at him. An unattached, uncaring man will take easy sex if for nothing else than a release. As Zach says, those women pretend they want a one night stand, but in morning's light they can't face the truth. What they really want is to change the bad boy into the man of their dreams. Not going to happen. That's why he was so intrigued with Paige. Yes, it was evident that she was attracted to him. However, she made him work to get the panties. He had to take her out a few times before she gave in to her desires. Not just that, he wanted to know more about her than just how she acted in bed. Zach and Paige were made for each other. I hated that she had to deceive him, but at least she was looking for the truth. I figured out about Blythe and her mother early on so that part wasn't a surprise. I was happy with the ending of this story and look forward to reading the next installment, which was free at the end of this book! Woo hoo!	2
they certainly are small... Maybe smaller than expected. I think the value is still there considering the cost	2
Nice bulbs but one burned out after 4 months tried to contact seller to see if warranted 5 days ago but no responce.	2
I Loved it- worked well. But after a few short months wont hold a charge any more. I use it everyday. At first it was great. Held a charge a long time. Now wont hold a charge at all. I bought it in OCT 2017. Contacted the seller. Hopefully they will replace it.	2
These diapers did not work well at all on my great dane. It was difficult to get them to stay in place and the elastic around the legs as well as the especially large tail hole led to her lady bits hanging out of the tail part and leakage around the legs despite having the diaper well secured in place. There is nothing in the diaper itself to aid in absorbancy. In fact, the nylon/polyester-like material almost resisted liquid absorption. I ended up much happier doing a bit of a craft project with pampers and masking tape to make her a custom doggie diaper and thereby avoiding the mess these were continuing to cause.	1
Left a residue and stain on my wood table. I thought maybe it was just that area from constant wiping from the little ones meals so I loved the mat and it did the same thing to that area to. Does it’s job I suppose.	2
This book was so everything! Funny, cute , romantic and sexy!! I loved the story and its characters especially the two main ones! It’s a very quick read one I highly recommend! Fabulous RomCom!	2
We like the bento box (and so do our kids!) But these broke the first time we used them. The lids are really hard to snap on, and two of the lids cracked the very first time we used them. It's hard for the kids to get off and on. They are durable and dishwasher safe, however, which is why I didn't give a lower rating.	2
I really like this band, it's fit and the clasp is easy to use. I was able to reduce the size of the links very easily with the kit that comes with the band. My only problem is how the color came off almost as soon as I started wearing it. I like this band and don't want to wear a plastic one.	2
It kinda just goes around randomly, it was supposed to head towards the noise. Kids lost interest cuz they don't need to interact with it for it to work.	1
These are nice, but where they lack practicality is the weight. They're at least twice the weight of your average running shorts. Would buy again, but would just avoid doing a race in them. Regular training = no problem.	2
I just tried this glue it works well. Gets tacky quickly.	2
I bought this damn thing so that I wouldn't have to style it. So much for that	1
This is a terrible product. It makes your hair crunchy and dry and rough to the touch and to make matters worse I got a light brown color which I did not order and I cannot return it to get a refund or replacement. Not happy with this product or service. Would not recommend unless you don't mind taking a gamble on it.	1
I love the poster ...but the scroll itself was broken in multiple areas, and the clips were missing. I had to put it back together before I ever got to hang it up. Kinda disappointed but I still like the poster	1
These are very cute best friends necklaces and my daughter was really excited to give them to her friend. Unfortunately, the flower comes off the necklace very easily and the screw that holds it in place seems to be stripped. I glued it in place, but it was dissapointing to have it break the same day we opened it.	1
I never received these items, the seller shipped it to PA. I live in Arkansas, I sent 3 emails asking her for assistance and no response. Finally contacted amazon and they refunded money.	1
So far I’m very pleased with this product & if it continues to work well I’ll reorder.	1
Occasionally makes a buzzing sound that is annoying to people I'm speaking with on the phone.	2
This thing some how made a large spark when I plugged it in the longboard and broke my longboard	1
Good info, but more of a layman’s work than a captivating literary piece. I read and appreciated the perspective, but cannot highly recommend.	2
My boyfriend has a nut allergy, so this works great for him. He’s loved the back massages I give since I bought this oil. It smells good and takes awhile to rub in. I might buy more once it runs out.	2
Prefect size great quality. My moms dog now is resting beautifully	2
I really enjoyed the compact size and weight of this tank. I bought it to use with my two burner camp stove on my 3rd gen Tacoma when car camping. It was really amazing until I went to close the valve and remove the hose to pack up and it was just spraying gas. I tried closing it multiple times and it would not close. I had to drive the rest of my trip with the rubber hose attached to it in the bed of the truck. This is extremely dangerous. To top it all off, this happened just after my return window closed. So now I’m stuck with a once really awesome tank that doesn’t work. I’ll probably have to pay to have the valve replaced	1
my son loved reading these!	2
Comes in individual letters. Really cute but you have to be veryyyyy patient good at things like this so it's straight when you put it up	2
Good fit, easy on and off They seem to help with foot problems.	2
These are much flimsier than the original. Makes them harder to use. You get what you pay for! The good ones are cheaper at the fair.	2
I've read all of the Bob Lee Swagger novels and, for me, this one was in my top three. The action reminded me of "Point of Impact" and Hunter keeps the story believable in terms of Swagger's age. Hunter is one of my favorite living authors and this book proves that he still has the magic.	2
Great set. They are not the Same size . I did not notice that until after purchase . I Purchased a second set so I can have two of the same size . I’m happy with the purchase	2
Everything works but one of the remotes got I crack.	2
One of my favorite tote bags out there for a decent price. The straps are really nice and seem like real leather. Overall, it's a very nice looking tote that I can fit a whole bunch of stuff in.	2
I love the book. I ordered a used bookend it has so much writing it doesn’t leave room for my reflections.	2
For a 170 inches rod, they only gave three brackets. The rod hangs down in the middle. I ended up buying two extra brackets for support. It cannot support the weight of curtains with just one middle bracket. It looks good, finials are nice.	2
It works okay but it's not an OtterBox	2
These belts (I ordered 3) are the best belts I’ve ever worn. Being a bit on the heavier side, belts with holes never fit quite right. With these belts, fit is never an issue.	2
I just received this bag a couple days ago, and it fits just what I needed. The size of the bag is great - not too big that it can't be stored in a drawer or safe, but big enough to fit everything that I need it to (I personally use it for my will, passport, and a couple of other important documents that I don't use much but that I need safe in case of a disaster). The red color is great too - it's a bright brick red that stands out in case I need to grab it in a hurry. The one suggestion I'd make is a soft lining on the inside (there's currently a heat-resistant foil inside), but I gave the bag five stars anyway because it's not a huge deal - just something that would be nice to have. Highly recommend this bag!	2
I expected more on the material it was somewhat rough not really soft like I expected it to be.	2
It's ok, Not as shiny as I wish it was.	2
Although cheaply made I had expected that for $9.99. However it doesn't remotely keep accurate time as it gains significantly in a short amount of time.....no excuse for that even at this price.	1
It didn't fit my windshield by itself. I have to use my sun visors to hold it up.	1
Mounting on the corner wall is a bear with the screws. I’m not sure how the screws are supposed to stay in place when there is an open plastic channel above them. Poor design. Also it’s nearly impossible to screw the screws in based on the angle of the product itself.	1
It fit for my controller but the problem was the joystick it didn’t stay on for some reason	2
Will survive SOME heat disinfecting, unlike the provided tubing that melts at even too warm of water. Easy to assemble and gives a solid seal. Will buy again	2
Initially worked well. However after only a couple times out, half of the velco straps stitching came loose and are useless.	1
Responsive buttons and robust options for mouse profiles. Though it remains an ambidextrous mouse; the extra side grips allow for left and right hand configuration. The problems I have with the mouse are the sharp edges of the m1 and 2 buttons. After 30 minutes I had a red impression in my ring finger. Secondly, the m4 and 5 buttons are small and difficult to grab. I would suggest a broader, smoother outside edge for mouse 1 and 2. Also, a turned down wide button for mouse 4 and 5.	2
My cat hasn’t used it it once in 3 months. I’ve seen much bigger in Walmart for less.	1
Granted my feet are a little on the large size. (14 if you are asking) So these socks fit sort of, The do cover my feet and are nice and snug, but they only come up to my calves. They would probably fit some five foot dude with tiny little size 12 feet perfectly. 2xl may have worked, but they do not have those.	2
these are cute, but my feet hurt after wearing them wear thick socks with these if the weather is chilly, my feet were freezing!	2
I've been a knife guy for 30 years. I sharpen my own knives and have never seen one I couldn't put an edge on. Until this one. I was using the knife at work and it dulled extremely easily. That was kind of disappointing. So I tried to sharpen it. I've used several different methods and it just won't sharpen. So, I took it to a local knife shop (one of the world's largest) and they couldn't get it sharp either. Very disappointed with the metal in this knife and the odd angle that the edge had from the factory.	1
When I purchased this robe I was very disappointed because there was an excessive amount of shedding. My review was acknowledged by the manufacturer and we determined that I had received a bad material and an offer to resolve the problem was made by the company resolved the situation. I do believe that I had a “bad batch” of chenille. The company has resolved the problem and I look forward to purchasing from them again.	2
My Granddaughter will love this!	2
The skirt is super big on me.	1
Works out good, easy to put together. The only thing is that the track system for the top draw that locks was missing.	2
The smell of the product is horrible and stays .	2
It does not stay on the elastic is extremely loose	2
Read the reviews on these pillows and hoped they would be good for my husband. He typically likes sleeping on a lower profile pillow, however these are too thin. There isn't a lot of support on them and even doubling up doesn't do much. Really had high hopes for these after seeing what others had to say, but these pillows fall flat (literally).	1
I thought it looked cheap in person. I was also not too thrilled with the seller when I tried to return it (she wanted to bargain with me to save on shipping.) The arms were a bit tight, you need to be very thin to wear the small.	1
beep is not very loud, but ok for me because I just take it with me.	2
Just way too large. Returned	1
These molds are GREAT! I love that they are small, because I can tip them upside down right over my melting pot to let the chocolate run out when molding the chocolate shells to be filled. I also love that they are bright colors so that I can tell when they are free of all chocolate residue when I am washing them. I imagine that popping them out intact might be a problem if you use thinner chocolate. I'll update my review if I ever try that. My truffles look perfectly uniform and are the perfect size for two bites. Love these molds!	2
This was perfect for putting on my eye makeup while on a trip. My old travel mirror wasn't doing the job. I needed something with a higher magnification. This worked great.	2
Using it as an incentive award for my unicorn workers...mounted it looks fantastic.	2
Just a basic foot powder.....more like baking soda, feels grainy on feet.	1
Direct fit. No issues. Got the dryer back to drying in 30 minutes	2
What is the brown stuff in bottom of oil jug.	1
Didn't fit the phone though	2
Unfortunately my betta will not touch these. He tried at first, but spit them out. Now just stares suspiciously and swims away.	1
These clips broke very fast after being used for only a few times. Snagged my hair where it cracked.	1
The thermostat works fine. The mat, I did care for. I have a different brand that I like better.	2
i know that it was cheap, but i didnt expect, such a bad quality, and missing part apparently	1
Easy all the way around	2
Its not worth the 25 dollars for this products!!!! It falls a part after few weeks!!!	1
Warning-no arch, but comfy sole, a little roomy in the base, but not loose. Great look. I'm very happy with these and I wear them several times a week. Slip on and go.	2
Old paper package stained by oil. It seems that it was gathering dust somewhere in a warehouse.	1
This is a 10+ toy, awesome maneuverability and detail!	2
Bought this for an emergency replacement for my cosplay mask Too small Too hard to adjust It ended up breaking	1
I have ordered before and I wasn't disappointed. Great product. It fits just as it says and its very comfortable. I have not had a problem like I have had with other products such as this.	2
LOVE LOVE these gloves. Lightweight cool and feel great. Not water proof so be careful but the dry extremely fast	2
Product as advertised. Can't ask for more.	2
Not the size I expected. A solicitor would had to open screen door to actual read the sign.	2
If you like small ice you might like it. My friend says it's worth it. But it takes about 10 minutes to empty and refill three of these little trays and 10% of the ice cubes are lost from the struggle.	1
Fan works fine, remote doesn't work at all. Tried three different sets of brand new batteries and pfft, nothing.	1
Basic travel bag. Purchased for a trip to the hospital. Held all my items then some room for more. Even though I did not go on vacation I will take this bag along everywhere I vacation with.	2
Works very well and easy to install	2
Shoes are not good or comfortable as advertised I wouldnt recommend these shoes. They are not good and did not last me. I used them for work and on its fourth month of use it has a hole on the side.	1
I really like the high/low concept this blouse offers. However, the neckline/collar does not sit on and/or at the shoulders like it should; I have to keep pulling it forward so that I am not looking sloppily dressed. Regarding fit...SIZE DOWN a couple of sizes. I reordered a size down and should have gone down two sizes. If I had, maybe the collar would sit at/on my shoulders the way it should. :-/. Nevertheless, it is a cute top - I received compliments that it is cute.	2
Has a really bad chemical smell on its own, which actually made the odor problem I was trying to get rid of worse.	1
I ordered a half size bigger than normal & the 81/2 that arrived was closer to a size 6. It’s a shame that they aren’t advertised as MUCH SMALLER THAN ACTUAL SIZE. I sent them back & am now waiting for a different brand	1
Gets the job done-ish... the pentalobe screwdriver strips very easily. The stripping screwdriver combined with the blue cement actually make it really hard to get more than 1 or 2 uses (unscrewing and re-screwing) out of the screwdriver itself. Screws seemed to be perfectly fine however.	2
The brush head is the size of like a quarter-not worth the $$$	1
Will make you cry. I'm used to Kroger sushi wasabi which is about 1/10 this potent.	2
After reading reviews, I bought a small. I'm 5'7 130 lbs and 34d. The small is snug. I should have ordered a medium. I can get away with wearing the bottoms, but the top I can't wear. The top and bottom don't stretch as much as you'd think.	2
The product is good but sizing is off. My standard size is large. The large of this product is big for me. I tried to return it but the shipping cost and inventory cost is almost half the price of the product. It defeats the purpose to have a good product that is useless.	1
This conditioner leaves my hair very soft and manageable! The smell is nice and not overpowering.	2
This is missing the elevator and does not take batteries even though the description states that it uses batteries. Chase did not come with a vehicle . I would like to return this item but no longer have the box . Not worth 37 dollars .	1
They both came with dents/bends in the bottom. This has made all the pages bent at the bottom and it's really irritating. I was so excited to get these and now I'm just disappointed. I haven't tried the paper out yet. Once I do I'll update my review, but I might not even be able to use these; too irritating to have those bends in each page. EDIT: I had decided to stick with it as the paper is thick enough and nice for writing, but I ran into a problem that has made this journal unusable for me. I've added more pictures to show that the dot grid doesn't line up from page to page. It isn't this way on all pages, but it happened on one that I was using the entire two pages for a spread so it really screwed me up. I'm getting a different brand.	1
Cheaply made to be a keychain. Very poorly connected to keychain on flimsy foam hook.	2
It's over price you can get a cheaper one in ebay that won't take a month to Ship. The Seller Wont Help You if The Memory Card Doesn't Work	1
I did not like this Tolkien calendar as it is not in English. The pictures were very dull also.	1
It worked great until it stopped working. Light dead, nothing. I had it for 6 months, first I thought it was the SSD dying, but I re-installed it back in to my Macbook Air and it worked, definitely the case logic board is dead. I find no way to contact the seller now about any warranty.	1
Great Cookbook! Inside the cover are mouth watering photos of the delicious meals you can make in your Instant Pot. I am new to my Instant Pot and new to Keto as well. This Cookbook by Urvashi Pitre is full of lot us of International recipes, curry, Indian spices and more. I recommend this book!	2
The seal is opened. About one third of the solution leaked in the Amazon packaging. Once I opened the packaging the leaked solution fell all over me and all over the floor. Upon further inspection noticed that the seal to the bottle is also punctured. I am not sure if some of the solution was purposefully taken out or if some of it is replaced with other cheaper options. I paid close to $35 for this bottle, so loosing one third or probably a fake is not a good feeling. The only reason I did not return it is because I need it urgently to treat my lawn and cannot wait for another weekend.	1
Just what I was looking for- it was hard to find an actual Mac mix. There are lots of options for just the cheese powder, but this one has the rest of the ingredients too. Purchased this one multiple times.	2
Amazing pan for about 3 weeks, and then food began to stick just like the 5 year old pan I replaced this pan with. Followed the instructions on the pan. Never scraped the pan. Used a soft cloth to clean, waited for the pan to cool before rinsing with water. Frustrating experience and it feels incredibly wasteful to have to be shopping for a new pan after a month. For the record, purchased on Nov 8, 2018; posting this review Dec 21, 2018. Would not recommend this pan, unless this is a lemon experience. However, if you read reviews, this is not a one-off case.	1
it looks good but I don't think it will last long.	2
These socks are very padded and nice, however, I wear a size 8 1/2 and the large is still too small. No room for toes. I will buy a men's size and forget about the pink color. Gave them to my mom who wears a size 7.	1
Did not fit the Whirlpool Cabrio Platinum which is what we bought it for and not worth the hassle to send it back. Went in the trash. Gave 2 stars because it Probably would work for whatever it does fit.	1
Love this charger, it literally took under 15 min for a full charge. It’s so much better then the one the Fitbit originally came with. 👍	2
Too small for what I wanted them	1
I tried to read all of this book but only parts of it was down loaded. Every time I got into it , it was skipping pages. It said down loading but didn't. Skipped pages.	1
Super fun gift but deteriorated, and began to leak after a FULL night of use!!	2
Not alot of flavor, better to add to coffee	2
I enjoyed this book, and had a hard time putting it down until i finished it. The reason I give 4 stars instead of 5, is because there is a little bit of cheesiness throughout. I do plan on reading the next book in the series, so maybe it deserves 4 1/2 stars?	2
Are use it for breakfast shakes After using a short time the lid started to leak Over the place was shaking it	2
Great for using when you are taking coffee in the car with you every morning.	2
Lasted about three months full timing in a RV.	1
This does not work. Seriously.	1
This pill box is working as stated . My purchase does not have the locking feature. It was purchased for my elderly father who has some memory issues. We did post step by step instructions near the box for him to follow when taking his meds, such as needing to push the "next alert" button twice. The instructions given for setting up the timers were adequate.	2
Great product, only wish the battery lasted a little longer and the candle effect was more pronounced	2
Cheap quality, poor locking mechanism. Stay away from these, not worth the money at all.	1
I never received the product and I have been reaching out the the seller for 5 days now and no one has reached back out to me and they took my money out my account.	1
the resistance band is small and lightweight, easy to carry for excercise during a trip	2
My son LOVES the dinosaur pattern, so I've bought these boots a couple of times in different sizes. They last about 4-6 months before getting cracks around the ankle area. So, they aren't great if you're looking for something sturdy, but the patterns are very, very cute.	2
Bling action is minimal	1
both adapters did not work for my pixel3 and my friends pixel 2. shouldve read the reviews before i bought, waste of money and time. seriously, do yourself a favor and just buy directly from google. this is horse crap.	1
This is a very beautiful purse it breaks very easy and is hard to open it is made of very cheap parts and I wouldn’t recommend	1
It didn't take long and my dog store it up	2
I am very satisfied with this order. I intend to order additional cardigans in different colors.	2
I love this little flat iron! Retains heat very well and compact enough to fit anywhere! I use it on my daughter’s hair and mine, and we have two different hair types. I’m happy with the heat resistant pouch it comes with as well. Great product!	2
I love these socks! The biggest downfall though is that they are thin. So they get a hole in them quickly. I have lost an entire pair already due to holes.	2
I got this because it's huge and you can put essential oils in it for diffusing. I don't use my expensive oils in it, but it does fragrance the room using my cheaper (yet still decent) oils. It is easy to use and the design is simple. There are a few issues with it, though, and I'm not sure I'll keep it. I got it less than three weeks ago and have used it daily. My issue with this is that the screw-on cap that closes the water tank, has a piece in the middle with a spring that has already fallen apart. I have managed to put it back together so that it's usable, but then today, the rubber gasket decided to come off and now when I turn the tank over to put it on the base, water just pours out. If I'm careful, it doesn't make a mess, but I'm just not sure this diffuser/humidifier is worth keeping. The mist output is great and adjustable. It does help to humidify the room. It's just that one piece, which is a very important piece, that won't stay together.	2
Pretty flimsy and doesn’t hold up very well	1
I ordered these because the ring light sounded very handy (I'm always struggling to get good lighting for web conferencing) and because my laptop's embedded camera is at the hinge which is an awkward angle. However, neither of the cameras I bought work on either of my computers. Both of my computers are relatively new -- a Dell Precision laptop purchased about 5 months ago, and a Dell OptiPlex desktop purchased last week. The cameras don't seem to work with the USB outlets -- the LED doesn't light up, the ring light doesn't light up, and the camera does not show up as an option on my computers. My best guess is that this device doesn't work with the newest USB ports. I am returning them.	1
Good batteries, but we have had some leakage problems with energizer cells.	2
Burned out a little too fast but a good candle.	2
Quality part. Great fit with a metal impeller that’s a significant improvement over the OEM plastic impeller.	2
I had a heck of a time getting this unit to take a write. For some reason simply putting the unit into write mode would not allow it to take new programming. After a bunch of fiddling (and almost returning these) I discovered that if you put the boards into write mode first, then start writing a new sketch, and then press the boot button WHILE arduino ide/mongoose/etc is trying to connect, then the IDE will connect and start slashing the board. Also to note, this only seemed to be a problem on my windows computer. When I tried writing the board from Arduino IDE on Linux, simply putting the board into write mode seemed to work as expected. (I have no idea why) One more note, I could not get these boards to be recognized USB devices on Mac at all. Apparently there is a known driver signing issue between the driver for these, and Mac's running OS X 10.13 or higher, that to-date, has yet to be fixed. I tried every recommendation I could find online, nothing worked, so if you want to program these boards with a Mac, I would look at some other kind of board or imaging computer.	1
The puppy bit off large chunks easily	1
Didnt see any difference in anxiety with my dog wearing this vest	1
The colors are darker than I thought specially the red one it’s more like a dark maroon	2
They are cheap for a reason. If you put your phone in your pocket you will lose signal. I use a Samsung S8 so I know it's not the phone.	1
very small, the add never show the size	1
Stayed up most of the night reading it. Looking forwards to the next one. Not too deep but fun.	2
Finally got these in and on. Puts off a good light very orange, but after less than 1 month of use, 1 of 6 failed, dead! Where I have these it would look bad if replaced with another manufacturer, so not pleased at the failure! Otherwise was happy with the purchase.	1
This product is not worth what you pay came out of the box ran fine but would not turn it also goes no where as fast as the description says all in all it’s a shit product and I am returning 10 min after opening! Save your time and money and look elsewhere	1
The cable only provides audio through one side be that headphones, or speakers. I tested it with my monster DNA and my speakers for my compute. Shame to say as I had high hopes for it.	1
Good Quality, easy to use must have tool.	2
I bought two of these mouse pads, and they came folded in half. They never completely flattened out. The "gel" part where the wrist rests is flattening out as well.	1
Sleek design. Easy to clean. Self explanatory to use. Arrived quickly and looks just like described.	2
This product broke on the second trip used. Waste of money for such a short product life, only bought it two months ago.	1
I liked the hero and heroine, very like-able. I thought Miranda behavior towards guns seemed a little stretched. I think if she was there then I could’ve understood her feelings. Some of the conversations felt stilted.	2
Saw the reviews that they come broken but took a chance. Ordered two and both were broken. I'm going to look for another source. I'm hesitant to take a chance again.	1
Seem ok so far mounted in my cargo trailer only complaint I have is there an odd size mounting hole replacements could possibly be an issue. Haven't done that much research used to even size lights in homes but I bought a few extra.	2
It’s snug fitting for the WD passport but it works out fine.	2
Clearly died to be more pink. I was going to use them as part of the gravel in my fish tank, but when I soaked/washed them the water turned pink.	1
I just received mine today. It matches my hair color it’s silky soft that’s a plus. I tried brushing it out and a lot of the hair was falling off. It’s already tin as it is. I guess you get what you paid for. Good for a few uses.	2
Is plastic not glass	1
Very slow read without much of a plot. The writing was awkward and the main characters were not developed well. You don't find out any information on the main characters pasts. The dialogue's in the story was also out of place.	1
Beautiful dress, light and comfortable. But I wish the material was thicker. With the light color and how thin it is, I have to wear a tank top under it, otherwise even my white bra shows.	2
I've had two of these now and on both the screen was messed up displaying dark lines through the top of the screen first, then most of the screen not working anymore. Not sure what's causing this? UPDATE: now on my fourth after yet another screen crapped out.	1
Hey everyone, fellow pen enthusiast here giving a straight warning to not buy this product. First, the pen will only work for around 1-2 weeks, this is caused by the awful production of these pens. If you were to look on the back of the pen you'd see "made in Mexico", the one that you want to buy should say "made in Japan" there's an easy way to actually get this one. Office Depot has these pens from Japan that you want to buy. The cheaply made ones here are just trying to steal your money for them only to work for 1-2 weeks. The good reviews written are from people who just got the pens, which at first glance are pretty awesome, but again, after 1-2 weeks they will seize to work at 100% which, with what you got for the expensive amount paid, is not worth it at all. Again, just go to office depot or even Target for the real deal of these pens.	1
This smell is awful... don’t buy this product!!! It made us sick and nauseous!	1
decent product but a bit thick and gets too easily frayed on the edges.	2
Pairs easily, good sound, pretty good battery life. My first pair did not survive long (cat ate them) but my second pair actually survived an accidental trip through the washing machine and dryer! + Hassle-free set up + Sounds good + Battery life + Durable + Magnetic - Not cat proof	2
Needs more megapixels	2
Bought a set of these lids with lights and figured the batteries that were in them would die quickly which they did. I ordered another set but hadn’t opened yet because the first set continues to not always light up even after I put new batteries in them. If you unscrew the top turn the switch off and the. On again they’ll work for a little while. I’ve emailed the company twice now and have not gotten a response. I’m thinking about just returning both sets.	2
The wheel was terribly out of balance. It had a definite heavy spot. I could have drilled holes in the back of the wheel on the heavy side but decided to go with a different wheel. While this is a good size for an adult dwarf, our little fella did not care for it and I believe it was because he could not overcome the out of balance weight to get it moving. I donated it to a pet shop that had only the wire wheels in an effort for them to dispose of them as they can be harmful to hams. The little syrians fit pretty well on it. It does make a lot of noise after only a couple of weeks in the store. This size is fine for a young syrian but, not for an adult. Their back should not arch when they are running on the wheel.	1
Was a little unsure how to use it but once i figured out how it is nice and the size easy to keep anywhere. Handy when you want to take pictures on the go.	2
Gifted. Gift recipient put all other aside to work on this. Loved it. Completed by herself. 8 yrs. Great. Creative Kit.	2
Used this to make sugar syrup and the inside would fog up. I couldn't read the temperature very well.	1
Great inexpensive alarm. The only drawback is it eats batteries every two or three months. I use it now and again for helping reminded my kids or time my kids on various tasks. Sometimes taking the battery out and placing it back in helps. It is easy to read, use, and the alarm is adequately loud and not too irritating to listen to when it goes off.	2
Very sturdy glasses with fab design	2
It runs very small, but it is cute, just order next size up	2
I suppose their everything they're advertised as to be. However, didn't meet my needs because they were for my Electric Toro.	2
Best wooden tray on Amazon. Buy this tray set if you're gonna buy a quality tray from Amazon.	2
This umbrella, while very nice looking, appears to be of poor quality. The ribs are weak and we have had 1 bend to the point of almost breaking the first use of it.	1
bought previously, happy with product. this package contained two 3" wide clumps of candy in the bag with the fully formed candy fish not happy with that	1
These are soft and comfy. The designs are just as pictured.	2
They were for back to school and are great.	2
I like it fine,But would like it alot more if it was thicker .Its too thin.	2
Not much to say here other than I'm a huge fan of Micron pens. I don't recommend you use alcohol markers over them, but if you are just inking a drawing, sketching, or using them with watercolors, it's great. I think I have 6 in various sizes, and this one is awesome for fine detail work or sketching.	2
Got 2 remotes for a very cheap price Same as the original remote!	2
I bought this clock in April, and it worked fine, but then Over the past month it died, so I replaced the batteries and set the time. Then it died again. And again. I tried 8 new batteries and it still dies after a day. This clock is fully plastic, which hangs lightly on a wall. It's silent, and the second hand rotates at a steady speed.	2
sure wish that this product work like it says, I did not get anything from it.	1
Great looking hat to complete the Indy look. The hat fit a little bigger than expected, but it is still a good buy.	2
Looks exactly like the picture! My towels don't stay on as well as I'd like, but I'm not complaining. You can adjust the towel to stay on better, or I think I'll add a non slip element so they don't fall off. They are really nice looking and bring a nice wood element to my bathroom. I will probably add some to my room as well. My only other complaint is that when putting them into the wall they rubbed the paint a bit because you have to "screw" the actual wood part on and it rubs a bit. But with a little touching up you barely notice. Super satisfied with this product overall!	2
Like the way they look while wearing them, but they are Very Fragile	2
I have purchased 3 pairs of these because the fit is amazing. The light and dark blue jeans are perfect. Fit as expected. Sits high at the waist and a little stretch so they hug all the curves, smooth imperfections and lift your butt. I ordered a 25 and I have been wearing Levi’s in a size 25 for years. I’m 5’4” 110. The length isn’t as short as in the photo but still hits right below the ankle which is fine by me. Highly recommend. The soft distressed black jeans however, are a tiny bit loose and did not shrink in the wash, I wish I would have ordered a size down but already washed them. The distressing looks really cool though.	2
I see many good reviews but we had the exact opposite. The majority of the lady bugs arrived dead and I was here on the day of delivery to receive them!!!	1
Received product and happy with quality and customer care! Thank you!	2
I wear a medium US, got a large in these according to the measurement chart, the seams have no give and where uncomfortably tight. I would have needed and XXL most likely to feel comfortable. Too bad because the style would have been nice otherwise. from China so they are not possible to return. The company did give me partial money back credit which was nice, that is why the extra star.	1
I just received this dog toy 5 days ago. It posed a very serious risk to my dog. The bristle part of this toy literally shredded in his mouth and the toy became embedded in his gums, with blood oozing all over carpet. It had to be manually dislodged from his mouth. I vacuumed up loose bristles. I am concerned that he swallowed the sharp bristles.	1
The product is awesome....BUT....when you receive them, they are very hard to untangle all 50 of them. It took me almost 1 hour to individually separate them. Owner of product: It might be easier to batch them in multiples of 10 instead of 50. Super difficult to untangle all of them. Also, when placing the hook on the badge, some of them were super hard to push in place. 2 so far were defective.	2
Install was easy but going down the road they shake so bad its hard to see anything behind you. Can't recommend these. Will be sending them back when i get back from my trip.	1
I am more confident and comfortable when I am doing squats and cleans with these knee sleeves. My knees feel better when wearing them.	2
It's quite a good idea to mount cable box or camera. This shelf is realy simple to install and study, no tool required, easy to mount on top of my flat screen TV in a minute. Holding the DVD player and cable box firmly, I'd like to order two more for another tv in my house. The anti-skid pad is gread to avoid item from slipping off the shelf.The support arm is flexiable and sturdy with multiple locking angles, so suits most flat TV’s even curved screen monitors.	2
Opened it and there was hair in it.. I did buy it new. Which is pretty gross. After cleaning it I find that it's okay at removing hair for your legs but so far the only way to get smooth legs it to use a regular razor in the shower	2
Great set but Gk has weak teeth and the spinning plate on revolve falls off easy I lost mine but aside from that galaxy Zeus is one of the best stock combos ever	2
I never recived my order	1
One is still going strong. The second set died after about a week.	1
This is exactly what I wanted. It hides the sight of the liter, traps the smell and contains the liter with the box so no mess!	2
I bought three pairs of these pants in L/XL for myself. Two of them (the black and the black with white elephants) are fine and sized the same. The third pair (in color "midnight") was obviously smaller. Just holding them up with the other two pairs, the waist is SEVERAL inches smaller. I thought maybe they were just more severely smocked (they have elastic smocking in the waist, which makes the sizing pretty flexible), but the fabric itself - even outside the smocked area - was much tighter than the other two pairs. It's as if they are mis-labeled (because the label does say L/XL). It's a bummer - I've bought a lot of these pants in this brand and others, and I am rarely disappointed, but this sizing is so far off that I have to write a negative review. (I'm also going to write positive reviews of the other colors, though, because when the fit is accurate, these pants can be great.)	1
I didn’t think much of this, but granddaughter played with it for a while	2
They r cute but when u assemble them it’s hard to keep them straight! I had to use scotch tape at the bottom to secure it..	2
My bottom piece cracked to the point where it couldn't even stay on the laptop anymore....it would just fall right off. So basically the case became useless after a couple months.	2
1st it was late, 2nd it was the wrong color not because I chose the wrong color. So I had to scramble at the last minute. Never again from this seller. Ohhhhh and of course I have to wait for my REFUND!!!!	1
It runs two sizes smaller- returning it.	1
I was skeptical about these light bars at first so I ran my own silicone around the lenses and where the wiring enters the housing and so far they work great, I have two behind the grill of my pickup and I live in an area with high moisture.	2
Fit well, worked fine for a few months, now dead.	1
They are working fine and the water tastes as good as the original GE filters. Great buy and will purchase again in the future if prices stay at a reasonable level.	2
Bought this to upgrade our shower head. Install was a breeze. My house has lower than average water pressure so you can remove the plastic water restrictors in the head for a slight increase in pressure. The only gripe I have is that the hand held is mounted above the main shower head which makes it really hard for shorter people to reach. I had to buy an shower arm extension to get it to a reasonable height.	2
These are just your basic pencils, no different then the ones you can find at any lottery stand which are available to fill in your ticket. I was looking for a quality pencil with a softer black lead that would write dark and clear. That’s not these.	1
What we wanted as bags to gather shells on the beach. Variety of colors made it easy for children to avoid "That's mine"	2
Good item works great and it was fast shipping	2
These are decent but they don’t get loud at all.	2
For some reason it dint stick on my skin and keep peeling off. I dint even have any moisturizer/lotion in my skin. I tried again by wiping my skin with wet towel and then dried with another clean dry towel. It only stick for few mins and started to come off. Not for me.	1
Good book covers everything	2
Dries out my hair. I have Asian hair. Pretty small bottle considering the price.	2
I have an LG G6 phone and when I place my phone on the charging device, it will charge the phone, but always stays Light blue, and never turns green at 100 percent. Not real happy the LEDs don't do what they are supposed to do.	2
Finally found the perfect tactical light for my AR. It’s lightweight, easy to mount, and pretty streamlined so doesn’t get in the way. I set it up around midway down my free floating rail so I can activate it with my right thumb. I like it...	2
For the price, it's okay. It is made very snug where you put your cards and it is too snug to put bills in the pocket.	2
Don’t use a spoon to stir in the pot or it will break. I’m convinced that these pots are designed to be broken and replaced. These decanters are the money makers for the company otherwise they would be made differently.	1
Not sure if it performs it's fuction or not, nor does this have a good scent.	2
it arrived faster then i thought, it only took like 2 weeks. I immediately put it on and to the touch it has good quality, i don't know about how durable it is, but if you properly care for it, it will probably last.	2
This is a great concept. The bottles are actually squishy, which would make it easy to get lotions and shampoos out of them. They also have a label system inside the cap, just turn it for the words: shampoo, conditioner, lotion or sunscreen. I haven’t used them yet but I did test them by filling with water and tossing around. They are indeed leak proof!	2
We have purchased several different sets of these sheets for our King size bed. They are soft, easily secured, and are nice enough that we have stopped buying sheets from other stores.	2
It doesn't seem hygienic to drink thru a small hole or a straw. And then again if you unscrew the to drink thru the opening there is still that little opening that then would eventually need to be cleaned also.	1
The light works great. Not crazy about the brackets, but still an excellent value.	2
The extra set of propellers might come in handy. However, the drone flies so well that it almost never crashes. I did have to go through the reset process once. I have tried other similar toys but this is the best and easiest to operate. Thanks	2
Unfortunately a brain injury survivor does not just "pop out of bed" like a daisy. Very unrealistic - should have consulted a medical professional.	1
I’m 5’3”, 130 lb and ordered a small. Dress was way too large and there was a lot of excess fabric all over. Had to return sadly because the print was very nice.	2
I ordered one and got three	2
I thought I was ordering a regular doormat. This is very light and slides around, so it is more decorative than practical.	1
Fit was great but one leg was over an inch longer than other leg.	2
Product did not come shipped as pictured	2
Best costume ever! Product is very good quality!	2
I needed some reusable plates, bowls, and cups for my niece as she went away to college. She is passionate about the environment so plastic was out of the question. I stumbled upon these made of wheat straw and was so thrilled I bought a set for myself for work! The plates are on the smaller size - but I don't find that to be a bad thing. Giant plates = giant portions = giant bodies. This was a great purchase!	2
Not bad for the price my son loves them.	2
This is the fourth time I have received an incorrect shipment for Rice Select. In this most recent case the branding and packaging states 'brown and red rice with Barley & Rye' BUT when I opened the packaging since it comes in a four pack, I received only one 'brown and red rice with barley and Rye' the other 3 packages were wild rice .... with white rice. There is a reason I buy 'brown rice'.	1
I dislike how the battery wore out within two weeks. Very disappointing. I used it for my indoor container garden.	1
I owned an auto repair shop for 41 years and Moog is a top of the line product.	2
All that I wanted and expected	2
The style is good, however the stitching on this jacket is of poor quality. After using it a couple of times, the stitching under the arm came off (see pic). I don't know if the seller will issue a refund or return.	1
Looks well made but I bought a large and couldn't even start to zip it up. The bras had no size markings so not sure I received the correct size. I'll try an x large and hope I have better luck.	2
It was a ok story but very dull. Not very factual	2
The fiber optic doesn't work. There is no light.	1
These are beautiful and do their job nicely. I purchased them in order to fill with scentsy samples (either wax or laundry). Not only are they scentsy color but they look good. Makes a sample seem fancy.	2
It worked for the first two days, but after about a week of flipping, it broke. The screws came out and I had to tape the handles. Now the top screws loosen just by flipping the knife.	1
Product came apart while riding in the car. Thankfully my daughter threw the beads that came off down instead of putting them in her mouth and choking.	1
The only mode that works well is the AP mode. The repeater, router modes dont seem to work well.	2
One of the belts on the front that loops through the decorative metal was not fixed like the other so it constantly slips out. Also when I open the front flap it is very stiff. It has formed an awkward crease in the top of the bag. The fabric lining is not secured so I have often pulled out the fabric when trying to get my wallet out.	1
This is a really great case for the 3rd generation iPad 12.9 . It’s very sturdy but is lightweight	2
These new Jurassic Park movies just seem to miss the mark to me. They are just not as good and the first 3. Just not as good a story line I guess.	1
DID CARE FOR IT. MR.B	1
This stuff does exactly what it says it does.. Removes tough bathtub scum and grime	2
Turns great. Looks really cool at first, but the stickers are garbage and they started peeling/chipping within the first week of owning it. It's not too big of a deal, since the plastic is colored, but it is kind of a disappointment.	2
Works great, I don't see any difference in quality between HP toner and this one	2
My eyebrows are almost nonexistent now that I’m older. This works better than pencils or wax with powder, and I love that it doesn’t smear when you sweat or rub off by accident. Only thing is I can’t decide which color to use, I have dark brown hair with some grey. The brunette is a little too light, although it does dry darker, and the dark brown is too dark. I’m on my third tube and I’ve decided to go with brunette, just wish it was a tad darker. Also I have trouble applying with the brush that comes with it. I use a little brush that I liked from another product to apply this.	2
I hoped this would pull in local stations in Eugene, OR when I cancelled out Comcast cable TV service. We live in an area referred to the South Hills in Eugene. This antenna may be good in flat areas, but it did not work in my hilly area. A small RCA unit worked in one part of the house, but another powered brand (white and rectangular in shape) that I got on Amazon works very well in 3 other areas of my home...one of which is a lower level family room built into a rising hill at the back of the house.	1
I can't tell if this was a shipping problem or a packing problem but the desktop was severally chipped on the corner as well as scratched. I did not expect high quality based on the price. Will update the review.	1
Wrong size was sent. The bags seem durable but the label is the opposite of discreet. Would be better if completely white exterior.	2
These weren’t sewn straight. They were a lot bigger then I had anticipated. I tried to iron to straighten them out and they still wouldn’t work for my project.	1
Ordered a black tripod and got a grey one. Not worth the hassle of returning but slightly annoying. Quality is fair, not as heavy duty as the description makes it seem compared to professional gear.	1
I have had these pillows less than six months use. The shredded foam bunches up and makes these pillows super uncomfortable. I feel like I wasted my money on these and wish I could find the foam pillows I got at Sears years ago.	1
I really like how well this picks up the cat hair but it is a bit difficult to open but that would not hinder me to buy again.	2
Best used as a toaster. The timer doesn't run long enough to bake or reheat anything without resetting it at least 3 times.	2
Feels like this is sturdy and will hold up. Pay attention when ordering if you have an aesthetic preference, I had intended all black and mine came with red stitching that I didn't notice was a selection.	2
I liked the belt quite a bit but it broke by the 4th day of wearing it.	1
These changing pads work great! Very durable and waterproof! We use it on top of the changing table along with in the diaper bag.	2
I love this thing! Ive been making smoothies in the morning for myself and my kids and I’ve been using my old regular blender. It was such a hassle to clean every day! This makes the process so easy. It also works way better than my old blender. Everything is ground up so fine there’s no chunks at all.	2
I purchased these replacement wheels back in November 2018 and 1 of the wheels has already broken off.	2
Cheap product . Fell apart	1
This is a pretty color but arrived with a bunch of dents in it. Most of the vinyl was unusable.	1
The product has the appearance shown in the store altough it is realy unconfortable to use and never stay in place unless you strangle your arm.	1
Slippers were nice and soft, but we're too small.	2
I love the fact that this case is not bulky and still quite thin, but it’s still sturdy and protective for my new iPhone 8 Plus.	2
I ordered it for my girlfriend because she collects wolf stuff. She loved it	2
Lasted for just under a year. Will have to replace as the leather has ripped on the closure flap that holds the magnets. Besides this issue I liked the case. Not sure if I will reorder again.	2
The women portrayed were too weak and naive. However, I love the writer. He makes me want to read all his books and Riley is a different type of heroine.	2
They are comfortable, not the cushion I was hoping for based on reviews. I have not had them slip off the heel which is nice.	2
Bag is solid but the zipper is awful. Keeps getting stuck/coming apart	1
I didn't realize that the only thing that comes with it is a SHORT usb cable...and it doesn't fit my LG g6 plug...I am using it anyway, but not a fast charger!...it's probably me.	1
I ordered this brush a while ago but only used it 2 or 3 times in the shower. It's a regular brush as any, nothing special about it. The brush was very rough on my skin, and it didn't seem like it was helping me. Don't get this product if you can't handle rough brushes or the uncomfortably sturdy bristles. If you wanna brush your skin the same way as you would a greasy pan, this product is right for you.	1
I will never buy this product again. An will never recommend this brand other then a NOT to buy.	1
With a normal Aux lead you have to wait for at least 20 seconds before you plug in for it to work. This lead you plug in and auto connects when the Bluetooth unit is ready. This lead is for music only and will not charge your phone.	2
This was great. I was able to use t to get a line out from a soundboard when recording an event. It was amazing!	2
This turned out amazing!! The cap fit perfectly and arrived on time. I looked like my kid did not have hair. Looked like i was looking at my husband, him being bald, it was freaky! I would highly recommend this. It is cheap, looks good and feels good.	2
Wish the ends were more tapered	2
Smaller portion size allows for better portion control, works well for reheating meals and nice and easy to clean if you are stuck without a dishwasher	2
Within a couple days of receiving these they stopped working. My son actually said they didn’t work quite like his friends from the beginning. Very disappointing considering what we paid for them. Unfortunately they were a gift so my return window expired before I even got to give them.	2
Slippers are all perfect	2
Didn't seem like it actually charged the controllers, and the lights on it are way too bright.	1
Fun game for the family. I was a little disappointed that the box came with a hole in it. It was a gift for my my brother and didn't have time to return it. Bit of a bummer.	2
Loved the variety in sizes	2
Great product. Finally removed the stubborn tarnish from my me & ro ankle bracelets. Easy to use and fast. Recommended it to everyone	2
This is a gift for my daughter, she’s heard really good things about this product, I’m anxious to see what she thinks. It looks pretty interesting.	2
Book itself is great. Only complaint is that it was sold to me as NEW but has writing and highlights thoughout the first section. Paid full price for a new book to receive a used one......	1
These balls are not fit for playing tennis. They are really soft, and they don't bounce. I think these are intended for dogs to play fetch.	1
Really pretty, but unfortunately it doesn’t lay flat and was really annoying. Ended up returning.	1
I thought the glasses would have multiple pineapples on the glasses like how it is shown in the picture, yet there is only one pineapple on each glass. A little disappointed but still a cute gift.	2
I ordered the Dark Navy color but it's really appears to be black. The tags are labeled Dark Navy but maybe they're incorrect? The picture shows the pants on the left with some Navy Blue material I'm working with on the right.	2
I don't know about 4 more yards, but I like the tee	2
I know this is a dupe but it’s awful. I don’t know how it has good reviews. The white squares have an awful yellow stitching all over. My husband laughed when I opened it up. Donating immediately	1
This is a cute little pond for teeny tiny baby turtles but ours disliked the lack of space once he grew which happened fast!	2
Looks cool and works great	2
The overall function works. It's easy to adjust the angle of the chair. It's also easy to get it upside-down which is easily noticed by the comfort of the chair. For long time use it's not the most comfortable thing to sit on.	2
This compost was shipped with missing part BIZ which is a latch that holds door closed. I called customer support and they said they would send in mail. One month later and I still don't have part. I have emailed customer service twice with no response. I can't not use compost because I can't tumble. Beware!!!!	1
Did not fit my 2.0. Was too tall, so I had it picked up for return. Over a month and a half later, still no refund.	1
Very study and survived the dishwasher. I loved the last set I had. They are exactly as pictured. Great value. Just over a dollar a piece.	2
I order the blue color and it came in two different shades of blue. I’m going to return this merchandise.	1
Playing with the switch in handheld mode, using this product has a lot of input delay.	1
The tone is very artificial, but this was for a kid. I’m just happy it has a headphone jack! Now all I have to listen to are clicks from the keys.	2
Nice book with recipes for people who have had gall bladder surgery.	2
Love these liquid drops as opposed to pills. Faster absorption and good taste	2
I ordered and received my challenge coin display before expected. The item was packaged appropriately to protect it during transit. Looks great! The display is well balanced on my shelf and seems well crafted. One minor issue is that the slots on each tier are slightly too narrow for some of the larger and thicker coins by about 1/8" inch so they don't quite display like the others but lean against the back.	2
I wanted deeper pockets.	2
The most comfortable thing I've ever put on w/o looking frumpy. Usually, loose clothes make you look like you're hiding something. With this outfit, even you were, no one would notice. And it's stylish, can be work in so many different ways.	2
This model had to be returned for a refund. On/Off switch not working properly.	1
I have just one complaint and it's a pretty big one: The bag, at its smallest, is too large to be worn around my waist. I'm 5 ft. 6, around 120 lbs, a size two. I'm pretty much just like the woman in the photo, so I wonder if they pinched the bag in the bag behind her in order to make it fit. The straps are definitely at their smallest, no question there. It's about 4 inches too big for my waist, and if I take one step, the whole bag falls to the floor. So I have to decide whether to return it or keep it as a crossbody bag only. I do like the bag otherwise very much...but I have several crossbody bags and bought this one so I could wear it around the waist during our travels.	2
This is definitely a LARGE pillow, as it can fit our German Shepherd with lots of wiggle room. The color is very vibrant and the fabric is easy to wipe clean... however it needs a lot more stuffing in my opinion as it says in certain areas, and you have to "re-fluff" it more often than I would like.	2
I love taking these to the ocean because they are much harder to lose than flip flops, and much prettier than most water shoes. they fit in your pocket and can be rinsed off for easy sand removal	2
Looks just like the picture. Will be perfect for my bat costume. The strings are a little short. I have just enough string to tie it in a bow. May be too small if you have a larger head. The material feels good though.	2
Reception is fairly good. Easy to use and compact. Not as good as a directional TV antenna but much more durable. Excellent for travel use.	2
Well I liked everything. The package was delivered when they said it was going to be. The package was packed like it should of been and would definitely buy from the company again. I love the product and I use it every time I get into my car	2
It broke the second time I tried to put it on	1
The money didnt shoot out very well. I returned this item. I was not a huge fan	1
Loved these! Third time I’ve purchased!	2
It was a little more difficult to pump up than other pumps that I previously purchased	2
These were way to small. The size I usually wear didn't even come close to fitting. They were also very narrow through the legs. The material was also much thinner than I was expecting. returned	1
First time reader and I loved every minute of it. Surprising ending I didn’t see coming. Well written content with contemporary and Old Testament transitional time period makes this a great way to keep up with the story.	2
Is exceptionally warm perfect for snow	2
We played Elmo ABC after getting this DVD player. It has good quality of image and sound. We can take it to wherever we need to. The best thing is I can make sure my kids to watch anything which is appropriate to their age. Sometimes the internet and TV will pop up the ads or so the kids are easy to get distracted by other things.good investment	2
I have been an Aircat owner for many years and all of my air tools are made by Aircat, But, I bought this 1250 Aircat and it was not close to it's claimed torque forward or breakaway. I may have just gotten a bad unit and I will likely buy another at some point but for now my ten year old 1200 Aircat still works fine.	1
Removable with water doesn't seem like such a great idea when part of the process is running water over it. After setting it for a long while, the layer of emulsion just flakes right off.	2
I would have preferred slightly tighter adhesion, especially along the edges, but these glass screen protectors do a great job. They are fairly easy to install and are almost impossible to detect. Their price point was excellent. I might also add they were packaged in a very high quality fiberboard folder that protected them well during shipment. I would highly recommend these screen protectors.	2
I am thrilled with the picture quality but I can't stand watching the great pic and sound become pixelated avery 10 to 30 seconds. Tried changing the amp switch from amber to green and no difference. All the local digital channels have the same issue and the TV is basically unwatchable with the constantly interrupted signal.	1
I bought this product for the wide angle lens to take pictures outdoors. However, I was disappointed no matter what I did to the lens (cleaning, adjusting etc.) there was a blur on the left side. I realized my iPhone 7 takes better pictures without the lens. I would not purchase this product.	1
I have tried and tried but I cannot get this plug in to produce any smell. We use the lemon essential oil from Young Living, which smells amazing in other diffusers. But no matter how much oil we put on this plug-in, you can only smell it if you’re within about 1 to 2 feet of it. A real bummer because this thing looks very nice and is very easy to use.	1
The colors are great! they are super bold! All the pins arrived intact and in working order. The little pins are mini, but they are super cute and i can't wait to make tiny crafts with the tiny humans.	2
Couldn't get it to pair to two phones!!	1
Great product! My dogs all love this. Shipping box was horrible. Treats all crushed.	2
Gorgeous! I bought as a gift but want some for me too!!!	2
Low quality glass and fabrication. Mounted to my tank for one week, and it just broke without touching.	1
Dinosaur came thrown in its box without padding or protection of any kind, just rattling in there as if broken. Seems like such a cheap gift. Not happy about purchase.	1
Fits perfectly easy to install looks great	2
Fun gift. Unfortunately all of the cars are on the same frequency. Purchased 3 cars for the kids and they cannot play with them together,	2
The colors are vibrant but they are a lot shorter then expected. Washed them in cold water, hung to dry, and still child like. Got the xl. Would not purchase again.	2
After removing this item from the box, I washed the part by screwing it to the cup containing soapy warm water & shaking it. When I unscrewed the blade the black rubber gasket dropped off - fell off, came apart. After 10 minutes of trying to thread it back onto the blade post - I gave up. It was stripped. Now I discover it's not returnable!	1
Keep my food warm and moist	2
Too large better for a dog	1
Very simple handle which makes holding a tumbler like my Yeti comfortable to hold!	2
super cute just like the picture but it was top heavy! had to tie it just to get it to sit right but still looked cute as all heck. just buy it! Also stays aired up for friggin ever and it’s huge.	2
Has maybe worked a total of 5 minutes since getting it almost a month ago. And it’s in direct sunlight	1
I use this in several body/ bath products . I have purchased refined and unrefined. All of the containers have been cracked on the bottom, fyi. Shipping problem? Or factory problem? I prefer refined. No smell.	1
Ugg...Felt like a 1950s stereotype of rich southerners, but the characters were so cartoonish & unbelievable for current day and time. Maybe I hated it because I'm from the South, & it was like a driving miss daisy but with younger sexy characters.	1
Washer Drain Pump Replacement Part lasted about 2 months. The part I received is not OEM. these were all made in the same manufacturing facility in china. The are all likely of a very poor quality. The problem is WHO CAN YOU TRUST.	1
Ok quality for what it is	2
It was great but mine came out of the box with some dings along the rim of the bowl	2
good helpful book would like a bit more detail on how to change the look of charts	2
After sleeping on this for the second night my son who weighs 90 lbs woke up to a deflated bed. It was comfortable the first night and it is a good cost but not built to last.	1
I have to buy this charger when I use it in the United States... It only works under 120V, and may not be usable in other countries. It is bad to have to have more than one charger just due to the fact that it can't work under 220V.	2
I am not a movie critic. So, I gave 5 stars for perfect condition of the Blu-ray disc when it was delivered and Amazon's shipment that provides the name of the name of the hotel front desk staff for easy tracking for a traveling customer like me. Recommendation: printed billing statement should be included inside the package since the billing address is the same with the delivery's.	2
Easy to put on and take off	2
missing a few bits. quality is medium-low	1
When I ordered this product I thought it had a hinge when received it is only a ribbon, sending this product back plus it is too small for what I wanted it for	1
Perfect for our grad party!	2
I love this tea pot. The only bad thing is you need to watch it because it will boil over easily and get all over your stove.. this being said I love it and would definitely have bought it again. :-)	2
If I could give this No Stars I would!! This product didn't work at all!!! Don't Trust It! I wish I could have my money back, the product didn't work as promised even though the directions were followed to a T!	1
Love this cooler! Best thing about it’s that it’s leak-proof. Tipped over and no water leaked out. Keeps everything nice and cold and for several days. Love how it gives you serval options to carry the cooler. Overall I’m pretty impressed with it. Only thing I don’t like is the logo on the zipper cause it looks like a d*** and two balls and unfortunately everyone sees the same thing when they come to get something from my cooler; at least it’s a conversation starter lol.	2
I appreciate the quality and ingredients of this product.	2
This product does not attract mosquitoes or get rid of them. If they happen to fly by it they might get sucked up. Another issue is it doesn't kill them. You have to constantly run it and hope when you go to clean it the bugs are dead because they will just fly out.	1
They run small and tight. Love the shoe but my pinky toe was slightly raw after 18. I wouldn't walk in these unless they fit well.	2
One of the cables stopped working after a month.	1
I have use the light in different situations. It’s worked out well each time. For the light to be so small. It’s very strong. Having the remote is a plus. My plan is to get another one	2
The screen protector cracked with less than of usage.	1
Stitching on arm came off, but little sis loved it	2
EDIT: After one month, it has stopped working. It stays in one place and never gets shoved in a bag for travel or anything so I have no clue why it broke. And I can’t return it because it’s been to long :( Since I had a galaxy s9 before the iPhone XR, I wasn’t too happy about the price. Nonetheless, the quality is great and I feel like this will last a long time. Reaches to my bed easily!	1
No idea why but neither of my dogs will go near this. They’d rather sleep on the floor than climb up the ramp. If they would use, it was a perfect solution.	2
I thought this was delightfully designed, but it’s too big for my computer so I have to return it. It didn’t work out for me. 13.5” Surface had too much wiggle room.	1
Super nice looking clings, but the edges curl and don’t stick to the windows no matter what I tried with them. I got better ones at the Dollar Store.	2
I did NOT get flip flops! I got a box of incense!!!! Of course this “isn’t eligible for return” do not order from this seller.	1
I think that it looks very cheap and I do not like it.	1
Picked this up because it was the cheapest, but it's noticeably less powerful than the magnasonic cleaner I replaced this with. If you dip your finger in the water when it's running, you barely feel anything, whereas with the magnasonic you feel definite and pretty powerful vibration.	2
These lights are not bright. Good for confined spaces only.	1
These are super cute (I got the orange sparkly ones)! But they did not last thru even one full day. This was no rugged trip either, just a float on a fairly calm river. I will bump my review from 1 to 2 stars though, because I also had a black pair and those ones held up a lot longer (unfortunately I lost them). So I would say the sparkly ones are made with far inferior materials.	1
exactly what i wanted perfect for mu counter	2
Fun little guy, but already i can tell the weight is becoming loose and it's getting louder and louder.	2
Perfect fit for my 14 year old daughter and they looked great with her costume. May be too small for an adult.	2
In the beginning I really disliked the narrator, but as the story developed, my opinions completely changed. I ended up enjoying this one a great deal. My first from this author, so I will definitely read more.	2
Fogs up every single time!	1
The DPI button is easy to accidentally hit when gaming, which is really obnoxious	2
I had this bench for 3 months in my shower and it loosened up very bad. I re-tightened the bolts and within a week it just broke in pieces.	1
Its cute, but cracked near the edges of the case. The hard shell of the case	2
The sound is pretty good. If they would get a little louder, I could give them a 5 star. What I Love about these: When you pull it out of the charging case, it automatically connects to my phone. When I stick it back into the charger, it disconnects. The fit. I didn't know if the upside down, fill your ear design would be comfortable, but it actually is. It makes these very stable and I can even run with them in without them moving at all. LIke, I said before, if these got a little louder, I could give them a 5 star. I didn't notice that these were noise cancelling. So can't comment on that. I only ever keep on in, so that's probably why I didn't notice.	2
I bought this watch for my son back in May, it ran good till the end of July and just quit, and it won't charge at all. Not a good investment	1
I bought a fly swatter from this listing and it works really well. Was thinking about leaving a good review for that but got pissed off when seeing the seller change the whole listing to a much more expensive mosquito killing Lamp. Is this some sort of sneaky marketing tricks? For this reason im leaving it 3 stars.	2
I ordered a medium and received a size xxxl. I returned it and didn't bother ordering from this seller again. There's quite a large difference between M and XXXL, I don't see how that mistake could have been made. I'm still waiting on my refund.	1
It’s a great product but my order came as 3 giant clumps that are difficult to break apart.	2
Everything was as expected.	2
The idea is cute and the hamster enjoyed it, however the hamster spent all his time in the tubes and went to the bathroom in the. The hamster was dirty and smelled aweful and the tubes are a pain to take out and constantly wash. We took the majority of the tubes out and we now have cleaner less smelly hamster.	2
From the description, I figured this would provide a flex through the ankle, but it operates much the same way as the pedal on a sewing machine. Both feet flex up and down, just not at the same time; it alternates, which you can feel through the calf and shin, but not so much in the ankles because the range of motion isn't a deep enough flex to really feel therapeutic.	1
So cute. Perfect for my costume. Would have given 5 stars but the wires that you use to attach the bees comes off easily.	2
Arrived very quickly as most Amazon stuff does. Packaging was really good. The protective film is really clear I think it is as good as a name brand film if not better.	2
I washed these sheets before using them, and found that they had dyed two white dish towels bright pink. I've never had this problem with inexpensive microfiber sheets before. Second washing they were still bleeding a lot of dye and I wonder had used them would the dye have stained us! The color is dull too, not bright like it looks in the photo. I have three sets of the Mellanni sheets and they have been great, soft and colorfast. I wish Amazon still carried them. Similar price; much better quality. Sending them back. Amazon makes it easy, fortunately.	1
I don't like no w you have to be 13 to be able to chat I'm 9 i should be able to chat	2
Loved it! I thought it would be gaudy but its perfect	2
2 of the cutters were bent. I can’t cut out cookies with bent cutters. I’m sending them back for a replacement.	1
With very light use since February, a seam has come loose and the heads instead have leaked all over my bedroom. Very disappointed. EDIT: I reached out to the company and they sent me a replacement, free of charge. The new blanket works amazingly. Very comforting.	2
Files corrupted within a day. Seems like I'm not the only one with that issue. Think carefully before you buy!	1
Materials has not come as per request its not 256 GB its only 230 GB....	1
Good dryer. Lightweight. Settings is simple enough to use. Dries hair quickly. I gave this 4 stars because the attachment nozzle always comes off before I start to dry my hair or when putting away it in cabinet. Even if I try to screw nozzle on, it still comes off easily.	2
Disappointed with the sound and the quality of this turntable. Other than the wood case the product components seemed flimsy. I returned it.	1
Problem about this is it scans one thing at a time and then fails, gives an error. I now have to replace it with something else or if someone can contact me about replacing that would be great. It is very hard to get work done.	1
So Far I have not put this multi-piece shoe rack together. I look in the box at the "so many pieces" and close the lid and walk away. One of the Instructions said to "be sure to read the instruction manual carefully before assembly." The "manual" is one page. A one-page "manual." Maybe the "manual" was accidentally left out of my box." So many pieces....	1
Hardware (screws) were not included with the product - that has delayed me from installing the weather station	1
The coloring and the details are incredible! The hair and the wand especially are just beautifully made! + it arrived in a perfect condition	2
TERRIBLE SUPER UNCOMFORTABLE. It is horrible to sit on and even worse to sleep on. I sent it back the very next day. The linen material is super dry and there is hardly any cushion in it. Dont buy	1
My porch was missing something, came accross these and gave it the right touch. Had to buy 2 orders of these to be enough to go around my porch.	2
Goes off line all the time not reliable. Waze cameras I bought the same day work way better.	1
Seems to be good quality but very strong chemical odor, on day 2 of airing it out..	2
Purchased this with a very specific use in mind, and verified all of the components purchased would fit within the specs. Not the easiest case to work with, but about what you would expect for a 2U unit. Has enough internal space for a basic system, but extremely limited if you are using 3.5 HDD at all. Biggest complaint is that the front USB panel fried 3 wireless keyboard receivers. As someone experienced with computer build configurations, I can verify that this was not a hookup error. Even tested with another motherboard and had the same results. Unfortunate that the positive price point on this case was heavily overshadowed by low quality components. Also, the two included fans are extremely noisy and were immediately replaced buy after-market components.	2
It cautions not to iron, but steaming was not cutting it- so I carefully ironed, and it was fine. I'm 5'7" and the length was good. I did tie the corset fairly tightly to keep everything in place, but otherwise size was good.	2
Was not real happy with the product I thought it was like real jerky where you pull it apart but this is almost like compressed together or something was not what I thought it was	2
Much more teal green then blue. Was hoping this would be a much deeper blue color.	1
Only 1 out of 3 cords works.	1
Seriously Kate Aspen? You advertised and charged me for 24 and only put 12 in the packaging. 😡	1
First time I saw this was after a facial. She recommended it for my dry lips. I bought on Amazon, love it and love the hint of color. Naturally brightens my face while moisturizing my lips	2
It was difficult to get my son in and out of. The latches used to secure the tray are difficult to use and hurt my fingers sometimes.	2
Loved the taste and would love to try more flavors, a great way to help stay in ketosis!	2
Well made & sturdy. Work well in fleet trucks & will hopefully keep gas cards from constantly being misplaced.	2
Wasn't impressed with the color, not a bright gold at all.	2
This stuff is as soft as lipstick, making it impossible to use just a little bit and make a fine line	1
It’s not the miracle I was hoping for it helps a little	2
This stroller is plastic and very cheaply made. I ordered 2 and they both broke within minutes on the first day played with. Would not recommend. Waste of money.	1
it only lasted 3 week rip on the side heel	1
It does not have a mirror. It does however come with a app that does not work.	1
I like the dress very simple, comfortable. I only wish it was a little smaller in the opening of the arm. It shows some of my bra.	2
I bought several and I'm pleased with the way it cleans up my shop. Beware that while the holder is solid, the pegboard mounting tabs are embarrassingly wimpy. Had to drill out some holes to fit larger screwdrivers, but that's not a problem.	2
Purchased this as a gift for my husband who is an avid gardener and also a professional chef. Being a chef, he knows knives and he loves this. He’s very impressed with the quality and functionality. The only unimpressive part is the case that comes with it, but I considered that an “extra” so I’m not knocking off any stars for it.	2
Gives a slight glimmer that only shows when you move into the light. The lip gloss is more gloss than glimmer. There isn't enough glitter per gel for the lip gloss so it just looks like you out on any old lip gloss.	2
Thanks for sending the wrong size when I needed it most.	1
Great sized hammock with durable fabric, but the string attachments connecting the hammock to the base unraveled and broke within 10 days. This product would be awesome if the attachments weren’t weak string.	2
I really liked the story but for a little bored with the narrative style. (The phrase "Yours truly" got old!) It was an entertaining take on the sagas, and I think the author really nailed the Gods from Loki's perspective.	2
Intended as a stocking stuffer this delivery was seen on video being thrown onto my porch. The result was a destroyed box inside and smashed contents.	1
Tongs are not silicon tipped but the company sent me a set of 2 silicon tipped tongs.	2
Poorly written! Very disappointed 😔	1
This system does the job like you'd expect. Downsides are that it is quite expensive because you have to buy new packs, and every time you refill, you throw away the old one so it adds garbage. I bought this and the Oasis system to compare, and the Oasis works just as well but you can refill it with regular water.	2
This is a nice set for the price. I bought it for our guest room. I marked it down one star because the 2 little decorative pillows were squished when they arrived and despite attempts to fluff them up, they look too flat.	2
Not as cute or as big as I thought it would be.	2
These shares went dull very very quick they are okay quality but they're not the best quality they do not last long at all they only could do about three to four haircuts at the most	1
This stuff tastes seriously horrible, I received it today and I hope I can tolerate it to finish the container but I honestly don’t know. It gave me decent energy without any jitters but it definitely doesn’t get me as amped as other products.	1
These were ok. Not as good as other products I have used in the past. No jitters which was nice.	2
it clogged my Kurig with chuncks of something that would not breakdown!!	2
I ordered a shirt size 10 year and was sent an adult 3 XL shirt. So I was unable to use the shirt for the day that I needed it.....highly dissatisfied	1
Right out of the package all the stitching was coming loose, not sewn well at all.	1
Bought it for my almost 12 yr old daughter. She out grew her old scooter. She loves it. She said it was a smoother ride than her old scooter. Con: she wishes the brake worked as good as her old scooter.	2
Works great in epoxy. It has weight so it does settle but it worked fine for my project.	2
I have been giving this product to my two girls since they were two years old. They tolerate it pretty well. However, while the product itself is okay, they package is ridiculously large and over designed. The pills only half fill the bottle. The bottle is packed on an inner liner and put in a sleeve that is boxed in a larger box. When I order two bottles it it like I have bought three pairs of shoes for the size of the overall package! Please start filling the bottles fully if you are worried about breakage and get rid of all the extra materials!	2
Nice y’all pen, but the plastic pieces on the gate area break too easily. Would’ve been 5 stars had that not happened.	2
Good for little feet maybe, but for adult sizes, these are a little flimsy. I can get by with them for now and will use them up, but I would have liked to see the product be thicker and more sturdy to help separate toes for painting.	1
I liked the bag but it wasn't big enough to fit all my stuff.	2
This film has two major flaws: 1) there is a size discrepancy - despite choosing a size that exactly matches my window, the film was about an inch too short and 2) the adhesion is terrible. I purchased a kit to help me install it and I followed the instructions yet the film will not stay put on my window. I just wasted my money...don't waste yours too.	1
This was unwittingly the first "reverse harem" book I picked up out of sheer boredom (I'm pretty sure because there was an ad with a horse on it), and said, "Eh, what the heck, I'll give it try." I was pleasantly surprised that the plot was not half bad, and the characters were even interesting in their own right. Personally, the polyamory was a bit uncomfortable to read for me. I was hoping the main character would just choose one, the wolf-shifter preferably! I have not pursued the rest of the series, despite the compelling plot and characters. If these sort of relationships do not rub you the wrong way, it's not a bad read!	2
Purchased this one specifically because it was for textured dashes. It has not stated applied from day 1. I did end up using gorilla glue to just hold it down.	2
This material wasn't soft at all and that's just a deal breaker for me. The top was also a little weird feeling with the string and how the fabric moved on it.	2
Good, but too short. Only for small bottles.	2
Love it so soothing for pumping and nursing everyday	2
The slowest shipper ever. I ordered One small battery. Haven’t received my item. It’s been 2 weeks. Terrible service.	1
I really liked book 1 but this one not so much I liked how it started after the it was all over the place it was hard to keep up if she was dreaming or these things were happening and the end really sucked.	1
Great ring, wore it occasionally, not daily. Received lots of compliments, but 3 of the stones have already fallen out and I’ve only had it 2 and 1/2 months. Pretty sad because it’s a beautiful ring.	1
From the reviews, I thought they would be a bit loose but they were the opposite. They're snug and comfortable. My fiance doesn't think they're very stylish but with the right jeans, I know I can make them work. I really wanted them for walking and exercise anyways. The bottoms were a bit dirty but the rest looks clean and new. Not sure what's up with that. Overall, I'm satisfied with my purchase.	2
Good product for the price. Doesn’t tip over easily either. If you can afford it, consider buying 2 to have at each end of your pool.	2
Had I known these would have cheaply been printed on photo paper I would never have bought them for my wife. She was irate when she looked at the back and saw they were printed so cheaply on photo paper. She is not happy with the quality	1
The battery lasts way longer than my previous noise cancelling earbuds, but I have two minor issues with it. 1) It is only slightly noise canceling, I'm guessing about 5 Db, and there's no switch for the noise cancelling feature, if the earbuds are turned on, you get noise cancelling, and 2) On an airline, there's no plug to listen to airline movies, since it's only bluetooth. On United, they can play a movie through their App into my iphone, and I could hear it that way. Otherwise you'd have to use the ill-fitting and noisy earbuds that the airline passes out.	2
My husband has a really huge and fat head, and this fit his huge fat head without it being tight. I have a regular large head and it fits me perfect, too. It's warm, it's comfortable, and the face mask has elastic bands on the sides where the buttons are so you could separate the mask from the hat and attach it to your ears instead.	2
I like that it’s remanufactured and still gives the same quality as the regular kind, but it did not last as long as even the original ink, which was one of those partial filled cartridges. These 2 didn’t even make it through 1/2 of a ream of paper (250 pages). Would not buy again, and I can’t recommend.	1
We love this collar, but after less than a year, the fabric loop that holds the tags broke. We lost our tags. We will be contacting the company.	2
Took a while to get it to function but it works very well	2
Works good, I have extended battery. Had to extend the arms with duct tape. Holds great though.	2
Cute socks but very thin material	2
Junk. Not genuine Thirstystone. One stuck to the bottom of my glass, fell off and broke. Junk!	1
I bought these to see how they compared to the Take and Toss cups. I am not a big fan of these. The lids don’t fit all of the cups the same. The spout holes on some seem larger and it has led to lots of leaks. The designs are kind of cute. If it matters to you, there are some that are more gender specific than others (princesses, pink unicorns, dinosaurs) and you can’t pick. I would not buy these again. I would definitely order the Take and Toss brand instead.	2
Amazing fur yarn! Love the color variation and the realistic look of it. Feels just like a bunny but it's ethical! Yes, they are small skeins but the description literally says it's 35 yards. I made a small cowl with it and it turned out wonderfully. It's so fluffy you can't even tell it's crochet. The only reason this is a 4 star review is because the price is wildly high. After using this I fell in love with it and searched around for a different source. Found it for about $2 a skein but the shipping will take a while. What you're really paying for here is convenience and you have to decide if it's worth it to you!	2
This bike like is awesome. The build quality is outstanding. I really like how easy it is to mount. Battery life.....well let's just say is amazing. The external battery pack is a nice touch. The light does have different settings for brightness, blinking, etc. I did verify that it is waterproof after getting caught in a down poor on my bike. I really like this product.	2
It cost as much as crutches and lasted me less than a month.. not strong material	1
The picture quality is poor, and not ok for day time use.	1
While one could argue these do not need to be designed for biting / chewing and discounting that, this is a good double leash coupler. That said, my 1yo Lab puppy destroyed this in a few week's time.	1
Loved this product. Decorations were perfect for a shark theme party. I would definitely recommend.	2
It worked and did what it was supposed to. The first super hot day, I didn’t stink, however... I got a slight chemical burn from it.	2
I dont like it.. the cheap is expensive. Dont buy. No funciona	1
Quick converter. I live in apartment with a deck that has no standard hose hookup. This is great as the deck is just off my kitchen! Also great for watering house plants. It is reversible, so depending on the size of the current faucet head. It does leak a little bit, but I didn't use any plumbers tape as once I am done I switch back to standard head.	2
I like this case - made the mattress look much less of a mess. The quality is pretty good, and it is rather easy to pack the mattress. My mattress is 4" so there is enough room for the pillow and the blanket in the case.	2
I have an iPhone 6s Plus in an Otterbox Defender case (the two layer type), and it fits! It takes a couple of times to figure out the best angle to insert the phone because of its large size, but it definitely fits. It's nice having easy access to my phone while riding.	2
Very good quality. Chose this sign for moderate size and not overly offensive with bright colors. Hopefully will be visible enough to get the point across - if not will possibly have to put a bit of red paint at the corners. Wanted on post, so have to drill center holes instead of using the corner ones already on sign.	2
These are so much fun!! My Little One loves these!!	2
Think i made a mistake by wearing for 7 hours. My cellulite was minimal, after 7hrs. of wearing wrap patch it's terrible. The patches aren't as big as you would think... they are shaped like a big maxi pad with wings. So, the wide measurement is in the middle of wrap. I think wrap may have reduced cellulite, then since i had it on for so long, cellulite was not able to go anywhere.... but, back on my thighs. I should not have listened to the comments of people that said they left on for hours.	2
** Update ** I've received the new lids and these containers are great now that the lids stay on. I use them for lunch and they fit perfectly in my lunch box .. thanks Natalie! :) The lids will not stay on from the very first time I used them. Very disappointed!	2
This series is full of wizards (light and dark), magic and hope, and has a satisfying conclusion, although not a HEA. The characters will still be with you long after you turn the last page. I found myself looking for (and finding) the rest of the story.	2
Didn't to nothing for me except make my wallet lighter	1
Shady packaging, weak steam despite of the dual setting. Gonna return this soon	1
These earrings are really nice. I gave 3 stars because my daughter does not like wearing them because they are heavy, made with real glass.Keep that in mind.	2
They sent the wrong size that I ordered	1
We needed a new artificial tree as our former tree, got tired and died. We have an older home and space is limited where we put our tree up, and this one fits in the corner we use perfectly.	2
We bought 2 of these. The rubbery case is fine though we do not use the holster. However, the included screensaver is worthless.	2
Come broke...besides that super pretty 😞	1
The Laser worked great however the battery did not last long the came with the product. I would suggest getting extra at the time of order. They are much cheaper on Amazon than your local Walmart or Lowes.	2
The indicator shows that water is needed within minutes after filling it. I bought several of these and it’s the case with each. It looks clean but is ineffective as an indicator of when water is needed. Not what I had hoped.	2
I didn't feel anything for any of these characters. This kid does all these things that a reasonable person wouldn't do (as mentioned in the review below me). There's always some slutty girl in these types of movies trying to seduce someone, except this one is not a looker and sounds like a ditz. No one would have stayed in this house for another minute unless you have a mental disorder. I was finally waiting for a twist, too, since I knew this couldn't just be it. Then the twist comes, and you're like wtf? That's it? I feel like this movie could have been done better if it was done by the creators of Black Mirror. I was on a streak of good films on Amazon until I just watched this one. Don't waste your time.	1
It looks beautiful and really changes the appearance of my kitchen but it doesnt stick good and i allways have to stick it back.	1
Good quality product	2
Was not aware I had ordered a used book. It is rather grubby and unappealing. I'll be more careful next time.	1
GREAT FOR THE GRANDSONS	2
These slippers are very soft and cozy! The only problem is that I they run smaller than the size chart indicates and my heel hangs off the back of the slipper. I recommend purchasing a size larger than the size chart suggests.	2
The zipper does not close completely. If the bag is on the car seat next to you or tips over anywhere items fall out. Not a wallet, it is too big, but pens, a pill bottle, anyother smaller item. Other than that the purse is large, is a good cross body bag. I always kept my hand over the zipper compartment so no one could unzip it r try to reach in. the hole is too small for an adult hand, but not a child.	2
While the product is fine, the jar was shipped in a mailing envelope and it leaked all in the bag, which meant I lost a good bit of it. It was too big of a mess for me to want to ship it back. Very disappointed in packaging.	1
Fits good and the material is soft; however, you can see right through them. Unable to wear as expected	1
Our dog still chews his leash.	1
This doesn't come with instructions and still hasnt grown yet..	1
I like it but is too much oily on it.	2
Instructions are not very accurate or easy to follow. Even if you figured it out yourself, the side edges don't stick and comes off once the phone is put into its case. They should have made the edges smaller. Returning mine tomorrow.	1
It worked for two weeks and stopped asked them for help sent the information they asked for and never got the help. So I paid for it to go for one year hopping they would respond but still will not work and they are no help.so I can not tell anyone one to buy it because it doesn't work and is a waste of money. Sorry if the truth hurts but it is what it is.	1
Looks good, but one of the sock is defective and I don’t want to go through the hassle of return because of this.	2
I returned this product because it didn't seem very accurate. I didn't compare directly with the doctors BP monitor but took my BP within 20 minutes of going to the doctor and it was about 20 points lower on both measurements every time. I need to be confident that it is accurate due to health problems. So I returned product and bought a different one that shows within about 5 points of the doctor's readings. May be better for someone who only needs a general reading.	1
Not an exciting purchase, but these stainless hoses are priced right. Better quality (and safer) than rubber.	2
horrible. i basically payed $30 for a box and some glue. the pads didn’t adhere, the glue sucked, and nothing in general worked. i thought it had been my lack of experience, but i tried multiple times following the instructions word by word and nothing happened except for watering eyes.	1
Smaller than I thought but still really nice	2
The material is OK, For a shower curtain it's very strong, so is the odor which is not OK.	1
Ordered a full size and was too small for my bed barely covered my mattress	1
A couple of the frames had black scratch marks on them. Otherwise, got what I expected.	2
Cheap, not only on price but quality. 5 leaked fuel immediately (from the bottom of the fuel container), 4 burned out within 10 minutes, even though the wick was saturated with fuel. Only 3 burned more than an hour. I had them out for ambiance for a big party. What a disappointment.	1
cheap and breaks easy	1
Smaller than appeared	2
I had no idea why my husband purchased this, until he came home with a VCR from Goodwill...He decided he was going to get rid of the final VHS tapes in our collection and realized we didn't have a VHS any more - and he had no way to connect one. Well, it works! And, he's happy. And, there's one less box in my house! Everyone wins!	2
I would return if I could but it’s too late. It’s horrible and wasted my money.	1
I bought this for my 2 year old and she absolutely loves it! The stainless steel makes it a realistic-looking tea set and is great for imaginative play. She sits at her table and chairs and has a tea party. The cost is very reasonable compared to the quality! Very happy with this purchase!	2
Very nice!! Hold up great!!!	2
My daughter liked this set.	2
Deceptive advertising. Will not mount 200 x 200 except on concrete wall, despite advertising that implies it will fit anything above 100 x 100. Wasting our time.	2
The bag looks good but it is hard to place your pet into the bag because the sides collapse (material is floppy and not firm enough). The bag is for a pet at least 8-10 lbs. My maltese is 5 pounds and the bag is too big — should manufacture in small, medium or large.	1
It didn't do anything!	1
I really liked this bra, it fit great which many of don't, but after owning it for less than two months it's already broken. There is a hook on the strap that attaches to the back and it broke off. The hook allows the straps to be warn criss-cross if you want - which I never did - but the down side is the hook easily bent, would hook onto shirts I wore, and then the strap would come off. Many times I would have to bend the hook back in shape in order for the strap to stay attached. This morning the hook finally broke. It's such a bummer to finally find a sports bra that fits and seems to be supportive enough to be able to run in it only to have it break in less than two months.	1
These boots are too narrow, even though I ordered them in a wide size. If they fit correctly, they are a good value. They are warm and look nice.	2
It's lightweight, but a little larger in diameter than I expected. Doesn't work well in my water bottle holder on my bike, which is why I bought it. Return shipping was half the cost of the bottle, so it wasn't worth returning. There are better options available. Keep looking.	1
I used 3 batteries over 2 weeks. Keyboard works 85% of time. Dead the rest. Mouse is fine. Not worth packing for return - and I hope it gets better. I have a "reserve" corded keyboard - so I make a quick substitution. it worked fine the first week............................. RY	2
This did not come with installation instructions, but did include 3 different wipes and some positioning stickers. I thought I'd applied it well, but a week later, it just fell off my phone. Disappointed because it had such high reviews.	1
It doesn't work for my stubborn little dog but it has helped with my bigger dog. The only thing I don't like is sometimes I talk next to it and it goes off.	2
The best earl grey I've ever had - its the only one i'll drink now !!	2
I have used it to improve my echo dot sound in it works fine. I like the design and how in seats on top of my drawer, the sound quality is not perfect but good enough considering the price, hey, I didn't purchase a bose! honestly I was happier if the sound volume could be higher but it's sufficient for the room that I'm using this speaker in it. Overall worth the price.	2
Havnt been able to get it in my friend has worked on it twice. Have all attachments n bought the adaptor for my vehicle hoping it will b in and working soon still not working not happy with this product	1
Plastic . Very cheaply made.	1
Citronella oil was recommended by a camping group I'm in to keep the mosquitoes away. However, it seemed as if they were attracted to this stuff. It certainly didn't repel anything. I moved on and found a lemon/eucalyptus oil repellent that actually works really well.	1
Excellent finish, if it would have had a new battery, would have given 5 stars	2
1 Star doesn’t do this justice. It should be 0 Star because I received this item with the handle broken into 3 pieces. The cup wasn’t cushioned and protected well. It was wrapped by a thin piece of bubble wrap	1
It’s working well for me so far. Clean-looking and easy-to-carry. The wire that comes with the battery bank is pretty short tho.	2
Don’t buy this horseradish if you want something hot it’s not even close to being hot	1
Received the complete wrong item. This is a set of 6 different essential oils and I only received one bigger bottle a shown in the picture I attached.	1
Not impressed with this seat. One thing I don't see mentioned much is, it's very hard to tighten the straps! It also squeaks when the child is not in the seat and that's very annoying. Otherwise quality is nice, but I'm ready to throw it out the window when I have to pull so hard to tighten the straps. If my son has anything more than a T-shirt on its nearly impossible.	2
Within a few weeks of use the cable stopped functioning properly and the entire unit broke within 2 months of regular use	1
This pomade is pretty awesome. Always gets every single hair to slick back.	2
Good for music, but BAD for calls and audio msgs 👎🏼	1
This set of headphones is garbage. I would not recommend these one bit. I can hear everything around me more than I can hear the game. Wish I wouldn’t have bought them	1
Strong plastic smell. But very cute. Niece loves it	2
does the job as expected, the quality is great chrome was a little heavy was tight on the first few plugs but loosened up with wear.	2
Pants were comfortable, but the pockets were very shallow and one was ripped at the seam. I had to sew	2
I couldn't record or put anything on it	1
I will say this does Help with stiffness and pain. I do not like mixing and gulping it down, but it helps enough to stick with the regime. . I mix it in a shot of orange juice.	2
Didn’t stick well to my case.	1
Movie was a bit lame. My daughter never made it beyond 15-20 mins.	1
Love the cleanser, but why would I pay $10 more than I paid just 3 months ago? And at that time the price had also risen from the last time I purchased, and the bottle size was taller BUT with a significantly smaller amount. I have been buying this for over 6 years. I actually just started looking around for something new because I refuse to pay $37 for face wash. Hello?	2
It says that they are the new 11.5 oz bottles but I received the old 11 oz ones	1
These make decent Surface Pen replacements. They aren't as heavy duty as the original surface pens, but they do the job.	2
Poor quality! The case does not completely shut.	1
Smaller than I expected it to be	1
Product came broken, plastic fuse holder was split.	1
Woof woof. Works great And better quality than. Pedi paws.	2
Very colorful and nice quality ,stretch well but didn't wash well at all. After wash string started breaking and headband started loosing shape.	2
The mice/rats totally evaded the trap and to add insult to injury “they” somehow managed to eat the peanut butter in the receptacle in the middle of the trap. So I’m sorry to say no stars.	1
Cute but the air is not that strong, however you get your money a worth	2
The larger dinos are nice but the smaller are little smaller than expected but overall happy. Tray approx 4in x 6 in smaller dinos	2
Product was still very snug even after I ordered two sizes up. The pocket was also on the side of the shirt and looks ridiculous.	1
Amazon prime service has gone down the tube! Why am I paying for two day delivery that takes four and five days to come? As a long time prime member I am rethinking my memberships...all of them!	1
The battery died will not change	1
Great Performance and Value for a rechargable CR123A battery!!	2
when we recieved this product it was hard as a brick and still trying to break it up. Very disappointed.	1
Snug but really comfortable. They don’t offer a real ankle brace which is what I hoped for. Good compression	2
Seems to be doing the trick for my 80lb GSD. =)	2
Followed the instructions exactly, cleaned the screen and back cover as instructed, used the blue cloth. Product did not even pretend to stick to either surface. Do not purchase this product.	1
False advertising Picture showed plants not seeds	1
Hello . We just received the wishbone . Sadly my dog which is a boxer mix literally had it for 5 minutes and its falling apart. I thought it was for an aggressive chewer but I may have clicked and ordered the wrong one :( he has bitten right through the handle . It seemed durable once I opened the package but didnt last long for this breed:(	1
We were surprised how much we liked them. Nice fit, easy to put on, looks great.	2
Love this little bag. It's a good size. Larger than my other crossbody bag I replaced with this, but holds a good amount and it's cute! For the price, I would definitely recommend! It also looks like real leather, but isn't, so I'm very happy with my purchase.	2
Great movie based on a true story. I love it.	2
I purchased this as a gift so I cannot say anything about the operation, but the one I received you could tell had been removed from its package so it was most likely used. Because of the timelines to ship it to destination I checked to ensure it charged and shipped it out. Hopefully it works. I did contact the selling company and ey would have replaced it, however I needed to get it mailed. Keeping my fingers crossed that it works correctly when they open it.	2
This headphone has good sound quality and good connection with the wire. It also fits tightly on the head, which blocks a lot of noise and makes the headphone secure. However, sometimes I feel it fits too tight.	2
I ordered two, as I have two cats. My friends have one and it's great. One arrived discolored (not a huge deal, still usable) and the other arrived broken. Unfortunately, I didn't notice the broken one until I assembled it for use as the crack wasn't noticeable when it arrived.	1
I opened it up on 25 and try to fly it and one of the motor stop working need to talk with someone	1
Very thin fabric and not worth the money	1
I was kind of disappointed because the color was more violet/pink than the red in the picture, but I still thought it would be cool to try out. I noticed that it takes a lot of time to evenly spread the product throughout your hair, and it caused my hair to become tangled and frizzy. Because I have dark brown hair, I had to put several layers of product on, and even after brushing it out, my hair was very stiff and uncomfortable. I feel like this looks cool for pictures or from a distance, but in reality it is stiff and uncomfortable to wear in public. I’m giving it 3 stars because the color actually came out vibrant through my dark hair, but again it was stiff and thick feeling. Also one thing that really bothered me was that it easily rubs off on your skin and clothes and never fully dries! It left pinkish stains all over the back of my neck and shirt. I feel like this was a good invention, but needs some improvement.	2
Loose in a plastic bag.	1
This key chain is so cute. My daughter attached it to her purse.	2
Bought for my niece for her birthday and she loves it!	2
The part that is the toe divider rubbed badly between my toes, uncomfortable	1
Works well and the dual pump action makes a difference. Half as many pumps to fill up my son's collection of basketball, football and other inflatable yard toys.	2
Outstanding, and very creative. Shivers!	2
Fits very tight on my 6 month old boys. Leaves red mark on their heads. So I try to wash their hair and rinse asap and take it off. On a positive note, it doesn’t leak.	1
I previously tried to give this product 3 stars because they kept falling out of my ears, but now they are giving me even more serious issues. Sometimes when I wear them, they literally will start shocking my ears, like when you touch something and get a shock because of static electricity. When this happens, they continuously shock my ears while I wear them and it kind of hurts, and also somehow they will turn the volume all the way up without me pressing any of the volume buttons on the ear phones or my phone. It's so weird. So I'll be walking around getting my ears shocked, and having to constantly turn the volume back down. I'm honestly a little afraid that they will explode or something... I don't know wtf is wrong with them. They don't do it all the time, but maybe 30% of the time I use these earphones I have this issue. Don't buy them.	1
The two cables just destroyed not a month. I know the first orders was good but the may one just destroyed using in a month. Please am ordering another one i need a quality one.	1
Just what I was looking for in a case! Offers great protection, has pockets for cards/important papers, and a loop to put my pencil when it doesn’t need to be charged or will drain my battery. The only thing I wish this had was a swivel stand so when I’m using an app that doesn’t support landscape mode, I can still use the stand. Other than that, it’s a really nice case.	2
no suprises really, and multiple spelling errors. Good enough to finish, but easy enough to walk away from too. Glad it was a free book.	2
The charge controller worked less than a month before it started malfunctioning. Started by overcharging my batteries and now it’s not functioning at all. Tried messaging the seller but they will not respond.	1
SUCKS! I cleaned the area very well before installing. Part of the sticky part on them wasn’t even covered when I got them so stickiness had slightly wore off. My driver door visor fell off within a week of putting them on. Definitely wouldn’t buy again.	1
Great product. I just wish the package was a bit bigger for the price.	2
It's not as golden as what I buy at the Health Food store. I thought it would be a lighter shade. Is it marked wrong? I'm sure it will be fine anyway.	2
After using this headset for the past few days I can say that I really tried to like it. Unfortunately it just does not fit larger ears well. I was able to turn the ear hook away from my ear and switch to another ear tip to get decent sound from it. The fit was not going to work for me. Overall it is well constructed and packed in a great hard case. It includes a good selection of ear tip replacements. Charging was a breeze and pairing went without much effort. I would definitely recommend this Bluetooth earpiece for the sound but be aware that it might not fit all ears.	2
Love these lunch bags. They have saved hundreds of plastic bags from the landfill. They last forever (only buying more because we've lost them). I dislike cleaning them, but they are easy to clean because they stay open well during scrubbing. Highly recommend.	2
They should have written down what the material the blade is used for. Cutting wood or metal	1
I have used a lot of vinyl. This was terrible to weed and easily tore. We will not be purchasing this brand again.	2
Easy to assemble. Looks good. But wheels doesn’t last long. Got it for my 7 yr old and after 3 months of usage, wheels are stucked. You get what you paid for	1
The necklaces arrived unassembled and required a jump ring (not provided) to attach the charm to the necklace. I bought these for my daughter’s birthday party. Luckily I design jewelry and happened to have jump rings and tools handy so that I could add them. Otherwise these would have been a complete waste.	1
Did not like at all. Very dissapointed with product.	1
Ordered this product in preparation for spring yard work and a rainy stretch of days prevented me from setting this up until just after the 30 day return period. Wish I had tried it out sooner because the product is defective - won't turn on. I'm unable to return and out almost $50 dollars.	1
Love these. Got a medium and I'm 5'3 and 130 pounds.	2
Styling is beautiful but the magnetic closure is not strong enough.	1
we love this coffee maker. it doesn't have a glass carafe so nothing to break. You make the coffee like you normally would, but use your cup underneath to get the coffee out. I'ts cleaner and more convenient than a regular coffee maker.	2
I am a mechanic and they great working on wiring connectors	2
Don’t know that this is	1
I’m just going to buy in the store from now on. The box was smashed when I got it and the sheets were spilling out of it.	2
This item is mislabeled!! While the price is good I just spent 40 bucks on a product I cannot use. Freaking sucks. Fix the label.	1
A total mess to put together. The instructions are worthless. The base is small and rounded, and thus wobbly. The included screws are cheap and the included spanner is cheap and difficult to operate. The plastic tray is flimsy and will probably give up in a few months. The rack has to be weighed down, or else it slides all over a countertop. This could have been much better designed with minimum tweaks, but looks like they went with the first idea that they came up with.	1
My son was so excited to finish his Arduino project. But 5 of these were jittery and didn't work. So we returned them.	1
Fully charged 2x after receiving - turns on for a second, immediately shuts off. No watertight casing received either per the description. Buyer beware. Certified not-worth-it. No one checked it before taking my money and shipping it.	1
Player works well. No complaints.	2
I bought two more of these at the price they are out there being discontinued by Chauvet which is sad. I now have four of them and I use them for our band has backlighting and to dj with	2
Very disappointed with the packaging, the wine glass is a birthday gift for my best friend and its very fragile, they did not put a single bubble wrap in the box to protect it.	1
I am not exactly sure why but this filter will not work with our machine. I tried on a second machine to verify and that one doesn't turn on either. I then tried a filter from a different brand and the machines turn on. We have 5 air purifiers in our house, so I am buying filters often. Unfortunately we are outside the return window. Don't buy.	1
It is certainly better than no remote. The only negative I've found is that it is constantly very easy to hold the remote in the opposite direction because of it having the same feel on the hand. So if you are changing the volume or channel without looking where the remote is facing, you may be pressing the opposite of what you intended to press.	2
All Bulk Supplements are excellent, this one is no exception. The only thing is, I wish that they would improve their packaging. That being said, this is the only way I buy supplements.	2
This screen protector won’t nearly fit. As you can see. Reviews and photos show it fitting the exact radio I have. Clearly I got sent the wrong one.	1
I used this on a cabinet I was restoring. It receives many compliments!	2
Cheap plastic - product works well enough for the 18 month old I purchased it for, however I bought purple and I got pink. Will not buy from this seller again.	2
Box was delivered to door in the Instapot box So wife opened door and figured out one of her gifts.. That was a real Bummer :(	1
Decent clock movements for the price. They work good for turning things into clocks. I'm happy with my purchase.	2
The screen protector kit I received was in total disarray. The screen protectors were out of their protective shields with no adhesive to attach them to the camera. The wiping clothes when opened were totally dried out, no instructions include, ect. Bad experience, not recommended.	1
It has a light and it has a fan. However the fan has to be about 6 inches from your body to feel it. And that’s when it’s completely charged up. Great price but would have preferred something a little more powerful.	1
I didn't feel any difference	2
Got this my 85 year old mother who has macular degeneration. She is able to read her books and daily paper as well as resumed her embroidery. Highly recommend.	2
Disappointed that once I received the CD, I only liked five songs.	1
Not very comfortable. Ran big. My opinion is that the shoe is cut short so even with a heel stay, there isn't enough of a heel back to make it work. Very pretty light pink but very stiff shoe. Looks great but not much for comfort or movement.	2
Love the actual product itself. What I don’t like is the bottle. You can’t squeeze the contents out. As for the wash and conditioner it’s the best product on the market at an unbeatable price	2
Not a great layering piece, as it's too blousy and the sleeves don't lay flat.	2
Very nice quality for the price.	2
I got to use this once. To get the sprinkler to work you have put the water on full blast, and once it starts, you have to turn the pressure down. Well in my second attempt to get the pressure right, the plastic ripped apart. Very disappointed.	1
wear this with the hanes sweat pants other wise you look stupid, the sweat pants with this looks hella dope.	2
Ordered it. Waited for it. Never got it. Not impressed.	1
It is attractive, but does not hold a block of butter, as I had hoped.	2
Love the color and this was on my back patio with the lights off . My kids think its very pretty.	2
I would not buy it again. I actually used it only once, because it does not stay on the lashes, it is not resistant to sweat, humidity, weather conditions, it smudges, and I had black shades under my eyes and people asked me if I cried or if I had allergy - that never happened to me with any other mascara and I like to try different brands, so this one is a big no to me. It went to the trash can straight away.	1
Never arrived. I had to request a refund.	1
Seat is very easy to assemble and use. Adjustments are easy and well marked.	2
This was a Christmas gift and thankful I received it before the delivery date.	2
Awesome wallet! Nice and thin, lots of slots for credits and center slot just for money. I even ordered spares, just Incase it doesn’t last for more than a year.	2
Hard to get to go all the way down on a CRV back door. it’s also harder to check the blind spot when driving. However it provides the best sunblock for my baby with full coverage.	2
Tip broke after 2 uses	1
The lace in the razor back is very poor quality, it starts falling apart after only a couple washings....this product cannot be dried	2
I really like this ice tray. Easy release. I may be ordering 4 more.	2
I bought this lamp in November 2017 and I liked it a lot, however it is now April 2018, only 6 months later, and the lamp has just stoped working entirely for no reason. I've changed bulbs and outlets to no avail. Very disappointed that I wasted $20 on a 6 month lamp that will now just end up in the trash...	1
Nice tent, but did I miss something with the fact the tent doesn’t come with everything you need for the tent to use . Must buy additional truss to hold tent up. Went out tonight for my 6 year old to camp in back yard and discovered there is no frame ! 😂😂😂	2
Too tight fitting at the top of the tube.	1
The pillows do have substance to them, but are not as soft as I would like. Maybe it is personal preference, but I like a pillow where my head sinks down into it while still offering support. The king size pillows are quite large.	2
I love this necklace so much!!! Recommend it 10/10 I wear it everyday and barely take it off. Its very light weigh and perfect for every occasion :)	2
Needed this for a Raspberry Pi 3 B+. Power hungry. Works as described, no longer getting "under voltage" issues.	2
too strong of a flavor was expecting a more smooth/subtle taste	1
cute case! my computer has a case on it as well and fits great right inside!	2
It was small for my face	1
This product is very nice. Very easy to use. Comes out very pretty. I use it for nail art. Gonna have to order more!!!	2
This shoe literally fell apart on the 4th day my son wore them to school. I'm so disappointed as we had the same brand that last over a year.	1
My first and only cut was an English cucumber. The product does what it says but because it is not as sharp as you would expect your vegetables are not as easy to cut. Also, I guess I should have paid more closely to the dimensions because it is also very small. I am not returning it because it is not worth the effort but will buy one that is longer.	2
Nice product but $$$$$	2
Shows 12 degrees warmer than it is. Not worth the effort to return.	1
It when he hold charge for a good hour	1
bought for my dad. soles can be slick for him with a walker. he roughed them up with sandpaper	2
the jacket is super comfy but the sleeves run too short	2
Romper is adorable, but material is a bit thin! Perfect for a beach day.	2
It was much smaller than I expected, I have many invicta watches same style, and this one size is a disappointing. Other than that , its a very good watch, pops pretty well for being a normal size watch. Ps. Don't pay for 2 day shipping, took 4 days to arrive, wasted about 9 bucks!!	2
Lowest price of a split top sheet for a sleep number flex king bed. Sheets are nice. Have washed them twice with no issues. It’s really well but excess fabric happens after a few days from stretching it out. They are thick, could be softer but they are not bad.	2
Almost all ok, but it can't change the sound of notification or calling and I can't find where to put the memory SD	2
It’s a mild flavor and the health benefits are a plus!!!	2
Did not work. I'm sending this back I read great reviews when I got it I was happy because it's so light. However the product itself blows absolutely no leaves.	1
waterproof is a lie. hold a 2 day charge. only good for short time use	2
Looks nice but not very solid and seems like the pump part would break easily. It’s in a bathroom that gets lots of use, so I hope I wrong and it can last a while.	2
works just as expected.	2
Looks ok considering the price. Started out so pretty, after less than a week of daily wearing, the metal turned copper color. Not enjoyable to wear. Save up your dollar bills for a nicer ring.	1
Little to no change after 4weeks	1
Did not like the quality. Fabric was to thin.	1
Maybe ordered to small size, but felt like it ran small. Ordered specific size, received a “Medium”, very vague. Did not reorder new size as they were so vague. Returned with ease and received refund...thus the 4 stars.	2
this cushion was recommended by my pt. wish the covering fit it better. it offers excellent spinal support and is comfortable to sit in.	2
BioFreeze is the best roll on for taking the edge off my arthritic pain and or muscle ache.	2
I just tried to use it and it doesn't fit! Way too big and I wasn't even able to turn on vacuum. I want to return.	1
Wish it was l lil material was a little thicker but that's my fault for not reading the label.	2
I just didn’t care one bit about the main characters or the world they lived on. I skipped from chapter 15 to 36 to see how it ended and even than I was skipping through at high speed.	2
Would give 0 stars if I could. Chainsaw seems cheaply made, even for an occasional user. (Been using chainsaws for over 20 years) Spent 3 days trying to get this chainsaw to startup. Never started once. Tried all the tricks I read online. Save your time. Spend a few extra bucks on a better quality chainsaw.	1
I got this to replace a brace that I got from an orthopedic surgeon that is fraying from use. I had high hopes from the reviews. My problem with this one is the one size fits all doesn't work for me. I just can't seem to get it snug enough without a lot of effort. This morning when I woke up it had slid toward my fingers. I wish I had chosen a different brace. It's not like I can just turn around and buy a different one on my budget. I would not recommend this to anyone with a size small wrist,	1
I really like this pop but had no protection . Also has very minor damage .	2
I purchased this cologne for my baby girl that’s months old. This is a new scent that I was trying due to the stores not having the mild cologne in stores. I like it but it’s a bit strong compared to the Johnsons mild baby cologne. Good scent overall just strong for a baby.	2
I will be sending this item back. I bought the 2XL after reading reviews and the cups on the top are smaller than a training bra and I can’t get the top to clasps at all. I’m a 36 C and there is absolutely no way this would fit.	1
Do not use. Older cat whent nutty and kittens had a bad reaction. Made all the fleas go crazy and bite and only one flea died. DO NOT USE.	1
I cannot say enough about this item. When I stumbled upon it I couldn’t believe I hadn’t had one yet. Kept the coffee hot for a hella long time. Presses the grounds perfect and the silicon cover is great too. I totally recommend buying this if you are looking for one!!	2
Nice the product has a good grip handle. As I have hand pain. Makes grip non painful.	2
Two sizes too large.	2
Loved the design and the glow in the dark feature for night time vitals. Unfortunately, it does not glow in the dark..not even the hands. Also, I clipped it to my scrub pocket and it fell off several times throughout my shift. Disappointed.	1
kids liked them for a day and they never picked them up after that	2
Our 17 year old "kitten" has very thick hair. We need to keep an area "open" for a medical procedure. This clipper works amazingly. It is very quiet! (Unless you need to use one of the guides, then it's not quiet so quiet.) So happy with this purchase, it has saved us a lot of money and works like a charm.	2
Came with holes in it :( super sad cause other than that it was perfect.	1
Awesome sheets! I have been experimenting with different ones and these are amazing. They are really soft and they don't stretch out after sleeping on them. Highly recommend!	2
These bars have no taste! I thought I had lost my mind, but no...it’s the bars. I love the lemon cake flavor and thought that key lime would be delicious. Alas, I was wrong.	1
Product stopped working after 3 months.	1
Sadly this is way smaller then I thought the reason why I wanted it is because of the picture I thought it would be a lot bigger I’m really disappointed with it I paid to much for this size	1
Extremely firm to sit on. It’s not a plush sofa at all. Easy to put together	2
It works great have no issues at all and very easy to install	2
A little bit of halo effect, but was able to reposition and eliminate most of it. Cleaning materials are lower quality than some protectors I’ve used in the past. Instructions are a funny translation from another language. Worst part is this protector is really thick. Maybe that’s normal for tempered glass, this is my first non-film protector, but the sizing isn’t quite correct and one side of my screen shows a rainbow, refraction seam. This is not a halo, but because the size of the protector doesn’t exactly align to my iPhone 8. I know it is supposed to go on just the flat part, but it is simply too narrow to get the entire lcd, even when positioned perfectly. Rainbow edge is super irritating.	1
After one month came apart	1
I had a hard time getting into this book at the beginning but about half way through it picked up. I really enjoyed the characters and the story line. It was a good shifter romance with a bit of a mystery, suspense and drama thrown in. Well worth the read and very entertaining.	2
I used this my entire pregnancy. It great. My only issue with that the pillow cases and pillow ripped easily. Stuffing was everywhere by the end of the pregnancy. Inexpensive but worth it for the money for me.	2
These headphones did not work well at all. Too much static while trying to listen to the radio.	1
Bike came 97% assembled and was packed very well. It was very easy to unpack and fold to ready position. Just had to attach one pedal , tighten some bolts and your done. Bike was moderately heavy but felt sturdy. The only problem I had with the bike was the back brake. It wouldn’t adjust correctly and was rubbing against the rim. I took it to a bike shop and was told that the back brake spring was bent and needed to be changed. Unfortunately I was not happy and returned the bike.	2
Buddy loves his bed. He just goes right to every night!!	2
It was never delivered	1
THE PRODUCTS WERE VERY SMALL IN SIZE. THEY WERE NOT OF VERY MUCH INTEREST AS FAR AS MAKE UP. I WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN	1
Some meh at tight for medium size. I shouldn’t order the large one	2
Ver pretty, just as pictured, but a bit too large for my taste.	2
A little snug around your foot, they do not have wide sizes. But overall okay, I can wear them.	2
These worked fine for my sons Spider-Man birthday party. They were a little big for my 3 year old but we just tied the back. After I purchased them I saw the same ones at Wal-Mart for $4 less... my bad I guess. Check your local Wal-Mart before purchasing because you may find them for under $3!	2
These were exactly what was expected and were a great alternative to buying text books. The process to buy and return was easy.	2
The pice that fits in the cup holder doesn’t extend out enough. So it is loose! I love how sturdy the product is. Just wish it would fit a cup holder	1
Works ok but seems to require more coffee to make the same strength of coffee compared to a French press. Somewhat hard to clean	1
I use mine for my coin collection, no plastic smell like other containers, inside cushion is perforated so you can customize cushion to fit your item(s)	2
I bought both the black and grey versions in size medium. I imagined that might be snug but not uncomfortable (postpartum tummy). I’m am losing weight and didn’t want to chance the large being too big in a few months. However the black fit as expected while the grey is tighter. I’m keeping both as I do think I can wear the grey, I’ll just have to wear tops to camouflage the muffin top it creates. I am 5’ 2” and they both go to just below my knee and they fall from the waist nicely with good draping. For the price, these skirts are a good deal depending on what you need (and if the sizing works). I needed basic neutrals in a fabric suitable for work. The fabric isn’t super great, but it’s comfortable and seems durable. Jersey knit skirts are great but they often don’t pair well with a blouse in dressier fabrics. I also needed skirts at or just below the knee so I could comfortably wear them to work. I can mix and match enough tops with these to be able to get a lot of wear out of them without tights and still look professional/business casual. But I can also wear these in the cooler months with tights and/or knee boots. Without tights I can wear a dressier shoe like a kitten heel or wedge. But I can also wear less dressy sandals. I hope this review is helpful.	2
Every thing fine.GRAND KIDS love them..	2
I think this is one of the best deals out there. Both these ships are really well designed and the mini figures are top of the line! Getting Kylo in a set this inexpensive was a huge bonus!	2
Love this dress/blouse it is very comfortable. The only thing I would like is for the fabric to not wrinkle as much so easily. However very soft and comfortable.	2
Some fall out but color are good	2
One of the knobs would not allow the screw to go all the way in, therefore leaving that side of handle a little loose. I tried a few different screws and problem still existed.	2
I have medium sized hands (I always use medium gloves) and these oven mitts are a very tight fit, even a little uncomfortable. Otherwise they are fine and look good.	2
Looks great, feels great, color is as pictures but I washed it for the first time and it ripped at the seam in 2 places. I washed it on delicate and dried it on extra low and this was the result. The threads are already coming out as well that makes the pattern. Wouldn’t recommend, especially for the price.	2
I’m struggling with the dispenser on this unit. I’ve had it for a couple of weeks now and have really liked it. The past few days, however, the coffee is coming out all over the place instead of in a stream. I cleaned it well today and we’ll see what happens. If it needs to be cleaned that often tho, it will probably be a deal breaker for me. It does make a very tasty cup of coffee, has convenient and easy to use settings, and keeps the coffee warm. but not burned, for up to 4 hours. The transfer of water to the reservoir is a bit messy.	2
I wear this around my waist. Around my neck is heavy.	1
Very pretty little hand mirror! Looks exactly as pictured and arrived in perfect condition.	2
It is a nice jacket. It is kind of tight under the armpit area, however. I am very average to almost slender, so if you have a muscular upper body, I would think this would be uncomfortably tight. I gave it 4 stars because I can wear it, and it is a good jacket otherwise.	2
I'm very disappointed in this item. I bought it as it's the vitamin E a friend recommended. Sadly, when it arrived, it lists wheat in the ingredients and I have a gluten allergy so I can't use it. I tried to return it, but it states that it is ineligible for returns.	1
The hair out of the pack is very soft & silky. Hair has a slight smell to it (hopefully it will wash out). The bundle are very thin. Im going to buy a scale because there is no way these bundles are 100 grams. I will be updating after wash then another after install! Update: I was able to wear this hair from mid July to early September. The photos show the hair from initial install to last week on use in order. Hair comes back to life after each wash but starts to get more and more tangles. The hair sheds like crazy the hair wasn't as full as I like but was well worth the price. I will buy again	2
Work as intended. But, you actually have to work at using them.	2
Bagged ripped after the first use holding a Chicco car seat and being gate checked. It does help protect from overall wear/dirt, but don't expect a reliable barrier or complete rain protection.	1
I received the product and the "screen protector was cracked, the wet wipe was disturbingly dry. The case looks like it was the inner shell of a 2 set case and offer little to no protection.	1
Excellent sub to mate with floor powered speakers.	2
This is really small, like fits in the palm of your hand, doesn’t move on it’s own	1
looks cheap. feels ok. my guess is it will not last long	2
Fabric is nice. Colors are pretty. Love the picture of sea turtle. Didn't like the face sewn into the pillow seam	2
I may not have a clue and I may not have style, but everything I lack well I make up in denial. Good shit, I bought it cuz I like Dexter Holland, but I'd buy again cause of flavor.	2
The pallet itself is beautiful...but I'm really disappointed because it came in broken.....soooo sad	1
Did not receive ordered item - I got a dolphin...?	1
This was amazing at first but started to burn my fingers after the 10th or 11th use. Not sure if it was me or the product but had to stop using it.	1
I was nervous to purchase due to some negative reviews. But honestly would purchase a million times over! Actually, I did I purchased a lot as stocking stuffers for my entire family and it works. I have the 7plus and was worried it wouldn't hold but it holds just great. No complaints!	2
Stitching came apart first wear on the sleeve, just great.	1
This smells significantly stronger than the green dawn we usually use, and just smelling my hands after using it triggered an asthma attack in my wife and she needed to take her inhaler. She has no trouble with regular green dawn. Whatever they used for a fragrance in this product smells terrible, is highly irritating, and they put way too much of it in for a product that is marketed as having "no dies or strong perfumes".	1
I can't recommend this product because the plastic around the metal hinge piece broke off after opening and closing the board once. Very disappointing. I will say that I replaced this inexpensive set with the solid bamboo board made by the same company, and I could not be happier with it. I was going for portability here, but the plastic, though light, was simply not sturdy enough.	1
Cool designs but very slippery cases	2
I Ordered two for two separate phones one is OK the other battery died in a one week	1
Fits well and very sexy	2
Wasn’t rolled properly and does not lay flat, other then that it’s not bad. You get what you pay for.	1
It does nothing, unfortunately it was so crappy that we even forgot about it after a day and failed to return it. On the plus side it is small as advertised and good for travelling...... if it worked....... Oh well Save your money dont buy this POS	1
Extremely thin and sleeves were very short	1
They do what they're supposed to. Easy to put on a thermometer, and packed nicely in the box. I haven't had any trouble with them	2
It broke 2 years after the purchase. The manual says 3 year warranty. When I called Customer Service, they informed me that I had to ship it to the Arizona office for them to evaluate and, if approved, they will ship it back fixed or a new one. I would have to pay all the shipping, what would have brought it to the price of a new one. We'll never buy this product again. It does't charge after a while.	1
Super cute, fit great... but not low rise. These are mid-rise jeans for me, which I don't like. Loved everything else about them though. True to size.	2
Not great quality. Good for a one time use.	1
Easy and comfortable to wear, once you figure out how to get in. The mask only has a front side, held to the head with straps. And the eyes on the mask are see through somehow. Easy enough to see where I am as long as it is bright enough (it doesn't take much). Overall, a good value and looks pretty good.	2
The product was great and as pictured. I had gotten this to give as a gift but they had silver not rose gold for their watch. I tried multiple times to contact the seller for a return or exchange and have never received a response from them.	1
Arrived broken out of box.	1
This filter is good at making my hair softer - getting rid of the mineral buildup from my spring.	2
Backing arrived cracked but we didn’t have enough time to return so we cut new wood ourselves to fix it.	1
I loved it when I first got it. Then after letting the zombie run for an hour inside, the sound completely stopped working. I checked and all the wires are in place still. I even changed the batteries with a brand new pack, and the sound is STILL not working! I am still trying to get ahold of the seller!	1
Will not order to this seller again!! worst pattern!! there are white spots on the canvas.... there are no symbol on some of the canvas...the hand was covered by drill symbols	1
It doesn't fit even though it supposed to. I had to return it.	1
I've been using this for years. I put it on every morning just before my socks and shoes. It works well temporarily but doesn't help my heels long term. It's really the only thing that helps though. I have tried tons of foot creams and this works the best.	2
These socks are soft and nice -- so far after a couple of washings, they seem to wear well. But they don't look like the photo -- they only go about 1.5 inches above the ankle -- and they are NOT wool. Nevertheless, for the price they're a decent buy.	2
Calm and silly. You can't just waltz into a Amish community. It takes years to prove yourself. TRUST has to be earned . YOU DON'T FALL IN LOVE 15 minutes after showing up. And declare you love...SILLY	1
Arrived early, made well and I was impressed by each piece were individually packaged!	2
These are the white bulbs you are looking for. They do have polarity and only fit one way.	2
Little hard to see ..dark screen	2
This is very comfortable on my eyes and completely dark. Velcro does snag hair sometimes.	2
A few of these arrived broken and scratched. For the price I am not going to request a return or refund. Just glad I ordered extras. They work great in the slat wall we installed.	2
Bought 2 of these. One didn't come with the remote but Amazon handled that quickly and sent out a replacement and I would return the one without the remote. However my son tried to turn one on the next day and it wouldn't turn on. Changed outlets, didn't work. Thought maybe the remote died already but it turned the other light on. So it lasted about 2 hours. I am returning all 3 now. Not worth the money, even at less than $10 a piece.	1
The bottle of product arrived covered in the product...from top to bottom.	2
did not perform poor results	1
It was enjoyable for a bit. The end bumpers fall off super easy while playing with them. When you put the sticks inside the bumpers the plastic splits very easy.	2
It's a handy little aerator. It takes longer to pour than when I used the aerators that are not attached to the bottle but this works well. Something to consider if you have a heavy hand but not a deal breaker for me.	2
The characters are very likable and the premise/plot is original as well. There’s no doubt that Joe Hill is a talented writer. I just hate the fact that the book is so slow paced and at times very boring to read. It’s very hard to pick back up once I put it down and that is a huge negative for me.	1
I liked this booster seat for it has a simple and modern design. It is easy to clean and install. Only con is that the upper seat cannot be fixed to the main seat. It's falling off whenever my girl tries to step down from it, which is little bit annoying and sometimes can be little bit dangerous. Other than that, I like it since it is easy to maintain.	2
The game is fairly entertaining. It keeps my 6 year old playing for long stretches of time.	2
The molds leak water and result in a spherical cube that has a large flat side. I have resorted to clips for the sides but the molds still leak. Product design is poor, the mold sealing edges should be above the fill port.	1
Fantastic jacket! Looks exactly like the picture and fits true to size. It arrived on time too!	2
Got the job done but didnt notice any change in skin.	2
I got one of these for work as I occasionally need to be heard over loud machinery. It works perfectly for that purpose. However, this is easily three times the size of a standard pea whistle.	2
works perfectly with my brother label maker	2
This is a high quality wallet offering RFID protection made by a high quality company. After several months of heavy use this wallet has hardly any wear. Highly recommend buying this wallet. My only issue is something I have found with almost every wallet I've tried which is an issue with the ID window pocket; it is often a bit tricky to get my DL out of this windowed pocket. Other than this minor deficiency I suggest you buy this wallet if you are looking to buy something high quality and want to buy a high quality wallet from a high quality company!	2
I am very disappointed with the quality of this product. I've hardly had these a week and one has quit working after 2 uses. Charged one time and on the second attempt after charging all night the batteries were hardly charged. These weigh more than any I've had before and get heavy after a short time in use.	2
Very good soap for my little girl. The only problem,big problem,the top of the container is useless,broken when the first push,really need improvement on the top piece,beside that will be 5 stars,but I only give you 3 because of the weak top,sorry.	2
Only diaper rash product I buy. Perfect for adults as well.	2
Well, it started off as a really good fan. After the first week it started getting louder and making a metal on metal noise. Second week was even worse. Started smoking smelled electrical a day ago so I unplugged the unit. I thought with the reviews this would be a solid unit...gave my hopes up!	1
took a second to figure out that the IN on the dc input side triggers the relay. Will not trigger with just dc + and - connected.	2
These are pretty small and don’t stay cold for long.	1
The directions were so small you need a magnifying glass. Only using as a once use alarm so I can’t comment on other features. Just like that it resets daylight time changes and when electricity goes off	2
Not sure how or why but there is seepage. The floor still gets wet beneath the pad	1
The content of this book is very important. The title of this book is declutter. You should read this book from the first page to the last page. By reading this book your mind will be very strong and your confidence level will be very high. Don't forget to buy.	2
I returned as they were very flimsy.	1
Great pot but a bit expensive	2
Kind of slow reading with a mediocre plot. Really didn’t enjoy the book that much	1
This product left my 10 year old very disappointed. The construction is nice but the result is less than stellar.	1
Fits loose and flowy. Maybe should have gotten a larger size, but I like it	2
This book is well written, and I was going to give it 4 stars, until the end. Seriously!?!? I can't stand it when a book just suddenly ends. Did he have a heart attack? Did Isaac makes it out of his coma? (Does the dream come true, or does it symbolize they both end up in apple tree heaven together?) Frustrating to not have closure.	2
This company got my order totally wrong ?	1
I'm not scent-sensitive but if I make an order of a product that claims to be scent-free I would like it to be that way. I just thought it would be better to NOT have my garbage flowery/perfumey smelling. I mean, it's garbage...Anyway...something I noticed and I'm not a fan of. Otherwise the product works fine for me.	1
NOT as warm as they say they are! Fingers got cold on a 3 mile dog walk in 33 degree light snow day!!	2
We needed a new comforter for our King bed, and we like down alternative. So, I thought we should give this one a try. Other than ordering GRAY and receiving BROWN, I am pleased. You have to take it for what it is, it is not an expensive comforter, but it is soft, seems pretty well made and the king size I got fit our bed. I was going to return for the color I ordered, but my husband prefers the brown so we will keep it. It has not been washed yet, so we will see how well it holds up over time.	2
no matter how we prep the fruit, the juice taste horrible. Take same batch of fruit and juice with a hand juicer or eat directly and fruit is delicious, run it through this juicer and it just tastes bad. Going to try a few more things but honestly cannot see us using this more if the taste continues to be off.	1
One wheel broke off on first use, I called customer support and was told they don’t have the part? Not the kind of company to buy from, very disappointed. The luggage is ok in terms of size and it’s light weight.	1
The toy works, but the main problem is its battery life and run time. It only stays on for a short period of time (sometimes a few seconds, sometimes 2-3 minutes). So every minute or so you have to find the thing, and then hold the button to put it into "play mode". Not great for keep your cats amused for more than 30 seconds to a minute.	2
Looks Good with My TV interior. Great seller 5*s	2
it was difficult to understand ths install directions	1
It did it’s job fine until it dropped from 6 inches and lost all data	1
I don't like this game.	2
Completely see though, thin material. The draw string goes right at the high waist, does not overlap. Im 5.5 130Lbs size BC cup and i go a large so i could where like the pic.	1
My niece wears them all the time. It’s hard to find boots that actually stay on her and she never kicks these off. So cute!	2
This case arrived broken. I'd like to return it please. Thanks	1
its been a week and I see mosquitos all over the place.seems like it doesnt work. When will it start working?	1
I have a 38DDD chest and the XL fits just a bit snug.	2
The stake was damaged before it was put in the shipping envelope. The reason I know this-no broken pieces were found inside the envelope when I opened it!	1
Live this hammer/screwdriver combo. Perfect for household use.	2
Perfect for swimming lessons!	2
I’ve been dealing with intense arch pain this past year (when I rub my feet there’s a noticeable crinkling/popping in the tendons.) I decided to give this a try and i’m So glad I did! I work on my feet and this has really helped decrease the intensity of my foot pain. Highly recommended.	2
Great protection for watch. Worth every penny.	2
Well just got it part of the inside seal was open and it’s all over the lid. It was literally just delivered. I will add more stars once I try it and add more to the review	1
Duct tape is great. It works well for all of the things that people have used it for over the years. I was never able to rip it like my husband did as if it were a slice of bread. I couldn't make it budge. I was able to tear through this with no trouble even though I don't have much strength in my hands. Of course, it isn't as heavy as it used to be. Maybe they make industrial strength now, but for my usage of the occasional Christmas box closing, it really works better for me.	2
I am a long term customer. Excellent products and very good service. Looking forward to do business with you in the future. Keep it up guys.	2
Battery didn’t last long only maybe a week. Worked briefly. Works great when it does work.	2
Perfect for small projects.	2
One was broken upon arrival.	1
Good looking sleeve, very soft inside! Fits my macbook 13" 2017 perfectly.	2
Great Product & Service just as described	2
These were bigger than I thought they would be. The head is like the size of a dime and they took a long time to receive. But they are cute.	2
Like to keep up with the local news.	2
I put several pics so you can appreciate and can see is not the only product i bought i did use several trying to find the right one so far this one is the best for the reason you put it like a glove and stay more stable than the others. I wish they have more cushioning in the bottom however it does the job and the true no pain when i walk which is a big issue for me not been able to use nothing besides sneaker with pain and sleepers. Also i will recommend to use skinny socks with it because it takes space in your shoes (i have wide fat feet) and i also use thick socks for the same reason of pain. You can move the silicone pad around to adjust it to your needs everyone is different it work covering almost all my toes picture above. Worth the money very happy customer here difference is big	2
It's basically just an extended codex entry. The book felt like an outline for the story, all the meat is missing. Even if your a hardcore fan I'd wait for a price drop.	1
Haven't used yet. Looks great!	2
I was disappointed, because i real know the mark of the enamel. I don’t know if there was a storage failure. But when I used it, it was filled with balls in nail. Did not like! :(	1
It takes some practice to get it to work properly, but when you get it down it does a pretty good job. It's much more convenient than the tape rollers that you have to continually replace.	2
Sound was delay,Can not use for karaoke.	2
Great replacement band. Will order in more colors!	2
I have been making beeswax wraps for a couple of years now. I ordered this beeswax awhile ago, but it was too hot to make the wraps. Finally we got to making them this morning. It did not work! No matter what we tried it will not cling, it never happened with other beeswax of a couple of different brands that I had. We checked the formula, adjusted the temperature and nothing worked. We came to the conclusion that it must be the beeswax that is a problem, I have 4 unopened bags left land I would like to return them. I ordered my regular brand, too bad we lost so much time I have to fill the orders due Monday. Too bad :(	1
We are very pleased with this product. It was recommended by someone in a medical office to try for skin problems.	2
Good selection of couplers.	2
My fault I bought the used one just thinking it was a broken box according to the description. No it was a screen protector someone used messed up. Used same screen protector for my wife's phone and could tell as soon as I opened it. And when it pulled away improperly I could tell all was lost. Still put it on my phone but it was awful just going to Best Buy lost faith in Amazon since they certified this junk.	1
These are only okay - it took two of these sheets stuck to each other to hold a basic 1" refrigerator magnet. I would not recommend for the price.	1
This product works for me had a lot of joint pain my hands especially since I been on tumeric saw lots of improve ment I can use my hands more now.	2
I took a chance and bought the biggest one for my 100 Lb dog and it didn't fit...so I have not used it. I'll donate it to a shelter. The build quality of okay for smaller dogs...kind of lightweight.	2
My grandson’s favorite lunch in a convenient size and easy cooking method.	2
Great product works great and produces a lot of ice	2
It seems small when I first got it but it can hold lots of stuff!	2
Father’s Day present from the kids. They have all had many battles and hours of fun	2
Ok for a beginner. It does not extend long enough for the wine bottles I was trying to cut. I made it work, however I plan to upgrade.	2
This silver dip always works wonders on tarnished silver, jewelry	2
I could not read it to small I am returning it	1
I love this bathing suit except that the top is TIGHT. I usually end up wearing the bottoms with a different top because it's like a freakin corset. I like to be athletic when I'm swimming vs. hang out on the sides. If you're someone who doesn't mind the pinch and does like to chill in the pool/on the sides lookin' awesome, this could be for you. It makes my tits look amazing, too. ;)	2
The foam seems fine. However, the foam's thickness is less than the advertised 3mm . . . measuring somewhere between 2.3 - 2.6 mm thick (the thickness varies within each sheet). While this probably won't matter very much to most, it may make a difference for someone (like me) who needs foam that is 3mm thick.	2
for the money I paid this was a "you get what you pay for deal" It's not the sturdy comfortable sofa you want in a living room, but for a den or basement just to fill a space it's ok	2
The leggings arrived within two days of ordering, are very soft and buttery, as others said. The main thing I didn't like is they don't stay up at the waist too well. So I'm constantly pulling them up. Perhaps that will change after washing them, which I hope. Thanks.	2
giving to my friends little girl	1
Soft, big, and good quality	2
I was very dissatisfied with my last order this is the 2nd time that they send 1 good stick of selenite the 2nd in prices . Don't think I will order from this company !!	1
I like this cooler purse I used it for a day trip to zoo.	2
This Board is NOT MAGNETIC. Only the provided magnets will work. I wanted to be able to use other magnets on it as needed including a magnetic bucket for more markers/erasers and nothing else will stick to it. Also a ton of glare on this thing and we got the white to help with glare. ::sigh:: I would return in a heartbeat but box already destroyed. ugh. So not satisfied.	1
These contain tapioca starch so they stick to the teeth. Flavor is great, if not too sweet.	2
my 6 year old son loves his surprise, he wanted a boat like this a long time ago and when he saw it he was surprised and I liked it, it really is very good, we used in the pool, I recommend it for your children are delighted with this toy	2
They ride up when I walk/run. They’re not what I was entirely expecting but okay.	1
I loved this timer and bought about 6 of them, unfortunately, one of them stopped working within a week. guess 5 out to 6 ain't bad.	1
The socks have a thin fit and the material is also thin.	1
These sunglasses are so cute...	2
The squares that you pull out of the canister are much smaller than other brands that are available. Even the individually wrapped Travel samples that you receive are larger than the standard sheet. If you are using price/per unit to figure your savings you need to factor in that you'll use twice as many wipes to clean your CPAP mask. I was also unimpressed with the fluid retention of these sheets. They dry out quickly! I would not recommend.	1
This product is not at all what they say it is the product was suppose to be mixed with the LIT Glow paint and water. Well it wouldn't blend together at all I tried to do it 3 times going to exact directions it always came out like the texture of puke! That is what the product turned out to be puke! I'm beyond angry not being ripped off so much but my time was wasted that's far more of a crime than anything else. So if you have the time to waste and you love working with puke then this is the company you should buy from it's been a miserable experience....	1
Sheds glitter so watch out for that part. Otherwise happy with it. Looks pretty.	2
pricing was good and med works fine	2
The product never arrived.	1
Bought it hoping to be able to charge and use audio and mic input function of iphone at the same time obviously. The female ports were much larger than pictured with the plastic inside the casing appearing to not be plastic at all, but a cardboard-like material. Wouldn't mind so much it actually worked, but was clearly sold an already damaged unit. The charging port appeared to work intermittently, but headphone port did not function at all. A lot of these dongles out there, but this was recommended by Amazon as the no. 1 choice, no guarantee that item will be in working condition.	1
So my complaints are relatively small the overall product works it’s a huge space for my 1 year old to run and play without the dogs interfering. Complaints I have are, if it’s put together and you try to scoot it or maneuver it in anyway it comes apart, easy to hook back but annoying. The Decorative stickers are ridiculously annoying to place on it and if you mess up and try to take it off they rip. So honestly mine has like 2 stickers on it. Not really important but it is part of the product so you expect it to be some what simple.	2
Fits very well, no issues at all. Also, arrived in one day!	2
Within the first couple of uses, this cable came apart and the wires are seperating. Terrible quality and very cheaply made.	1
Hefty steel. Don't mess around with tiny steels.	2
These earrings are very very cute and super light weight. However, the post are SOOO sharp. I have an infant who loves grabbing at my ears so I can’t wear these as often as I’d like. He would definitely hurt himself	2
This Thing is a PC of Garbage. Does not work PERIOD!!!!!! Do not buy	1
This mattress cover bunches up and makes the bed lumpy!!!	1
Worked like a charm! Cute prints and easy to use. Made middle of the night swaddling easier after diaper changes for mom and dad.	2
Shipping took forever and was send the incorrect size. Ordered a medium and recieved a small. Awesome.	1
Disappointed. The unit is almost all plastic. The hose stiff and cheap looking.	1
I didn't really like it	1
Wow. First I watched the speech and knew then I had to read the book. There is just total wisdom on every single page. I wanted to highlight the whole book	2
They make the hooks on these extremely thick, so it won't hang on most doors and allow the door to also close. I'll have to search out and buy new, thin hooks to make it useable. Otherwise it's pretty much as expected.	1
Readable and enjoyable. A good way to end the original Dauntless stories. Worth reading the whole series of you don't mind suspending a bit of realism.	2
It's very powerful and works very well. It's easy to move and clean the car and the backyard. Now I can use no brush to brush dirt that's hard to wash. It can save me time and energy.	2
After looking at several bento-style boxes, this one felt like the best combo of features + value. My son is 2.5 and the portion compartments are perfect for him but overall, small. It’s a bit difficult to close so I took a star off for that but even so, has not leaked yet. Overall, I’m very pleased with this purchase!	2
Said I was getting 7oz bag got 2oz bag real disappointed.	1
Nice an soft on the inside. A bright blue with silicone. A little longer than I had imagined but offers great protection.	2
Manufactured outside of tolerance. Won't stay put in my Note 8. Have to apply force to get cable to fit. Worried about long term damage to USB C port.	1
Received the wrong item in my shipment. I have returned and ordered elsewhere.	1
This feels amazing when I put it on under my eyes. Not entirely sure that I can *see* a difference, but with 3 little kids and not a lot of rest, there is a lot to contend with when it comes to bags & dark circles! I plan to keep using the product twice daily and fully expect to see a difference in the appearance over time, based on how much better my skin in that area already feels.	2
Use on chair for elderly person with dementia. Some stains do not come out. Strap does not keep in place	1
Beautiful, functional flipper. However, very expensive. I own two of them--one for everyday use, one for my collection.	2
Ordered and received, it was broken. Returned and reordered again. Received quickly but was broken. I think it just doesn’t ship well.	1
Soft but way too small, order a size up. Came in unprofessional packaging with no tag.	1
it smells really bad	1
Rather dry,I don't know what I expected am a big Fan of Stanton and UFOs in general.	2
They don't work as well as they said.like not all!	1
Should be durable enough for inside use Size 4 was supposed to fit my 1956 chevy sedan. It won’t hook under the bumpers. It’s too short. Maybe need the next size up. Will be returning .	2
They are really really thick. high-quality Just too heavy for me in the summer	2
Very little propagation. Only 10% sprouted and that's probably being generous. Very Disappointed with this product.	1
Horrible,weight is too light,when my daughter was trying to perform for us the stans falls	1
Might want to try Aloe Vera instead to soften beard hair	1
I ordered deep purple but that’s not what color was in the bottle. I thought my hair would be deep purple BUT I got greenish blue hair instead. The product was very easy to use but I’m not happy that I ordered one color (purple) and got a miss labeled product instead.	1
I wore it for 20 minutes and the heel of the shoe broke.	1
I purchased this over the winter and haven't used it until just last week I had a weak battery so i figured now is a good time to try it out as my truck was closer then the nearest outlet and it over heated and melted so it no longer works, i dont know if I did something wrong I mean you just plug it in righ?	1
These were the cheapest pair that I could find. Surprisingly, they are fairly thick and very comfy. I wear them very often and bought another pair for my pregnant wife	2
Was nice kept falling off my shoulder so i tied it. but a good product	2
Came in different color, wasn’t soft at all, and I doubt that it was 2,5 tog. So disappointed!	1
Inconsistent thickness some of the are very thin so no protection with those.	2
Came broken, cheap material and it makes a annoying squeaking noise that can sounds like nails on a chalk board every time you roll it on your skin	1
My previous cushion has lasted years, I’m very surprised about the quality. It is very thin and the material on the outside makes it very slippery. So slippery I’m afraid to use it. I tried it for 8 hours with work and I almost fell a number of times	1
Doesn't last long. Changed batteries, but to no avail. Returning the product so we'll see how they honor the 2 year warranty. Also, there was no cleaning brush.	1
Exactly as advertised. These hangers have a thin profile, but are very sturdy. Velvet coating keeps clothes secure on hanger and they seem to be unbreakable. They can easily support any type of clothing including a men's suit or heavy winter coat.	2
The sound is really good. My problem with them is while you are working out jump roping or running they fall off your ears. (To heavey)	2
Item is too confusing to put on. So I don't wear it much	1
My daughter loves using it for short and long trips.	2
The harvest farm little people tractor goes along great with the little people farm. When you drive the tractor the front end of the tractor moves back n forth. It is very cool, very happy with this purchase!	2
Don’t waste your money! Not long enough and they literally feel apart when I was trying to open them.	1
This booklet is poorly written and edited and includes extremely basic information only. Not mind-blowing as the advertisement suggested, but easy read. This short document reads like a short pamphlet usually found in a doctor's office.	1
I want to return it. It didn’t even last a month. Solar is not working, it doesn’t produce light.	1
I bought these last year for $23 for 2 1/2 pounds. These are being sold for $16 for 1 pound. Do the math. I think $8-$10 per pound is the right price, making these over 50% more expensive than what seems reasonable. Once they arrived I realized just how few mints you get for your $16. The mints seem pretty fresh so that is good - they're just way overpriced for the amount, unfortunately.	1
Does not really hold things in place feels like yoga pants... was looking for something more like spanks	1
Nice case, does give a sense of protection and the material makes it hard to slip from my hand. However, I was disappointed by the strength of the glow in the dark material. A deficient in the glow. The carabiner clip is of low standard. I paid $9.99	2
This item looks completely different than what I purchased!!!! And it has a tag on it that says 9.95 from shop Disney !!!!	1
Storage bags were smaller than I expected. The material is also very thin. Can't over pack or may break. Flimsy zipper also.	2
I like the look!!! Have to touch it several times to turn on or off	2
Very thin, cheap material. Too big in chest area.	1
Such a great product! My favorite part was the installation frame which made lining up the glass a breeze!	2
I have been taking these ever since my kidney stone. Whether they have prevented another stone, I don't know, but I will take them daily forever because I never want to have that pain again, and many testimonials have vouched for their efficacy. Time will tell, if I get another stone. I really hope not.	2
I literally didn’t even get to wear these for one day.... mid day one dropped and broke.	1
I thought this book had great characters & a plot that kept you engaged, & liked getting to meet back up with Ghost's Team, but it needs serious editing.There are unfortunately not just endless grammatical errors; there are totally wrong words used often. It was really distracting. I know professional editing is not cheap, but even getting a few readers to proof it could have made a huge difference.	2
Fairly easy to install but the paint is starting to chip after less than a year. Not as good of quality as stock but decent for aftermarket and better price.	2
Too large, didn't want a small blanket	1
Not bad for the price and considering I could find a case for an all but discontinued model is nice. Delivered just as promised	2
I never got the product.	1
this was for my granddaughter I've heard no bad new.	2
Disappointed. Poor quality book. Not worth the money.	1
We write so much, that it is great to have these refills.	2
I’ve been looking for good earbuds for iPhone 7s, but I couldn’t find good ones for a reasonable price so I randomly chose this one instead. First of all, one thing I would like to point out is that the color of the ear buds that I got is black and red. Not only that, it DOES NOT looks like the ear buds that are shown, but instead looks like EarPods that are black and have red wires! Honestly, the sound quality isn’t that great either. I’m really not big on sound quality because I just wanted ear buds that works so I can listen to it on the way to school. However, these earbuds makes everything sound really airy and not full.. of that makes sense. Also, quite often there would be some fuzzy noises that comes out. I would also like to say that the concept of these earbuds are really stupid to be very honest. Sometimes the earbuds disconnects from my phone by itself. If you were in public, or a crowd, if the earbuds disconnects, your music or whatever would just keep playing and everyone would hear it.	1
Nice to have multiple, the quality feels very light weight chintzy like they won’t last long.	2
Ive boughten 3 of these within the last 7 months or so and they always seem to break after not long. It’s like the metal piece that you put your brush on becomes loose and it becomes very loud. Unfortunately I really wanted to stay with sonicare because I love the way they work and my first one lasted me years but now I think I’m going to have to look elsewhere.	1
This amp is truly awesome. Great punch for something this size and the effects are great as well. As you can imagine the volume output while on batter power is not the same as when it's connected to AC, but the portability aspect of this is it's greatest feature and value in my mind. Sittin' on the porch, the dock or on the beach you're now a portable jamming unit. I run a G&L Legacy and Jackson RR through it. Great results either way.	2
I ordered a 250 ml but the item I received was a 100 ml bottle.	1
I have bought countless Melissa & Doug products - but this is so bad I may never want to buy this company product again. Only 2 pieces of chalk in both boxes was NOT broken into miniscule pieces. Grandkids could not even write with them. So much trouble to return and get replaced the boxes of broken chalk when the chalk could just be replaced and sent better protected. I will go to my local office store and buy chalk for the chalkboard.	1
Great product at a reasonable price. Delivered well packaged with all directions included. Assembled in minutes and worked better than expected.	2
Thought it would hold my Samsung Galaxy 7 better, but doesn't really. Comes with several alternatives, and the one I prefer is the long-stemmed one. Thought I would like this better, but when I put it on my side window, I have to take it off when I roll my window down. If I put it on the windshield, it's in my line of vision. Sticks to the windows OK. Just isn't as handy as I thought it would be.	1
Waste of money! Very flimsy. Broke after a week. Didn’t realize this wasn’t returnable. Would not have purchased had I known that.	1
Received this today, and while I can't speak to the authenticity of the product, the bottle appears to have been re-labeled. It arrived in the little N-M box, with the insert, however the N-M label was slightly askew, with glue adhered to the bottle above and below this N-M label. Smells like vanilla, looks like vanilla, but is it Nielsen-Massey Madagascar Bourbon Pure Vanilla Extract? Idk... So, going with three stars atm, I'll update when I use it tomorrow.	2
Works great on lamp post, nice to have the dusk to dawn	2
I immediately returned this wallet. It was a fake and you could tell right away. Wouldn’t recommend buying from them.	1
Came fast which was great! Just as it was described very good overall.	2
Disappointed that I lost 1 bowl and 1 small plate, shattered in box. Box was not labeled Fragile! 8 guests for Thanks giving and short on plates :(	1
Had no issues sliding this on to the pillow top memory foam mattress purchased on amazon. Zipped just fine, no issues. Would purchase again if needed	2
Not my favorite summer dress but it looks very good and is well made.	2
Works as expected. Sliced up my bread maker loaf very nicely. Comes apart easily for storage. Only issue was it was made in China.	2
This item is advertised as brand new, but they actually sent a used phone in a heavily damaged box. The phone has light signs of wear on all sides, the accessories were not in their plastic wrap, and the phone did not turn on with a first-time setup window. The Shipping box was undamaged, so they knowingly shipped a product in a damaged box with a hole in it.	1
We bought it for a gift for my son. He likes it.	2
My old nozzle finally broke and I found these. They are very heavy duty and easy to use. I love the "Gentle Shower" setting!	2
It doesn't work. Fully charged and doesn't supply power. Don't buy it just because it's cheaper. Get the better more expensive one like I am.	1
Very cute on, comfortable	2
solved issue. good price.	2
Arrived right away and look pretty nice. Unfortunately my dog found it easy to pull the strings off and destroy the toys in a matter of weeks.	1
very poor quality, I don't know if I can return this, it's a fake product...very disappointed	1
I love the taste of the coffee. I purchased it when I was away at a friends house in Florida. He didn't drink coffee so I ran to the organic market, they had this I figured why not try it. I was pleasantly surprised. Now I keep it in my overnight bag and drink it pretty much every morning. A lot easier than taking out my perk pot.	2
These night driving glasses are great. It takes a few times wearing them that the full extent of their benefit is seen, but they really do help with the glare.	2
Beautiful bows! They arrived on time. Only complaint is that moment I opened the bag they come in, 2 bows had come apart. Other than that they are cute bows. I wish they would come in a little decorative box for a gift.	2
Great price good product, but lost a star for the extended amount of time to deliver	2
Good fins but I often get cramps while wearing them.	2
It's order free it's easy to use and it is the only product on the market for getting rid of fungus out of shoes. And because I collect vintage shoes this was a perfect way to disinfect them along with my steam cleaner	2
A little TOO stretchy but works none-the-less.	2
I hope this rc rx works with zero protection and a qt jar smashing it around during shipping. Once again dumbass Amazon. Hopefully it's the product I ordered its like there little aerogarden look alike scam with nutrients. Got ex gro not miracle grow just misleading adds and good old American greed. Thanks Amazon your awesome	1
I enjoyed reading about the bravery and struggles of the personal lives of firefighters. I gave the book a 4 due to several grammatical errors. Other than that it was an interesting book.	2
The scale is thin and light-weight, so it's easy to store in my tiny kitchen. The description said the scale would be silver, but I was sent one that was bright blue. The different color didn't bother me, so I decided it wasn't worth the time and hassle to request an exchange. As others experienced, the batteries that came with the scale were corroded, so I had to run out and buy some more AAA batteries to get the scale to work. Not the end of the world, but still, if a product is going to advertise that batteries are included, it would be nice if those batteries were actually usable. That's the main reason for deducting a star. Otherwise, I've been happy with the product.	2
I never saw the remote control... Does not work.. I'm not really happy with this item	1
The rug I got was orange. And dark pink with hardly any of the bright blue I was expecting.	2
It is nice looking dress but was having holes near the stitching on frills. Hate to return it but disappointed with quality if fabric	1
As advertised! Would definitely purchase again!	2
Comfortable and sleek fit, but that’s about it. I’m not super picky about audio but there is NO bass in these at all. It just makes any genre of music sound horrible, and just not right... it’s like they turned up the highs and mids, and turned the bass to negatives on an equalizer. Bummer.	1
It looks like real food.	2
Great replacement lids, and not counterfeit. These are the real deal, plus the colors are fun.	2
As always a story that captures your interest and won’t let you go until you get to the end. Engaging characters and locale and well researched history.	2
I’ve definitely been into fruit jerky recently as I’ve been trying to transition away from meat. At first it takes a little getting used to, but it ends up being such a pleasant surprise. It’s cheaper than the alternative and is so good. It literally makes the perfect snack and is easy to take along with me. These bags were perfect because they also resealed, so it kept my jerky fresh! I pretty much ate all 3 bags within a week so I’m pretty sure I’ll be ordering another flavor variety shortly. Definitely recommend as a healthy delicious snack	2
You have to squeeze the crap out of the thing to get any liquid out, way too rigid.	1
Very nice! Good price!	2
The WORST experience EVER with this seller. Tables delivered broken tried to send them back seller was incompetent don’t use them!!!! Save yourself a flipping head ache! Thank Goodness Amazon issued me a refund after almost a month later! Ughhhh	1
As such, there are no complaints about this book, everything is written at a decent level, thanks to the author, recommended!	2
It's compact size small scale. My wife use this scale when she bake the cookies and some bread. She likes this scale.	2
I returned it - it was awful: tastes like night and does nothing to you.	1
Hung very strangely I had to hang with my own hangers bc the string didn’t work. But cute	2
The navy blue marble was a poor quality image. It was pretty blurry and might look okay from afar, but it definitely didn't have the clear printing that makes it look nice in the photo.	1
Mounted easily and does the job right! Sometimes it shakes when i Drive and i think it’s going to fall but it hasn’t yet so it’s great so far !	2
I'm not impressed, it was slow getting into it then leaves you with a cliff hanger..that I hate!! Everyone has their opinion.	2
Ordered this in November 2017. It simply quit February 3, 2018. That is 3 months after purchase, it stops working! I will NOT buy this again!	1
the color is far less vibrant but I could still make use of it	2
Love this little thing. I use it in my car where the USB is right next to and at the bottom of my big cup holder in the center console. Now I can listen to 1000's of songs without fear of banging it with my mug. Rocketek has great customer service too. Email responses by the next day.	2
This shirt is soooo cute! It fits perfectly. I'll make sure to post a pic later! I have 36dd boobs and 29 waist. I bought a large. It was good!	2
Definitely have a rubber mallet handy because some pieces don’t fit in as easily as maybe they should. Other than that, my bf and I didn’t have too much trouble putting it together in an hour or two. It definitely has some sway to it, but my son loves it entirely. I’m pleased with this purchase.	2
Really cute bracelet, but took over 2 months to arrive, and after the promised date.	2
I work in the food industry and never around an outlet long enough to charge my phone during the day. I got this charger and I already had an extra battery, so I gave it a try. Glad I did. At 1st I only needed every so often when I forgot to charge my phone or we had a long day catering and my phone went dead. Just recently my phone stopped charging. Tried several chargers and nothing. Called our company IT dept. and they said I would need a new phone. I could pay for a new one now or wait until the end of July and do an upgrade. Well since I have this charger, I'm waiting. It can be a pain to be the only way to charge, but it works. The charger stays cool at all times as well as the battery when charging. Not a fast charge, but good enough as to have that back up. Also, if the power ever goes off, great back up plan!	2
So far so good. The product arrived as scheduled and fits my computer. In fairness, I’ve only had the cord a short while so I can’t speak to durability, and since I’ve not had any issues with it yet, I can’t speak to returns/ customer service issues either. Those are the main issues preventing me from giving the product higher scores.	2
Definitely not new as described. Item was dusty and wrapped in tissue paper that was not part of the original packaging. Would have been fine labeled “used.” Would have bought anyway. I don’t like people thinking they can pull one over on me. Item was still in nice condition so I added a star.	2
The case has been problematic. It did not fit well and now, the clip that holds the phone to the belt broke. Did not last a few months.	2
Every single lid BROKE!	1
It came delivered as promise and looks great	2
Good product but to small	2
It's a little difficult to play old games on. And the games get stuck for nintendo. Not sure if it's my old games or the console	2
great broom. they don't make them like this any more. would compare this to the Amish made brooms I used to buy. wide surface area and seems to catch the tiniest crumb. would buy again	2
I found broken glass in the zipped up carrying case on the microphone. I need to test it more, but it seems ok. I will update this as I test further and improve the rating if the microphone is performing well. There was other unidentified shredded stuff in the product box. I don't see any damage on the mic, but still, it is a bit concerning.	2
Much thinner than what I was expecting.	1
This dress fits well and seems to be made of milk silk. The waistline is more empire than is flattering on my body but that was a fault on my end. The dress is much brighter than it showed on my monitor but a nice summery choice. Others have mentioned cleavage being too deep but mine was not and it seemed like a simple stitch would rectify that if desired.	2
Easy and quick way. It discussed almost everything about this book info that you can learn. Indeed, i found the necessary information in this concise guide. Would recommend!	2
Does what it says. Somewhat awkward to use, but maybe it's due to me still learning.	2
I bought these so I could share with my grown children. I had used one for myself and it worked fine but when I finally got to my daughter ‘s the one I brought for her won’t stay locked in the higher position. Since I wouldn’t be seeing my son for quite some time I checked the one him and that one also has the same issue. Now it’s to late to return I’m stuck with them.	1
I go camping most weekends in Florida during the summer, Fri, Sat and Sun, I use a mixture of block and cube ice and almost always am dumping out ice when I get home. No need to spend hundreds of dollars on a Yeti. Plus it is light and I can easily move and carry it when full.	2
You're still gonna feel it when you get punched with them. 😎	2
These look & work great!	2
The dress is nice and light and love the pockets, had 3 small holes in the dress that I did not notice till I was at an event - but over all I like the dress	2
My 17 yr old loved them. He has 3 color choices and perfect size	2
Very tight on the arms	2
It was so scratchy and uncomfortable. There is no way the cover was cotton. It felt like polyester and made me wake up sweaty. The head part killed my neck. I hated this thing.	1
Cleans as expected, creates a decent lather, and doesn't seem too drying. The smell is fantastic!	2
Shorted out, spewed smoke, and died the first time it was plugged in, even though it was turned off. The switch was unresponsive.	1
The right shoe fit but the left was a little small.	2
I put this particular bulb on a 2D plastic yellow heavy-duty waterproof flashlight with a rather dim incandescent bulb which didn't seem to put out much light. This new replacement bulb makes the flashlight worthy of rugged duty, especially in rainy wet conditions. I threw the old bulb away.	2
I had a lot of fun playing	2
The length was good but the waist was way too big. There's no way to rate the shaping aspect since it is practically falling off.	1
This book is not what I expected it to be, unfortunately. I put it down after the first chapter.	1
I bought these to use as sock holders for the washing machine and dryer. The string and clip have fallen out of 2 of the bags. Considering this is not a product slated for this use, I really can’t complain. Love the colors.	2
I didn't use, so can't comment on functionality. Bulds are really long and very heavy. They may not be suitable for pendant fixtures or lamps that only have space for traditional bulbs	1
I love this flashlight attachment. I'm tempted to purchase a second one so I don't need to keep switching it between my pistol and carbine.	2
It doesn’t feel cheaply made ^^;	2
Too big on top and too long, looked like a bath robe	1
It looks crappy. PERIOD. NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE, but since I'm past my return date I can't return it. IT'S CRAPPY!	1
I love the beautiful design. It stands out in a crowd. Or rather, I stand out in a crowd when I'm carrying it! However, it's beauty can't make up for it being just a very tad bit small. I had to work really hard to fit my iPad in this cover! I got it in, but it's a little hard to plug it into the power source since the cover doesn't fit perfectly. But I still use it -- maybe beauty can make up for a little bit of imperfection. :)	2
Great looking flask but the plastic cap is extremely susceptible to stripping, which then makes the flask useless. I had this for about 3 months before I stripped the cap and it became impossible to open without a wrench, so basically useless. Metal on plastic design usually does not work well when combined. I have a Stanley all-plastic flask and it is much better - not as cool looking but is much more durable and have had for years with no issues.	1
absolute horse s**t. Soft wood that gets ground up with the spices, badly turned with dull tools, a nightmare to clean. Not worth the money, just shell out on a stone one that you won't have to hate.	1
I absolutely loved this little thing! It was exactly what I was looking for on my 6 day, 600 mile trip. The problem was the mount on the handlebars was way too weak and it fell off constantly. By day two a bump in the road sent it flying down a cliff and I never saw it again. If it were attached better, though, it would be a steal.	1
I would do a minus star if I could. Ordered May 27th and still haven't received on June 6th. No explanation.	1
I have pretty small hands and this thing, even with the grippy holes is too big for me. It's too big for my husband as well. I'll use it for now, but I predict getting something smaller in the near future.	2
Terrible!! Installation is not easy and there were no instructions. Purchased in June and just saw that I can’t return within 60 days?? This was a joke, don’t buy it!!	1
Within a very short period of time, it was covered with rust.	1
Cheaper on chewy.com, one can came in with spoiled, seems can was punctured somehow allowing air in when I opened it it smelled awful.	1
It said it has came.. but it really hasnt came..	1
I’m a 36DD (US). Based on the sizing chart I should fit a large. That is not the case! The cups on the large are way too small. Maybe the busty large will be a better fit. 2 stars because the fit sucked but the quality and material were good.	1
Like the set up of it	2
Did not keep my interest.	2
Nice hat, very warm.	2
I'm very happy with this purchase and can't wait for hubby to redeem the coupons.	2
I love this shirt its so comfy and the overall brand is so nice with good quality materials.	2
Application was fairly easy and was, indeed, bubble-free. However, the shaded border of the screen protector ends up covering parts of all sides of the screen, especially the corners of the screen, which are not actually rounded on the device (like on the 3), but are on the screen protector for some reason. This isn't simply a matter of having misaligned the screen protector, all 4 corners and all 4 sides appear to be partially covered/obscured.	1
The hair is soft and nice but it doesn't DYE. I took two and a half hours for it to turn colors with bleach and three boxes of hair dye. Very disappointed. but the customer service is excellent they got back to me immediately and we came to a good settlement, maybe I just didn't get great hair this time but I would definitely consider trying them again.	1
Nice bright color but not chew resistant	2
I mounted it on the ceiling by reversing the brackets and I installed a dedicated 20amp circuit for it. works great so far.	2
The look nice and feel nice, but after just a short month they developed water stain drips on the lid and seat and look permanently dirty all the time even though they get cleaned a few times a week	1
This order looks like knock-offs of Tim Horton's K-cups. I wonder where they came from.	2
Worst movie I’ve watched in a long time! Bad acting and poorly written! Don’t waste your money!	1
The fabric these are made out of is cheap thin cotton, they are see through when you wear them.	1
I purchased copper. I have "dishwater blonde" hair (aka medium-lightish brown) that kind of has a silvery sheen and I wanted to make it more brown with a reddish tint. I first did a 50/50 mix of this conditioner and my conditioner (like the instructions say you can) and left it on for 10 minutes and saw no results. I then did 100% Keracolor conditioner and left it in for 10 minutes and STILL saw no results. Then, finally, I left the conditioner in for 30 minutes and saw barely noticeable results. The only thing I really can tell is that when light hits my hair, it has a reddish sheen, but that's really it - overall, its the same color. I'll probably use this once a week and leave it in for 30 minutes to maintain the color, but I have no plans to buy it again. I have a feeling this stuff works better on pre-treated hair (as you you've had it actually dyed or bleached), which makes the hair more porous so it absorbs the color better. I have "virgin" hair, so I feel like that has to due with my lack of results. On the positive side, after leaving this stuff in my hair for so long, it looks and feels great! its definitely a good conditioner. Lastly, I have dandruff so I find myself scratching my head a bit, unfortunately. This has resulted in the tips of my fingernails being dyed copper. It doesn't wash out, either.	1
This high chair won't fit most high back chairs..... or even medium back chairs for that matter. We have tried is a number of times and various chairs while traveling and it always leaves our child nearly suspended above the actual seat of the chair. Not comfortable or safe. I would not recommend or buy again.	1
didn't like the material. It was too slick. Otherwise it was ok	2
Very nice cushion for price just really not built for long rides becomes uncomfortable over nice item for price	2
Did show up in the mail kinda miffed	1
Cheaply made - sorry I bought them	1
Good decal and quality but only recieved three of the original 4 tht I ordered. Al of them arrived at different times.	1
Designs are so simple as to be boring.	2
Used for my two year kids ld twins during fireworks. Worked fantastic. One of them lies to wear them around the house now.	2
what can i say, I got what I paid for. price was cheap, so is the rack. It will work for the time being.	2
I bought these there good looking, but ripped the first week, quality ain't all there. At Size XL, if they had XXL then that would of changed.	2
Collapses in the front easily so if you have a dog that likes to lean on it like my 5 lb Pomeranian, know that it’s a little flimsy. It’s still a good product for the price	2
Got this for my dad on father's day. Really nice looking watch, setup took a little bit of time on the phone app but was able to get it working after some trial and error.	2
Thought the instruction book was a physical book not access to online version that I had to print. Very disappointed. Vinyl and other items very good quality. Would have ordered other items separately if had known instruction booklet not included.	2
the blouse cloth is not big enough for big womens . and the cloth is very thin . it will tear from the stiching point . only sari is good . its very light but beautiful look . if you are looking for light nice looking party sari this is good looking	2
Poor quality, broke in about three weeks, but its cheap so what did I expect?	1
I received my package without any glasses! I was interrogated as to why i was requesting a refund even after the company accepted my refund!. I also did not receive a full refund (only partial) despite returning the empty box with glasses case the same week i purchased them. Very disappointed	1
I ordered 3 inch front 2 inch back. Measured leveling blocks for front only 1.5 inches and lift blocks for back are 3 inches??	1
The shocks work great. All i do is press the button to open the glass window and the shocks do the rest. The window opens by itself. The shocks were easy to install and appear to be very strong. I would recommend them.	2
I bought this air purifier to put it in the kitchen because we cook a lot at home.I always turn this thing on and have it running 24/7 for almost 3 weeks now and its still running smoothly. It's essentially just a fan that contains a spot to put a filter so there really isn't anything that could break on it other than the fan itself. It completely eliminated smell from the kitchen and the kitchen now smells really good since then. It is effective at removing dust and other allergens from the air. I would highly recommended for anyone who has pet allergies or want to kill the smell from the kitchen.	2
this is the wort I've ever had. Don't buy it	1
Arrived a day late, garunteed to arrive by Saturday, was delivered 4pm sunday. Ordered set of 2, only one had adhesion film on it, second one is useless	1
This only came with the best and nothing else! I feel extremely ripped off! Not worth it!	1
We use this for my mother who lives on the other side of the house. If she needs anything I can be there at the touch of a button. It’s like having a call light at home.	2
Never received any copper foil or answers to my questions.	1
I was really excited for this wax cause it had great reviews on so many different websites and gigi is a well known brand, but this was an awful experience. The wax never fully hardened so it was tacky and like peeling gum off of your private. Would never purchase again.	1
This was a well written story with great characters. The book definitely pulls at your heartstrings. It will have you second guessing about everything the same way the main character does. It was sad and sweet at the same time. You can feel Josie's frustration as the author describes everything. And, you can guess what's going on but, you will probably be wrong. I'll definitely be looking for more books by this author.	2
The clock is cute and it's easy to use. I got it for my nephew and he loved it. It exposes youngster to time management in their early ages. Although the instruction might be complex, the clock is quite simple to use.	2
Excellent seller. On time, as described, packaged very nicely. Will order from them again. Recommend to other buyers.	2
This was a good movie I liked the ending. But still love the old classics movie.	2
Very stick can't use it have to return.	1
Rollers work great but screws don't fit.	2
I bought this because of the Red lens. The light is fairly bright but the sleeve that holds the red lens on keeps falling off. the head band isn't all that comfortable. The light gets pretty hot after an extended period of time, hot enough where it's too hot to handle it.	1
The largest standard size rack missed the quality control check. The sizes on 6 of the markers was so faint that I had to relabel them. China China China. Come on man!!	2
Great shoe. very comfortable. Bought a second pair.	2
Very pretty design, however the seams are coming a loose . I will be returning this blanket :(	1
I used these for wine bottle decorations in my dining room, they are really neat. They look awesome but the batteries do not last. I used the lights on two different nights for a few hours each time and they were dead already. My box did come with extra batteries though.	2
Great product dropped my phone a couple of times and never cracked my real screen!!!!	2
Right from the start, we are thrown into the action and drama surrounding Ryder and what leads him to the ER. That is where he meets Tiffany and things heat up fast. The camaraderie between Tiffany and Ryder kept me glued to this book and the passion between these two had me fanning my self. He is very bossy but she sure knows how to put him in his place. There is definitely more behind Tiffany's past and I can't wait to read more about it.	2
Nothing against this case. I give it four stars. It works great and feels very solid. But my order was advertised as being prime only to find out that I was charged $10 for shipping anyways and it took over a week to get here. Total opposite of Prime. Can i see some kind of partial refund here? Say the $10 for shipping that you didnt say i'd be paying for because it was advertised as being PRIME.	1
These are the first oven mitts I have had with a thumb - much better and easier to grip hot dishes more firmly. Good value too.	2
We returned it sadly because I needed specific measurement for sink and the actual item was larger than the package claimed on specs by 1/2 inch in each direction.	2
did not work for me. made my hair too greasy looking.	1
I was sent the wrong color but like the product	2
There are no assembly instructions but before you get mad there are only 9 pieces that you can put together by looking at the picture. Very strong and sturdy. I have a 150' x 20 gravel driveway I used to spread 10 yards of limestone with this. Worked very well on small stone but not so much on larger rocks that were already on driveway.	2
Too small to actually hold a lot of pens. Kind of flimsy.	1
Not rare.. mostly common ones	1
Book is in good condition	2
The case is okay, I don't like how much of a hassle it is to press the buttons though.	2
Bought this based on the overall good review and right out f the box 1 of the 5 cords didn’t work. Very disappointed and now I’m wondering how long the other 4 will last.	1
Super excited to see what is inside	2
Was not water proof and held pockets of water, poor design.	1
I did not realize that it's for kids 4 and older. This was recommended for my son who is 3. I've heard great things about it but refuse to give it to my son until he is 4.	2
Wish the cords for most electronic devices were longer like At least 5 ft!	2
These are far smaller than your average soup spoons. I cant find a use for them so I returned my set as soon as they arrived.	2
goos but on the picture look better	2
Microphone works perfectly gret with my phone. Sound quality is pretty good compared to price. I am impressed. I mostly use it for karaoke on my iPhone	2
The minute hand just came off and stopped moving	1
Very cute design but fabric was rougher than expected, especially for a kid’s use. Have washed a few times but still no softening. Hoping that will change.	2
The product itself does what it should. Fits in the rails of my 2017 tacoma just fine. Only problem, like others have posted, is that this is sold as a pack of 2 and I only got 1, hence the 3 star rating. Called into Amazon support and they said they ship out a replacement so I'll adjust the overall rating once I get the order fully fulfilled.	2
they don't fit my truck very well nor do they stay on my seats very well with the hooks. there not what I thought they were going to be.	1
This review has nothing to do with the watch. I just want to let everyone knows theft is on the rise. The record shows watch delivered to address; and no watch to be seen. Here is my advice, ship all important items to nearby Amazon lockers. Amazon should do something about package theft by delivery person.	2
Nice product but so much smaller than I thought. Had to return.	1
Great book. Facts backed by scripture and/or historical documents, which brings the ancient and current Passover to life. A must read for all Catholics and those trying to understand the Eucharist.	2
The cupcakes dont cook the same in these. After one use they arent as sturdy. Hard to clean. Bright colors though	1
We have a Dyson V10, which is a fantastic product. But this popped up as a lightning deal, so I bought it for a vacation cabin, thinking that if it stank, not much was ventured. Surprising performance. It only has one brush, so that has to do for both smooth surfaces and carpet. It performs almost as well as the Dyson on both, is lighter and easier to maneuver, and has a bit longer run time on a charge. It picks up pet hair quite well. It does tend to accumulate longer hair in the brush, compromising function, but this is fairly easy to remove. For the price, it's superb	2
Product arrived on time, packaging was damaged but coverlet unharmed. This is a beautiful quilted coverlet, a lovely aged ivory color, and soft. The embroidery took my breathe away and then I noticed the flaws. Along the embroidered edge of the quilt on several places the embroidery just stops with a thread sticking out that has not been tied off or grounded. I can envision it coming unraveled in the wash. Also in the pattern there were several spots where the thread ruffled up like a wave above the pattern making it very vulnerable to snagging or breaking. This was very disappointing. I'm sending it back.	2
This DVD does not play, I've tried several DVD players, it's like it's a bootleg copy. This disc cannot be played in this region is the message my DVD player keeps giving me. I wouldn't buy from this seller again.	1
Handle is very thick and the clip makes the grip very uncomfortable, all of the other ganzo knives i purchased have a brass washer which helps open the blade with ease but this one has plastic washers. The blade is awesome just terrible handle. Looks cool from the side view at least.	1
love it!!! a little long but great with heels. I received so many compliments from men and women of all ages :)	2
Protects the phone for drops but the buttons on the case falls out pretty fast. had two of these cases and both cases the button falls out. Reported to Case-mate and they are aware of the 'defect' but will not replace as it's due to wear (after 5 months of use.)	1
Erratic operation. Works, doesn't work, works one side or the other. Trashed.	1
I thought this would be a metallic gold but it goes on extremely sheer - I don't go to the trouble of putting on eyeliner for something this subtle. It also stays sort of sticky.	1
Perfect for my daughters birthday cake! I’m leaving 4 stars instead of 5 because the paint was a little messy here and there, but overall they were great.	2
these are a bit more acidic to my taste, but still a good snack	2
terrible packaging, came wet and bent.	1
In book one, the author revealed that she had awakened with a story in mind. This book is the third of the series, leading the reader down the path to the end of the story. By now, we are familiar with the characters and their respective gifts and can only hope for a positive outcome for our heroine, as we cannot see the end, ourselves.	2
It is so soft and comfortable. Color is a little darker than I expect but it still looks nice. Love it! Not washed yet , so hopefully it will be good	2
This is a great cake mold set. I love how easily the pieces attach and detach. Cake batter does not leak out of the sides like I have experienced with other cake molds. These are easy to clean and fun to use.	2
These are not for writing, more like s fun show piece	1
I only got one, not 2	1
It is a beautiful wig.	2
Fabric is kind of thin but colors are nice. I liked it enough to order another	2
I ordered these to wear under my motorcycle helmet and they work great. Alot cheaper than another I purchased recently	2
For being a cannon I was very disappointed. The auto focus continuously goes in and out making the video blurry, and the whole picture went purple when I recorded someone wearing a purple shirt. You have to open the shutter manually. all the equipment that came with it was pretty cheap as well. I still gave it two stars becasue if your a beginner this would be ok.	1
I wish the lights are more brighter, but all and all i love it	2
This product didn't work for me. The first time I soaked my feet before putting on the booties for 2 hours. Even though I soaked my feet several times the following week - there was no peeling like I had experienced with a similar product called Baby Foot. After 2 weeks I repeated the treatment. Still no peeling. I will try another brand or go back to Baby Foot because it worked for me.	1
The item did not work, button was not functional.	1
This dress looks just like the picture. It's soft and fit as expected. The green wore off in some spots after one wash and rubs off after a days wear. The bow fell off after the 3rd wear.	2
Thin cheap material. The straps are thicker than normal tanks this style. They wear out quickly.	1
I bought this swaddle and found out there are lots of loose threads that I have to trim it off myself and its not as soft compare to the other brand that I bought online. Better choose another brand and paying at this cost there are lots of other choices.	2
Seal was broken. The color was not accurate, looks like they mixed products. Ordered thru Nordstrom instead.	1
works well - got cold fast and maintains temperature	2
I received my palm and it was infested with spider mites. I tried to get rid of them but this it was too late and I had to get rid of the plant. I hate to give a bad review because all the other plants I’ve purchased front costs farms have been wonderful. I’m wondering if there’s a way the company could assist with this but there is no contact info on the page.	2
They feel to the sun will just hard to see your watch is another things through them	2
I love some of the designs on these stickers, but I was really disappointed while looking at the different pages to see that the last one was clearly used. There was a missing sticker and then another sticker was moved around.	1
It was on the boyfriends phone and he dropped it and it cracked and broke. So claiming it will sustain a 12 foot drop is false! Color is nice but durability is a 0	1
I only rank this so low so that its easy to pick out the others that I've liked better! Fairly easy to install batteries. Packaged very efficiently! What's turns me away from this particular product, the "beep" isn't very loud and is hard to hear if your keys are stuck under couch seats...	1
Style and size are great	2
doesn't do much as soon as you start moving	1
Seems to want to move slowly even when it’s tightened down. It fits my phone nicely and works for what I need	2
The resistance band is very good and left me sore after a few squats. The barbell pad is also awesome. I think this is a great price for the quality compared to other vendors. Enjoy! :)	2
Did not work. Do not buy.	1
I disliked that the case isn’t even cut out right. It’s soo paper thin to. For a case made of rubber could of made thicker	1
Got them and wore them the first time and the elastic in them are already ripping apart!! Very cute but not happy with how cheap they are made!! Should see about returning them!	1
Doesn't do a very good job of breaking down foods. My mini food processor does a better job. I was looking for a larger sized appliance but this one missed the mark on mincing and blending.	1
It is not a bad lens for the price, but the AF system is not as effective as i expected it to be	2
Love this! I always saw silver and green ones at craft shops but I needed white so this works perfectly. Thin enough to hold the fondant topper (stars). Insert it while fondant is still soft.	2
Mom and Dad happy as could be!	2
Over all good but music is way too loud my baby boy was SCARED of it :(	2
I used this product to make cheese at home. It worked fine and my cheese turned out great. I plan on using it to make cheese again.	2
Broke in 2 as soon as I opened the package	1
Bad product, all of them quit working within weeks of purchase.	1
Cheap price, lousy at least for me,not very sharp & didn't take new edge well. Sharpened many before but didn't cut well. Hopefully better for others	1
a bit dusty, but doesn't smell bad!	2
This coating is much better than the Teflon type coating in terms of durability and ease of cleaning I have not noticed any scratches or wear after a month of daily usage.	2
Caveat emptor! I ordered this item, advertised as 10 pieces and illustrated with 5 pairs on the website. It arrived as ONE pair, TWO pieces!! Amazon notified and item returned next day. Do NOT believe this seller!!	1
Slow, but very reliable. I use it for documents and temporary back up of larger media files. So far so good.	2
It is not consistent at all. I have a Samsung S10 and it seems to charge for a few minutes and then the indicator light starts to blink. Then it changes for a minute or two and it does the same thing. It never really changes the phone properly. I'm glad I have a different one now.	1
These are fantastic! Very comfortable and easy to maintain. I threw out ALL of my other dress socks and replacement them with these. Highly recommended and wish I had found these years ago.	2
Really disappointed... The elephant print looks nothing like the photo... It's vertically distorted and gets cut off at the sides.	1
It caught fire on my grill at a medium heat! I have used grill Mats for years and need new ones so I thought these would work. First of all they don’t leave grill marks and when they caught fire scared me grabbed it with thongs and threw it in the grass	1
They sent the wrong color	1
Cute but you need a very flat thin table to get it to fit so make sure to check that out first	2
This recorder fits perfectly in my hand. It also came with a charging cable and earbuds. It was very easy to learn to use and my kids even figured it out. You can save the files as .mp3 or .wav. An added bonus is that you can use the recorder as an 8GB MP3 player. The volume is phenomenal and the playback very clear.	2
Omg!! I have dark brows, maybe a 1/4 away from a true deep black. This mean black brow products were too dark and browns way too light, but this is perfect!! I love it and will be buying more!	2
Do NOT buy from this seller. My package was lost in the mail! I did get a refund so that's why I gave them 2 stars but was very upset I didn't get the rings	1
It broke...I went to return and it is 2 days past the month for return date...only used 3-4 times and the pole already broke...pretty sad quality...	1
These cushions are very plush and comfortable. They seem well made and look great. My only problem is, that even though the measurements are the same as the cushions I was replacing, the fit of these cushions is a bit too tall for my chairs. My old cushions had ties (on the sides of the back cushions) about 4 inches below the very top of the cushion, so the top of the cushion could go slightly above the chair backs. These cushions have the ties on the very top corners of the back cushion, requiring me to "scrunch" the cushion down in order to tie them down. I like the cushions enough to keep them and am hopeful that as we continue to use them, they will conform better to the chairs.	2
The cigarette lighter adapter was dead as a doornail real piece of junk rip off	1
Battery life is decent, keys are nice. Occasionally notice key presses not registering when wireless, this is resolved by plugging in keyboard.	2
It's very light which allows it to fall easily.	1
Unit dropped 1 tray of ice and QUIT!!	1
Really helps my two year olds with table training. Instead of throwing food when they are done, they just hand me the bowl. Well made. Survived a few drops and the dishwasher (top rack). Will buy more.	2
It's very comfortable when I use during to exercise. Also sound is nice.	2
Didn’t work effectively, returned	1
quality is not great, the elastic is loose and it was short on my leg, I'm 5'6	2
Unfortunately this product is basically useless for my car. The material it's made with clicks my radios screen, so I have to put it on the vent closest to my wheel. Not a big deal except it pops off randomly and scares the crap out of me and with it and my phone being decent weight, it's enough to make you jerk your wheel. It also blocks alot of heat coming from my cars small vents. Overall, don't suggest. My husband has a magnetic one and it works so much better. Also not a creepy looking robot cat.	2
Product was exactly as described. Easy to install. We did however get a bubble in the corner on our phones. But not enough to send back or complain. We are happy with our purchase, and the speed of delivery.	2
The piñata came in. When I opened the box, I immediately noticed the holes on each corner of the piñata. This is due to the top of the piñata being bent. Id like a full refund or exchange for a new piñata. Thank you.	1
I like okay for what I paid for it, I'm having a little trouble getting it to light - other than that I didn't notice it not having a heat temp monitor..	2
This book was a good read. The scenario was fresh with current news which made it plausible. I would recommend it to anyone who likes Clancy-like novels	2
It works but good luck getting it off!	2
This is so easy to use and I think my coffee does taste better.	2
Very happy with this purchase	2
The remote is fun, the different colors are awesome. Battery life is a little less than I had hoped, but they are still very cool.	2
Exactly what I expected	2
Stopped working after 2 months.	1
My wife called these wife beater shirts. They are ok, but aren’t lasting well through the wash. Perhaps my wife is doing something to them as she really doesn’t like these shirts. Hmmmm	2
After the heroine slipped and fell for the third time on the same grease spill, I started skimming through the chapters. Silly, predictable with a lot of "funny" that felt forced. I added one star back because the story is clean, and I do appreciate authors who write romance without relying on sex scenes. Still, this story was just too fluffy for my tastes.	2
Very durable, expect it to last a long time. Buckle is removable as seen in attached pictures. Very durable. From a fashion perspective, it wont work with a suit as much but it is great for casual fits. 5 stars.	2
Good book on one of Germany's greatest fighter pilots.	2
Bought this because jt stated it was rustproof. Went to change the liquid out and boom. Rust. Disappointing.	1
Low germination rate, only about 10% sprouted and the ones that did died even with seed starter mix soil. Unfortunately, no Persian cucumbers for me this year =\	1
Junk never work just damaged the brick	1
iPad is great except the charger. As with my iPhone in the past, charger stopped working after 3-4 charges. I will have to purchase another charger and I hope previous one didn't damage the charge port as the charger's pins look slightly rough. Happy with ipad but very unhappy with the charger.	2
Absolutely Giant. Order in the next size down. Or dont order this at all...	1
Very very wide shoes. Only good for babies with extreme foot chub in comparison to foot length. The velcro also doesn't hold well at all. Super cute, though.	1
possibly the most bland, uninteresting sci-fi film ever produced	1
This book read half I can not read, do not know how to say, may be my problem	1
I like the book I was supposed arrive in two days now it’s going to be five days hopefully I’ll get it before I leave on my trip!	1
I just started taking this product, so not sure exactly how well it will work. But so far, aches and pains have been lower	2
I would like a refund, product was not white and the bow is MUCH smaller and looks dinky...	1
As described easy assembly	2
I don't know if it's the holes or the raised bumps in the slipper but they hurt to stand on for any amount of time. Like little nails all over my feet. 3 stars...	2
Love love love this product! Exactly as pictured and it works great!	2
I haven't had this long, so far I like it.	2
Had it in my pocket most of the time, didnt use it too much at all and it just fell apart	1
I didn’t need this part so can’t review it. It looks like a good quality part though.	1
Unfortunately one of the glasses was broken when they arrived. I'm very disappointed	1
Keeps the car very organized~ all of the pockets are nice and like the color.	2
Fits my Blaze frame perfectly. Is a handsome color and style, but even the large size feels a bit small compared to the original band. That said, it still fits well with some room for adjustment in either direction.	2
They hurt my fingers when i use them. Not of good quality.	1
These really are one of the coolest toys you can give your kids. My only issue is they are pricier on Amazon, but sometimes there is no availability at retailers so I am still glad the option is there.	2
Disappointed. Product came a day late after being notified it was out for delivery and would be delivered before 9pm. After 9pm, was updated delivery delayed. New delivery date for following day. We had an early flight and would miss delivery so I could not bring this with me and it was a gift...also left with no time to get new gift before leaving. Came home to find package with item-opened it and it was damaged, box dented and cracked. Somewhat expensive for what you get too, small lamb and small book. Overall, very disappointed.	1
Original Yamaha remote, aside from the lack of a battery, like the original. For this price, include the button cell...	1
Works as described except for the extender. The extender would turn off after 5 minutes and have to reconnect. Instead of messing with new firmware driver's, I decided to return the product.	1
Installed 1 month ago and the first time it rained, one of the lights filled with moisture. Poorly made	1
I can’t address the specific product yet as I have not used it. What I want to address is delivery. This package was left in my mailbox, which I’m sure is against policy. It wasn’t handed to an individual as logged on my account. If I hadn’t been standing in my living room looking out the window, I wouldn’t have known it was there until postal delivery tomorrow. This isn’t the first time something like this has happened. Items have been left not only in the mailbox but also in the driveway under floodlights, on a stone retainer we have out by the street and also on a concrete wall in front of our house. I can see why people don’t receive packages. Either the policy is to hand it off or leave by the door, not other scenarios I’ve described. I realize it’s 19 steps up to my front door, they signed on for these conditions. Sorry to complain but I believe in being truthful and earning your pay. Thank you for listening. A disgruntled customer. I’m sure I’m not alone, but there isn’t a forum to address a problem with delivery.	1
I was so inpressed by this! Must buy!!	2
Lots of room to plug stuff in.	2
Not loud enough. Easy transport fits in pocket	2
Asked for the original and got a knockoff	1
Fit my phone perfectly. No issues so far. Can't really rate the durability as I haven't had it that long.	2
I like it very much, the quality and the packaging are very delicate, and the seller is very careful. The candle can be completely burned out. I use the essential oil of lavender, so I can't smell the smell of the candle!	2
Great cover if you only need it to last for 3 months. Disappointing that a car cover meant for the outdoors falls apart after that short of time.	1
The quality seems to be good but the color stains my laptop.	2
I was really looking forward to getting this hat and I was so let down when I FINALLY did. To be blunt, it’s cheap, tacky and clearly not made well. It’s about half the size of the picture on the model, it has NO shape whatsoever and to top it off, the top of the hat had a huge hole! On top of the disappointment of the hat being junk, it states it’s PRIME and took 4 days to arrive. I hate giving bad reviews but, this hat is beyond bad.	1
Ordered a pair. Once I got my hands on them, I ordered a few more pairs. My only real complaint would be the grooves cut in them. They are truly unnecessary. The silicone material is pleasant to touch, while still providing plenary if grip in the fingers. The grooves are overkill and take away from the experience for me. Seller should strongly consider making an optional version without any grooves cut into the grips. If they did, I'd buy several more instantly. The thinner of the two is my favorite. It's very similar to the grip of the Wacom pen I spent years using.	2
Thanks! Fit my vehicle	2
Cute material not very comfortable	2
I bought this wallet as a gift to my friend. He surely loves it a lot. And the is amazing. Trust me if you buy this, you gonna love this.	2
My daughter loves it! We got it for her 2nd birthday and she didn’t get off of it for over an hour. She keeps talking about it any time we are away from it. Only thing I will say is make sure you have a drill, some of the predrilled hole are wrongly spaced and too small for the screws. You’ll need something other than you hand to get them in all the way. As long as you have a few basic tools lying around, you’ll be fine	2
I love the storyline of this series. The characters are different from the traditional murder mystery. However, I wasn’t able to give it 5 stars as the writing had some major flaws and there are typographical and grammatical errors needing to be corrected. All in all though the series is a good fast read	2
I loved this crock pot, but then the inside crock cracked after the second use and the return period has passed. Unfortunate.	1
These are not at all what I expected. They are about the size of a thimble, absolute garbage	1
Great Product, especially for the price! I have been wearing my silver band for 2 weeks now and it really makes my bracelet look 10 x nicer! Best upgrade for the Flex 2 rubber bracelet bands that you can buy.	2
Rusted after one hand wash and air dry. Disappointed	1
Super handy pencil sized level for my tool-pouch. I sort-of wish it also did plum, but then it would be bigger and then I'd stop liking it.	2
Cute and comfy light weight sweatshirt. Could wear with leggings or jeans.	2
Candy is nothing to be impressed with. Tin much smaller than expected but candy was full size. So it had about 7 pieces in it. If you collect tins it’s cute it did come dented. It gets 2 stars because it came with a cute little tin. I won’t order this again.	1
Great for the 100 mile trip we took; however, the zipper gave out after we packed to go home. We were lucky was at the end and Hubby was able to tie it down get us home.	2
Excellent in every way.	2
These did not work on my dog's tear stains	1
Never arrived. Damaged in shipping? Had to order a different one from a different company days from Christmas, arrived in time!	1
The best but expensive.	2
Works in a pinch, but it is very sensitive to movement so makes it difficult to work in a tight spot.	2
From the moment I purchase them I was skeptical at the fact that they’re reusable. I thought they would stink and only hold so much before they start to leak. But with just one I have 9 days with it and still it hasn’t smelled like a pad that’s been peed on or pooped on! And not once has the pee gone through, it’s amazing	2
Next to useless. Don't try these in a Maine winter.	1
If you didn’t get results from this then you’re doing something wrong or you didn’t wait the full time. I’ve read in a couple negative reviews where it says, it’s been 2 weeks still no coralline, you guys have got to be kidding I hope. It says right on the bottle and in the directions that it can take up to 8 weeks. If you are having trouble with this product then you need to test your aquariums water. I have used this in 2 separate tanks now and between 1 and 3 months I got an explosion of really nice different colors all over my rock. I have some green algae from before but it now won’t grow on any rocks that have the spots on them. Will never run a tank again without using this.	2
The gloves itself are super cute but they do not work on touch screen at all so I was very disappointed cause that was the purpose of me purchasing the gloves.	1
Does everything I needed it to	2
Inexpensive. Holds what I need	2
Really soft, good quality for low prive	2
They arrived on time. I had printed cards to insert based on the dimensions given and when they arrived I realized the dimensions were the exterior not the interior of the badge holder. I had to redo the badges.	2
Nice watch good size classy and sporty look	2
It's ok - had to return as it didn't fit my bottle - didn't have any problems with it.	2
I wasn’t sure about ordering clothes online but everything I bought in this order fit exactly like I expected I was very happy	2
Stand Setup This stand comes in 4 separate pieces of acrylic. You are required to remove thick plastic that is wrapped around each piece of acrylic in order to see each clear acrylic piece. It’s a bit of a rough task as the edges of the acrylic are sharp from being laser cut. Putting the four pieces together is pretty obvious, but you can tell right away that this isn’t a very sturdy stand. If someone removes a push pop from the middle, the stand becomes pretty unstable. We used this at a kids birthday party, so we had to make sure that the push pops were evenly distributed after a kid took a push pop. Even with all of that, the stand looks okay. If you’re handy, it might be a good idea to super glue the stand together to make it stable. Of course, doing so makes the stand more cumbersome to store for future use. I removed a star for how difficult it is to remove the plastic sticker around the acrylic stand for setup. And I removed two stars for how unstable the stand is once it’s setup.	1
Ordered this to connect to bose wave radio. None of the connectors that came with it fit with my radio.	1
Too large and the middle section is useless! It has Velcro on each side to secure it to the outer shell but it does not secure to the bottom. unless the items are large /tall, they will fall under the middle insert.. I purchased this for my Frye Melissa Shoulder bag	1
I really didn't even use the zipper, one day it (zipper) had popped open (with the pull at the top). Tried to close the zipper and reopen/(get the teeth back together). The zipper pull fell apart (like it was made out of aluminum) it actually crumbled apart?? before that they were comfortable....	1
So far I love it for the price, it does record the highs and the lows and mine even come with the battery	2
These things are a major pain in the butt to put on and/or adjust. Not worth it!!!	1
Nice but they took 3 weeks to get here and I needed them for a mass mailing so stressful	1
Puma shoes always seem to run just a tad small. I wear a 7.5 and ordered and 8. They fit perfect. They are great for intense workouts and easy to clean.	2
Very dissatisfied with the picture. it was a semi , round drill.	1
This is snaller pan. Perfect size to heat up a couple pieces of pizza or 8 or so cookies. Has a nice easy to clean finish.	2
Delivered on time. It comes with thoughtful outlook.	2
Good addition to exercise and healthy diet	2
Wen if your seeing this. I'm not returning the entire generator, but can you replace this part for me? It came smashed on arrival.. But it wasnt shipping.. it was packed underneath the foam.. but in a place that caused the crack.	1
Shampoo works very well, packaged very well	2
2 broke almost right away, does not screw on properly..they are pretty but not a great quality	2
I like the sturdiness and how fast my iRobot moves around, It does pickup hair, dirt leaves my place looking clean. It mounts up on carpet, may get stuck under the bed or dresser. I suggest running it while someone is present to monitor it.	2
The quality of this 60V line of batteries is incredibly poor. For the price I would expect these to last at least a year, but within months of light use I have had 2 of them stop taking a charge. I do not recommend getting into the 60V line of Black & Decker products until they sort out their battery problem. I'll be reaching out to their support line, and will update this review if I have a positive experience, but I would still recommend staying away from the 60V line.	1
My son had been wanting a large squishie for awhile. I ordered these after reading the description and some reviews. After nearly playing with them twice, both of the squishies started tearing. Frustrated mom, and disappointed son.	1
It's very comfortable when it isn't wrinkled. Unfortunately, it wrinkles incredibly bad no matter what you do. The picture was taken fresh out of the dryer. The pillowcase also discolored very badly and is now very unsightly. Overall I would not recommend this set	1
Never came DO noT buy	1
Was broken when I received it	1
Did not fit my samsung galaxy plus 8 and the color was really off. The pic showed a bright red but it was more of a burgundy color. Not pleased at all.	1
At first I was a bit worried at the description of "cigar" scent, but was very relieved when I got it. The smell is more like a spicy vanilla, and doesn't smell like a musty old cigar. The hold is mild, but great to keep fly-aways from popping out of my beard.	2
I bought this for my little brother as more of a gag gift since he is left handed and always complaining about the way notebooks are made for writing right handed, but he absolutely loved it! After using at at school for a week he asked for more! Great product for those lefties out there!	2
I didn't like this phone mount. Perhaps it might be ok for others but not for me. I returned it and received a prompt refund. Thank you.	1
Didn’t receive my item said it got delivered , but I never recieved it .	1
Really awesome. Very handy for useful with laptop plugged into external monitor etc next to my office computer. Best laptop stand I've had.	2
fit like a womens shirt	2
I did not receive the product I ordered. The product shipped was certainly not the product advertised.	1
From the first chapter, I was hooked. I love stories that twist, turn, and keep the reader in the dark. This one did it.	2
Hard to get into - pretty slow	1
Great product. Automatically switches to hdmi port that is sending data. I would’ve given 5 stars except that the pip functionality is only for choosing which screen you want to switch to. Would have liked to have it implement a pip viewing option.	2
So very disappointed with the quality of the products. As I was filling the 0 balloon it popped as the seam was so flimsy leaving me with a 7 balloon for my dads 70th birthday party... annoying	1
It’s good for gr8 time passing for kids worthy for the price	2
Evan after washing them twice..they still feel rough on the skin.	1
My pair never worked and amazon is ignoring me, terrible customer service	1
I am ambivalent about rating this book. Although the author introduced a new candidate and motive for the murders (and apparently a real person according to the notes) the book is basically just a regurgitation of the victims' histories and facts of the cases. The resolution was interesting but, if you have any knowledge of the actual crimes, it seemed like a somewhat lazy endeavor.	2
Very cool usb cable to look at. Don't expect to see it light up in the daytime. Only problem I have is the micro usb universal fitting will start to loosen which means you could drive for a half an hour grab your phone and its not charged because the fitting wasn't all the way connected	2
repeatedly placing cell phone in stand causes the pads to slip, leaving a sticky trail that after a while, acts like glue, because more and more of it will appear. Had to yank phone free every time. Even glu gone wouldn't get rid of it. Trying to push it back in place only worked for the feet. It ended up in the give-away bag for charity.	1
While installing, the strap broke on one. This made it unusable.	1
Will be returning unfortunately. Locket is exactly what I was looking for but the magnets are crooked and don't allow for the locket to close properly. Also, the color of the gemstones are completely off from what is pictured. The August birthstone that came with it is more of a slightly yellow,green, clear color.	1
Used for a while, broken quality problems	1
The journaling bible itself is great. Yes, the pages are thin, but if they were thick the book would be too heavy. I add my own journaling pages, so the thinness isn’t an issue for me. The cover is beautiful. The copy that was shipped to me may have been a return or even used. The binding was coming apart between the pages and cover. I did not send it back because the shipping took longer than expected and I needed it for an event.	2
I like this product but it heats on both sides, I would never put it on my wall.	2
I have had this couch for a little less than a year. The cushions have compressed to the point of being flat, regardless of how much you “fluff” them. There is very little down in these, it’s a foam pad wrapped in feathers which poke through the lining. I wish I had known that after a few months these would be hard an uncomfortable, I would have bought something else, as they were not cheap! Of course it was right after the point of being able to return them. If the idea of down appeals to you like it did to me, keep looking.	1
I bought my first set of Nestl sheets (Queen size for our master bedroom) more than a year ago, and absolutely love them. They are incredibly easy to care for, fit the bed well, are wearing well, and are cool and very comfortable to sleep on. My husband has had no complaints, so that is a great testament how the excellence of these sheets. I recently purchased two more sets for use on two Full size futon mattresses. Our guests also found them to be very comfortable. I am thrilled to have found this brand and will continue to purchase Nestl sheets in future.	2
It stopped working after about a month of use. Very disappointed as it came highly recommended.	1
These are cute. I am using them in place of regular toothpicks for an appy platter. You can also use them as cupcakes decorations.I would recommend this product.	2
Just as I remembered. Glad these are still available for the next generation.	2
Smart and attractive looks, large reading lens . The arm attachment is poorly designed. Two microscopic screws holding the arm broke after 2 -3 uses . Got full refund from seller	1
Your delivery person delivered to wrong house AGAIN.. this is not # 38	2
They get the job done but the lock on mounts will break very easily if you over tighten a bit. As a result I don't feel these are the most secure but will work for my Ethernet project	1
Easy to use. Works great.	2
Not as good of a quality as I thought I would be getting. I put painters tape around the edges because they were sharp and already had rust. It was also dented in some places.	1
Does not stick well. Falls off of wall.	1
It wouldn’t read any of my disks. Fortunately I didn’t pay much for it.	1
Product never was received.	1
We like the weight and easy fold possibility of the rollator. The factor we most dislike is that the front wheels keep rotating when you are trying to go straight. Wish those wheels were steadier.	2
Pros: -Love the suction at the bottom to keep it from falling if you have baby in one hand - Love the top so you can put it on when you are on the go Cons: -Suction on your boob isn't great, you will have to stick and restick - Not an actual pump; only will catch milk falling if you are nursing on one hand	2
The pants have a belt loop sewed on backwards, so the all-black pants have a white stripe on them. I ordered a replacement, and it had the exact same defect. This seller is a scam for selling defective merchandise.	1
By the time I put everything in this it was too thick and bulky. I won't even use this.	1
It’s really nice and I plan on making it a template for other chokers	2
My foot didn't slip, but it dod not give that much cushion comfort.	2
I like supernatural books with strong independent female heroes. I also like books about American Indians. So the two should fit just fine. This book has many good points. But, I found the protagonist's attitude that I usually like was galling in today's environment. I did not want to read it yet again so I did not finish it. Anyway I blame my feelings instead of the quality of the book. The book is fine for its genre. I intend to try reading it again when I am not as saturated.	2
This toy getting 2 stars because I was able to cut the outer ring off and Vader was able to play with the center toy still. The outer ring didn't last 30 minutes, yes we timed it!! He has destroyed every toy given to him. I had hopes after reading the reviews that this could last atleast a month or two. Sadly no it did not survive for a day. But, the inner ball is still going simi strong after 4 days of play	1
The item received was completely wrong! I ordered a ROUND 5 TIER stand.. instead I received a SQUARE 4 TIER stand! Thanks to this mistake I had to spend hours shopping in town for the correct replacement. And by the way.. there’s a price difference from what I purchased and what I received .	1
The drapes are as described, except the fabric is shiny, not a mat finish as I had hoped.	2
the cable is all crooked I think it will be damaged soon	1
What can I say? They fit, they're comfortable, and only time will tell if they're durable, but by then they probably won't be made by the same manufacturer or they won't be available any more. Big business sucks.	2
Do not waste your time! These are tablecloths with strings attached. I am returning these.	1
Description said nothing about product shipping "bulk" / no retail packaging. Arrived two batteries in a zip lock baggie. NO idea if these are new or if they came out of someone's camera.	1
Gold confetti is a little hard to see and make the ballon hang funny.	2
Tastes Good. Mixes well with water.	2
It's ok, but a bit grainy.	2
The order arrived on time and works well. My grandson is happy with them and the price was right.	2
I bought these to cut shimano outer gear cables.The cuts were poor and I did better with wire cutters. I do not recommend this...get a more expensive tool...hopefully better quality.	1
This pet gate is the best thing ever! I love the little pet gate, and I love that I can lock it!	2
Belt clip broke off on second day	1
Way to small for my hands to go through but very well made for people with small hands and wrists	1
She is completely miscast in this. Acting seems forced. Not buying her as anyone vicious or cruel. Despite trying she just looks warm and loving and too classy. This is also like a slow moving , miscast , boring, makes no sense production... Cinematography is good.	1
To be fair as it is so new, we haven’t given it the ‘real’ test, but as we will only use it occasionally, we were looking more for the cute design! 😊. It’s adorable!	2
It was very interesting for me to learn about the the behind the scenes at the Whit House. I would have liked to have known a little more about Field's personal life (life outside the White House) is he could really have one.	2
The clock says "silent non-ticking" but ticks very loudly. Much louder than my old clock. I am a therapist and put this clock in my office and clients noticed it right away. Very distracting. Not happy with the false advertising.	1
Goes on the iPad pro 11” 2018 and fits correctly. Confirmed: this has a cutout for the Face ID camera and does not interfere with that function. Edges nicely beveled and the screen is properly responsive. My only complaint is that it lacks an install alignment tool.	2
Works great but is broke...apparently it got smashed n mail but still works...like wtf man.. Smh	1
Great quality. Good size. Nice features!	2
seems very confortable	2
It was a mistake for giving a good review,only one week , it doesn't work, terrible!	1
They are confusing and you have to push harder than normal to get them to stick but work well when you can finally get them in place	2
Our twins are nine years old and we felt it would be too young for them. They love them. It would have more of an educational value for younger children. We would definitely buy again just for the play value. Quality is good and our girls love it.	2
I've used this Remington daily for the past couple of years and during that time the plastic guard has broken twice. It's a shame because the clippers work well apart from being very loud. Holds a charge for a very long time. I am purchasing a different brand instead of replacing the guard again, which is almost as expensive as new clippers.	1
Very good quality. Looks great. I love it!	2
It worked pretty good once the skin was opened up and sprayed on. Didnt even feel the coloring.	2
TL;DR: Save your money. Buy command hooks and metal rods if you are looking for a cheaper solution. Exactly after a month the holder broke. The curtain rod is metal, but the end-holders are pure PLASTIC. huh. I bought two and now I have to find command hooks to hold the metal rods in place.	1
Standard small tank heater. Works well out of box. Probably good up to 20-30 gallons	2
What more can I ask for. As a fitness model I have I have been trying to reduce meat consumption. This has helped do that 2 bars a day with my meals I am meeting my macronutrients! Peanut butter chocolate is the only good flavor in my opinion. Update: took away one star because they raised it by 6 dollars a box	2
My 2 month old loves staring at this! I bend it around her carseat handles (it sticks together via sewn in magnets) keeps her entertained until she falls back asleep.	2
Well built and a good looking piece for the price.	2
They are well made and fit my 5 by 7 cards perfectly. I will buy them again!	2
Kaboom works well with my very hard water, better than any other product I've tried.	2
I bought it for use in aircraft in high altitude of flight time 16 hours and above Unable see any indication on card as yet - probably nil or very Low radiation flying over North Pole	2
The description says it doesn't come with WEIGHTS - does not mention anything about a base. I would not know that they mean for "weights" to describe the base. The umbrella will not stand without the separate purchase of a weight - so this is useless sold as is. The picture shows it with a base so obviously any normal person would think it comes with that. In the Q&A portion someone says the base has to be filled with sand - to me that means it's weighted down. I was so pissed and of course there's nothing I can do but spend another $150 on a stand. I'm having this issue more and more frequently on Amazon where they don't give you a correct description, don't match the pictures shown, and use tricky wording.	1
This thing is beautiful! And a larger mug then I thought. Gorgeous dark navy blue color. We love it	2
I purchased this to match my little Elsa for Halloween. Nice quality for the prince. I wear a 12/14 and the XL fits me nicely.	2
This was a waste of money. When the 1st 2 did not install properly, i thought i was clumsy. But another couple of tries (with more locks), i realized it's a bad design. Still have some of them left, which I did not even bother to try. And the 'free' corners included are not self sticking. Don't know how that would work. I guess that's what you get for trying to be cheap. Don't waste your money on this - spend some more & get something that will actually work.	1
These little lamps are great I only gave them a 4 because one of the cords does not work but if they send me a replacement it would be a 5	2
I use these knee strap for hiking and fitness. I only use one for my right unstable knee, but it's always good to have a second strap as backup. The knee strap gives me extra support especially when I'm hiking on uneven or hilly roads.	2
Junk sorry. Leak an very flimsy. But biodegradable	1
I use these every day both at work and for my commute. My customers complain about the quality of my sound but they CAN hear me, which is what's important, and I wasn't intending to buy them as a work purchase so I'm not going to knock off too many stars for not being professional grade.	2
As a fair skinned gal, this was perfect. The only thing I would like that was different would be a better carrying handle/strap.	2
I could not figure out how to play this game. It kept freezing every 5 seconds.	1
That was a very learn-able book. I am reading this book all of the chapters I found lots of essential information it's very helpful for Learning Techniques, Sharp Memory, Increase Reading Speed. I applied this book all of the instruction I got find a better result. I truly appreciate this book. Thanks	2
Works, but feels very cheap and thin. Worth the price, but not much more.	2
I have 2, one of them is jammed	2
Functions flawlessly one is so sturdy and totally worth the price you are paying for! They also charge quickly. I have these all around the house. I feel more secure with this cord.	2
So nice, but so HOT. I’ve always wanted a down comforter, and heard great things about this one and with the price I figured I couldn’t beat it. It is so hot though I can’t take it, and I’m a cold sleeper who never gets warm at night.	1
There's a spot for the USB receiver, but if you place it in that spot, it just rattles around freely after you close it with a controller in. The USB receiver holder slot should have tension to hold the receiver in tight during transport so it doesn't rattle around.	1
I received one pink and 3 brown, which was disappointing. other than that, they are as described.	1
3 stars because I got halfway through and found the writing so poor that I almost put it down (and put myself out of misery). Way too many random thoughts that do not make for a good plot builder. Impossible to follow. I am a stickler for organized writing that paints a mental picture that readers can build on, characters you can fall in love with, one that's too interesting to put down, that has an actual climax and awesome ending, and leaves you craving more. This book has none of that, although after suffering through (because I hardly ever quit on a book), I was vaguely satisfied with the ending. Sadly, I do not recommend this book.	2
Poor customer service. Battery has week power	1
Sometimes it works great	1
The earrings are beautiful YET 1 wouldn’t stay on & it ended up falling off in the store so now I have only 1 earring left.	2
It works great. It goes up to 10 Not 5 because that doesn't work especially for thick fingers.	2
Received the item and it was broken	1
makes the cabinets look like new	2
bought these for my 9 year old step son, he LOVES them	2
We needed a new wall clock, thought trying out radio controlled, works fine, easily set, but you get what you paid for ... cheap. If you have a beautiful wall and think about getting this clock to fulfill the time telling, skip this style it feel cheap and look cheap, it will ruin everything else on you wall.	2
Four of the batteries refused to recharge after many attempts.	2
I love the support and comfort it provides while I go on my walks. They don't slide down on me so I don't have to constantly stop and adjust them.	2
Better than I expected. A little annoying that you have to enter all the details of your vehicle in one section, but in another it can look it all up. Worked good for reading SRS codes on a 2013 Equinox	2
Terrible product. It breaks as soon as you open and they delivered the wrong model	1
These coasters do exactly what they are supposed to do. They are absorbent but don't soak through to damage the furniture. I love the minimalist look and compact holder.	2
Great fan that is a lot more powerful than I was expecting. However, the motor is way louder than my bigger fans I have and takes time to get used to.	2
Not compatible with Verizon mocha network.Verizon Fios never recognized this device.	1
The size was good for two and for camping	2
I am a big earphone critic and I LOVE to lIsten to music! I pay very good attention to the quality of the sound coming from the earphones. When I bought the Galaxy s8, the earphone quality was so spectacular that I wanted to keep them forever, and would continue to buy them when they died. I found these and was so excited, but when i listened to them the quality wasn't as good. These are not the original pair of earphones due to the lack of sound isolation, bass, and just overall quality. Still plan to use but will be looking for a better quality pair.	1
Tablets are a bit too big	2
I like that they are made from recycled paper but I dont like that they are individually wrapped in plastic film. I will not reorder. again due to low absorbancy and especially the individually wraped towels in plastic film.	2
Looks great and functions great but the clip digs into my wrist but everyone's different so it might not be a issue but after a long day it hurts	2
Quality product and detailed plush	2
treats are tiny for 50 pound dog, tried to cancel at least 5 times, I cannot get this to STOP	1
My son loved this but it's very poor quality. Returned.	1
For a paper straw they are quite sturdy almost hard really. They of course soften as you use them but I found them too hard and too small in diameter for my taste. Also there is no coating so you taste the paper everytime you sip. They also stick to your lips. I think they are a very sturdy, durable paper straw. Just not the kind I will buy again.	2
Never received not sure where it was delivered I asked post office and they do not know who has it	1
My skin were close to blue color and no pigmentation	1
Shipped quickly and well packaged	2
Great price looks good...easy installation. This one I have on my 2019 trail boss and have no problem with the tailgate going down.	2
I bought this charger for my iPhone Xs and am very pleased with it. My iPhone is in a Caseology case and there is no interference with charging. I'm currently using it in the upright position but I have also tested it with the phone laying flat on it. I'm very satisfied with the charger.	2
I like the versatility of this bottle; the filter is nice to have for "rough" traveling in case I need to fill with water from a stream, or simply to remove the horrible chlorine taste from city water. If I use my own purified water, then I simply take out the filter and use the straw instead. I like the one-handed flip top because it is easy to use in the car when driving. Overall it's a really nice design and BPA free is really important to me.	2
"Fuzzy" thread. Continually caused issues w/ machine & thread breaking (Janome "workhorse" machine that usually works well w/ most any thread). Much better thread available at similar prices. Previously bought a different brand and never had a problem using in my Janome or Computerized Brother. Colors were little disappointing too.	1
Bought twin size. It took appx 5 min to assemble with help from a 3yo. Worked as expected on old bed frame with a foam mattress (Nectar) placed on top.	2
I take papaya enzymes because they really help protein digestion, which dampens down my acid reflux. The fruity flavor is mild and very pleasant - I have to restrain myself or I'd eat them like candy. So, why the 2-star rating? Because I thought I was just buying a bigger jar, only to find out that they are MINT-flavored. Nowhere on the front of the bottle does it indicate the flavor, which it should if it isn't the original fruit flavor. I'm really disappointed with American Health for this. I just wasted $15!	1
Very comfortable. Love the ability to adjust.	2
Gone in 60 seconds....not a chew that will last	1
Does not fit large folding chairs. I have an auxiliary use for the bag so I am not taking a loss on the purchase.	2
Love it. Very sturdy. This has protected my phone over and over again when my phone was dropped. It can keep my debit ans credit cards. No need for a purse.	2
Nice water bottle BUT does not look like photo. The bottle is clear and the llama stickers are very light / almost clear like.	1
Not very good quality. I’m sending it back.	1
Honestly the taste i get from the coffee i make in this french press is not the greatest and in my opinion is because it is due to getting metal rather than glass. This was actually my replacement for the glass french press that i had. When it comes to making loose tea though this is definitely my preference though primarily I am a coffee drinker.	2
I bought a size 10.5 and it was to tight if not for that the shoe was very nice.	2
These cat butt magnets look good and have plenty of strength to hold notes, cards, lists, etc. onto your refrigerator, but they are fragile . . . About a week after I received them and had four of the six holding a notice on my refrigerator door - I brushed my shoulder against one and it fell to the floor from a height of almost 6 feet. The result was a tail and leg completely broken off, and I now have five cat butt magnets. So I'm giving them 4 stars because they should have made them out of a stronger resin, or possibly a material that's more pliable and less prone to break on impact. Lesson learned - I now only use them on the side of my refrigerator where there is less chance of another one getting knocked to the floor and broken. I usually lose my refrigerator magnets because the magnet part detaches from the body of the magnet. No such problem here - it appears that they used a very strong glue and the magnet will stay attached.	2
Glue was visible and the foam ripped off after a single use when I tried laying down on it. Good idea, terrible execution. I understand it’s only $17, but I expect the foam to last longer than a day. Will change my review if they reach out to me	1
Used this diaper for 1 night and here’s the result! Makes me so angry when I spend my time looking for something that should be natural and better for my child and I end up with this. Seems to me honest company isn’t very honest. Do not buy this	1
I like the design. I like the ease of washing. I just don’t like the way nylon curtains occasionally cling to you in the shower. A different, arched shower rod, maybe.... Basically, happy with the purchase and selections available.	2
Don't waste your money. Repaint with clearcoat good quality spray work. Yep hard way but the right way that works way better than this crap.	1
The plastic fitting on the end of the charger breaks. Still useable just annoying because you have to pull it back to plug in.	2
This is good for a desktop and you need it to fit in a small space. If you do not constantly add ice, it will not produce cool air the way an AC unit does. And even still, it is basically just a small fan. Good for bedside white noise or small airflow, not good for cooling a room down. I used for an 8x12 room and it did not cool it down even a little bit.	1
These work great, will order more. Saves money on buying a bigger bra.	2
I like the back of the case and it gives my phone a good accent. The edges of the case are really flimsy and have torn/ripped in some areas.	1
absolutely nothing like the picture. design looks blurry like they just took a random skeleton image and blew it up without caring what it looked like	1
I was looking for something comfortable to wear around the house, and the product copy suggested these shorts would fit the bill. Indeed they do! They're almost like wearing nothing at all. I'm very happy with them.	2
The bird has to be jammed into the house to stay, and is made of very cheap plastic.	1
This bike is beautiful, but I had to spend over $80 to fix both wheels not including labor. Screws were bent and the bike was just very dangerous to ride if I just left as is. Very disappointed in this bike, I wish I didn't make this purchase, but I already invested into this bike. I still love the looks and how its a multi gear with a rack on the back, but it just sucks to receive it in such terrible condition. Be aware of bent/broken pieces. Safety first.	1
Difficult to keep in tune. Better than some other cheap guitars, but not good enough to be a starter guitar. Works as a toy, but not really an option if you are serious about learning to play a guitar.	1
Works ok but the pressure valve included leaks at 25 psi..the tank is 45 rated..o must buy a new valve if I need 40 plus	2
Charges good and fast but overheats	1
As usual Carl Sagan in full of great insight.	2
It was easy to setup even without a manual. It has a clear picture both night and day. The only negative things I have to say is that I wish the movement was in smaller increments and the two-way audio was a little louder. Even though I only gave it 4 stars I like it enough to buy another one.	2
These were good, just did not like that they did not ship out on time.	2
Very light and comfortable	2
This product is amazing!! Made my teeth whiter after one use. I’m going to buy again, brilliant price for how well it works	2
Don't like crushed tubes.	2
work great and comfortable	2
Go on easily - low matte finish-look better than Totes	2
I put no more than 2 hangers per slot.. 10 hangers total. The plastic gave way and wouldn't stay on my rod in my closet	1
I really wanted to love this and have used it multiple times. It is lightweight and fits quite a bit, but it won’t stay down while running. I only put my phone and car key in it, and it always rides up to my kid section while running. It’s too late to return it now, so I’m stuck with it- so I will only use it on weight training days. :/	2
took way too long to arrive, was very very thin and the 2xl fit like a medium	1
The book was lost, but they sent me one right away. I would buy from them again.	2
Product received does not match photo. The product in the photo is a previous generation and much thicker gauge compared to the new product.	1
Price was decent; it is thin, fairly attractive looking though not particularly robust in construction. However, it does not block RFID. Many wallets that are advertised as RFID protective are not.	2
I did get a few pots of arugula growing, but somehow I thought 1000 seeds would result in more plants!	2
My husband spent 3 hours trying to make this game work. After an hour I suggested giving up, but he wouldn't. He went from tv to tv hoping, but it would never calibrate. He finally called it quits at 3 hours. We sent it back.	1
I researched what sofa to buy for our first apartment for a solid week before picking this one. I was excited about the sleeper sofa component and the mid-century lines. I’ve had it for about two months so far, and my excitement has faded. It was super comfortable for the first two weeks or so, but now it has become increasingly lumpy. I’m not sure how to explain it, but it feels like random uncomfortable spots have sprouted up here and there. My wife and I have to change positions every ten minutes or so to stay somewhat comfortable. I’ve also noticed that it’s become a bit less sturdy. One arm of the sofa is nearly rattling now, but I’m not ready to wrestle with the thing again to try to fix the arm (assuming I can). It’s not a bad sofa, but it definitely isn’t what I thought I was getting after reading all the positive reviews. If you’re looking for something for a spare room or office, go for it, but this isn’t built to be a main piece of furniture.	1
Detroit is a great game!!! The graphics, the story, and the gameplay are amazing!! Best looking game I've played on the PS4. I highly recommend it!	2
Work uniform shirt is white, these are great to use to remove the coffee I spill on my shirt 5 times a day.	2
Not happy with quality or usability. Bought two sets - one for wife and one for me. On one pair, the port on the earbud where you insert charging cord broke (came off) when I was removing the cord after the very first charge. That didn't happen on the other pair but I found them to be very difficult to pair - connected to my phone ok but it was hard to pair them together so that sound came out of both buds at the same time. Also, had to go online to find instructions to do this as the instructions included in the box were full of typos and impossible to follow. Wish I would have listened to the many poor reviews before buying them.	1
Sneezy sure sang a lot. If you like Hank and his music you should like this.	2
Never got to test the collar out. The very first time I put it on my dog the plastic clasp that holds the collar together broke. I was not using it to attach a leash to as she has another collar on for that. Very unhappy with the quality of this collar. I have another shock collar and it has worked well.	1
Great shirt for nursing !	2
Pro: perfect size for our space, cheap Con: poor construction-you get what you pay for. Didn’t fit together well when built. We used wood glue for all joints and parts and now it’s not solid. So in the end, we made it work.	1
I bought a box of 6 because it was more economical than my local store. The problem is that half of them were badly broken and can only be used crushed up for some purpose.	1
Item as expected and described.	2
We ordered a 24 pack and received only a 12 pack	1
Nothing is perfect so no 5. Lost one and bought another. Great leash for a little freedom and a short hoop for control. My dog can chew through anything so didn’t rate the chew factor.	2
Bad battery, speaker and touchpad	2
Cool cup but it’s got a mark on it. I’m giving it as a gift so I don’t have time to return it. Otherwise it looks great!	2
Product was as described. Works well. I have it in my glove box and connects up automatically if my phone was last device.	2
Came with a DVD and book of instruction	2
Blacks out light, the only light is the light the leaks in from the edges.	2
There ugly as shit. Don’t look like they do in the pictures Beware	1
It’s used by many people wasn’t new at all Very stringy and stretch our hair was falling out of the wig	1
Love these but the main reason I ordered was for the silver pair and one broke immediately. 😞	2
Horrible doesn't work don't waste your money	1
This fits fine and stays in place but I wish the cut was a little different. I don't like the cheeky cut of the bottom, it's not flattering because the way it's worn (like a one piece) just digs in a bit instead of making your butt look cute. The cut on top is good except for under the armpit. It just doesn't sit right if you're a little busty. Overall good purchase for the price for wearing with a high waisted skirt and going out. I'd probably love it more if my chest was smaller.	2
I say these are a great idea and definitely beneficial to collect those extra drops, until it leaks into the bra and shirt from the bottom. I didn’t know what was happening until it was too late! The milk just started seeping through the seal of the bottom on the collector dispute it being closed correctly (I double checked). It was great while it worked and eye opening as to how much I personally leak but I can’t change my bra/shirt every time I wear these. I might as well go back to wearing the breast pads.	2
Great bag... just wish it had an extra pocket inside.	2
I do not recommend buying these screen protectors when you peel them off the screen protectors sticked to the number 1 I wasted all 3 protectors in 5 minutes.	1
I ordered their product and it arrived quickly and performed as expected. However, a week or so goes by and the swivel clip breaks, ☹. Contacted Fogeek about issues and they sent out a replacement item quickly! Once again satisfied with product AND their Customer Service. 😁	2
First attempt in applying came out fairly well, however, all the bubbles did not disappear. Maybe my second will produce better results/	2
The grabber is longer, which is nice. Although it did not have much of a grip on the grabber end...	1
This glass is awesome and came so fast!!! Thank you SO much!! You guys must have worked overtime!!	2
I am 5'10", this came above my ankles and was VERY tight. I am 150 lb	2
no good as you thank	1
This seller is promoting fake 5 star reviews. Do not trust any 5 star review for any product by them.	1
Wow! These are great eyelashes! So easy to put on, don’t even feel them and they look pretty natural, not super long but that’s how I like them	2
Feel pretty good but condom broke.	2
Sounds like plastic while sleeping on it and it often comes undone.	1
I was disappointed at how brief the story is for the money I spent. I expected more about Con's life, not just a rehash of what I read in all the other books.	2
Although a good price write out the gate there not grey	2
The longest one lasted less than a week.	1
This is the first security system that I have personally owned, so I can't really compare it to others. The biggest reason I decided to purchase this one was due to the price. This does not come with an internal hard drive, but it can still be used via Wi-Fi, however you will only have access to the cameras via phone or a monitor screen. I did not try to install an internal hard drive, as I usually use mine with my phone to monitor the cameras manually. It was not easy to set up, but I can't imagine any security system that is easy to set up. The picture quality isn't great, 720p at best. The programming for the system itself is not easy and the instructions do not help at all. I would say overall for my personal needs this works, which is why I gave it a 5 star. If you are really concerned about security, I would not recommend this at all.	2
Package includes only 60 sheets of photo paper NOT the 108 advertised!	1
Its just ok.. Still had bugs.	1
They work fine the only problem I have is that it came with 3 plug ins. Only 2 will work.	2
It’s not the best roach food on the market, not even close, but it is the fastest to arrive.	2
This are better than i expected. Really good material!	2
Received just one box containing 5 refills. Was expecting a total of four boxes.	1
Really good quality. And it really works.	2
I've had my printer for years, and I use dozens of the same type of cartridge per year. This time I ordered at 2-pack of HP 62 black ink. Strangely, the first cartridge is fine, but the second one cannot be accepted by the printer. I've tried other cartridges to ensure that it is only this one that is faulty. Every time I try to install, printer tells me to "remove and replace to insure proper installation." Again, it's not my printer. It's just the ONE cartridge. Bummer. Ink isn't cheap. Furthermore, the return window closed (it's been exactly a month), and of course I couldn't have known that the 2nd cartridge wouldn't work until now. I feel Amazon should replace with a working cartridge under these circumstances, but apparently it's too late. Crummy.	1
Horrible hinge that broke after mild use. Asus build quality is trash.	1
very nice for the money. all the bottoms stayed on	2
I love the space and the ability to switch the pieces to make it fit to your needs. I like that its large and has a mirror so you don't have to pack one. I however did not like the top part the has a mesh zipper pocket and elastic holders for hair tools. If you put anything more than a few small items or flat things in the top part it will not zip. I tried putting a brush up there with a couple toothbrushes, hair accessories and medium hairspray and it would not zip until I removed both hairspray and brush. Also one of the zippers on the larger main part where you would store the makeup has already broke.	2
microphone volume is very low	1
I was disappointed in this book. It is obviously self published. There are a lot of errors in the recipes as well as the information. For instance on page 13 in the book published in 2018 it states “When it takes your body more than 72 days to produce a bowel movement...” The error still exists in the 2019 edition. Wish I hadn’t purchased both of them.	2
Son loved this for his room door. Smaller than expected though.	2
Not working for me and yes you absolutely have to use a thin layer otherwise it will show when it dries. Also, do not move face while cream dries.	1
my hair is very wavy and brush didn't work	1
Product arrived on time but it was all downhill from there. Exterior box was a beat up Walmart.com box. The two individual products had no packaging and were just thrown in the box with some packing peanuts. Items appear used when described as new. Don't waste your time.	1
Does not fit the 20 gallon, but it fit my 45 gallon---so I could use it still.	1
You can’t buy a better pair of side cutters...	2
I play tennis and my big toe nail is constantly being slammed into my shoe. Pedicures are a joke and the nail just cracks and peels. I have been wearing these about a month and really see a difference. Hoping this summer my toe nails will get to looking decent!	2
Came really wrinkled but it’s cute	2
Overall it's been great. If the kid turns the wheel too hard the thing topples over a little bit. But the 2-in-1 aspect was cool and probably made for us being able to use it longer. I wish we would've bought it when the kids were even smaller though because that spot where the kid is supposed to stand is a little small(then again my kids have some big feet, sooo 🤷).	2
Heavy and durable but doesn’t prop up very well.	2
Not as good as Salad Games	2
Flickers when switch is turned on. Have to unscrew and screw back in each time for the light to work. Bugs used it as a perch	1
I received the product and it was too big for my car, but I was able to make it work. When I came here to write my review I realized the item I received is completely different than the item shown in the advertisement...	1
it's not as colorful as I expected but it's pretty and sparkly	2
I was happy to receive this item so quickly, however, the R2 button simply does not work at all.	1
Great for removing scrubs and getting the roots out with it.	2
Have to give it such a low rating since after 3 months of use it does not hold a charge. I cannot get a hold of someone in product support to find out if something can be done about it. Did research on my own to see if something was not set up right also had my daughter try to figure it out. Think it is just a defective unit. Very disappointed in this product for the money I spent.	1
Works pretty well, really. Definitely cuts down on pain, but I wish the brace piece inside it were a bit adjustable. I can say, definitely, definitely helped me get some rest!	2
Did not work at all! Sent it back!	1
I got this for my 81 year old mother very easy to use. She has no trouble with it.	2
They came neatly packaged but the taste of every flavor was just gross!!!	1
An excellent read. You actually the story is true. And again a point of reminding us that child trafficking is taking place all over the world. Received the book free from amazon	2
Took it out of the box, and it immediately stained my hands dark gray. Tried wiping it off, but it still left stains. Would not use this with any food!	1
Received product timely.looks good. Gave to my wife as gift. Fits good. Appearance good. Mot a five star rating due to no screen protector	2
I absolutely LOVE these! Perfect size, and so beautiful.	2
The case looks great but it's a little bit heavy for me. You definitely will have to wear a belt.	2
Cheaps plans are very enticing however you can miss on important calls and be without internet when most needed. I used AT&T version and had kept loosing internet in downtown areas.	2
Did not need more weeds. Would be zero stars if that was the option.	1
These come nicely packaged. Perfect for a gift. Lids stay on tight. I highly recommend this product.	2
Surprisingly good. Worth watching.	2
Doesn't come with a plug. you have to buy at least one and wire it up. Two of the light were cracked upon receipt. Only came with three mounting brackets, you need at least 12 for four lights. I did wire them up and surprisingly they do work. I do not expect them to last long. I am going to try to keep them for now. Would not buy again. Too lazy to send them back though lol.	1
Does it's job but collapses when you use it. Can't press up against your head when using to get a good curl but it works.	2
I absolutely love this tumbler! The picture doesn't do this design justice. The best part ... it fits under my single serve coffee station.	2
They don't work...after pairing them to my phone the music would just cut out. I do not recommend.	1
It's dim and has poor viewing angles. Even with the size of the numbers, unless it's under just the right light, you need to be up close to actually read it. And the glossy plastic overlay makes things worse with horrible glare.	1
Just received the small band and it seems awesome. Doesn’t roll and has a strong resistance. The only thing I’m really disappointed in is the false advertising on the actual color. I purchased the pink one because they showed a sweet neon/hot pink. What I received was a dark ugly pink. If I would have known that, I would have gone with black! The inside stripes are also blue and not purple.	2
Beautiful dress. My 5 year old loves it.	2
Works as intended to catch hair but gets grimy quickly. Many times causes water to back up. Have to clean it off pretty much daily	2
It's not what I ordered... it's covergirl concealer! I didn't order concealer, I ordered earphones!	1
Easy to install. Used needle nosed plyers to pull out the old one. works great.	2
Disappointed that the leg was bent upon delivery.	1
Could last longer it seems	2
Overpriced and very small skein. Watch the size before you buy	1
Beware if placed in the sun, the colors fade fast. Very disappointed	1
Absolutely stunning case very happy with the style everything would be perfect but RGB lighting was not working believe that fan controller is DOA at any rate Amazon honored it all in his replacing all the fans and controller	1
This is a difficult book to review. First because the topic and story is horribly depressing, and second because the writing is sub-par. True crime books are rarely happy ending stories and that's not what I was expecting here, but the story line suffered from a lack of cohesive approach with random things thrown in which had no bearing on the story. It skimmed the surface of what was going on in the clouded mind of the perpetrator, and gave short shrift to the core issues of domestic violence, drug/alcohol abuse, and dysfunctional familial relationships and its impact on young children. Ultimately I don't think the book accomplishes what it sets out to do, which is to examine what drove this young mother to throw two of her children off a bridge. Better editing might have helped this book . . . 2.5 stars but there isn't enough compelling factors to round it up to 3 stars. Disappointing.	1
Fragrance is too light. Doesn't last. Disappointed with this product.	1
I've used other shower squeegee before and it doesn't last too long and the grip is not too comfortable. I like this new curved handle, it is more flexible when cleaning, not easy to hit the arm. The flexible blade with a solid handle that gives a durable streak-free drying. It's good quality it's made using high-quality material with accuracy edge for reliable resistance free swipe. Cleaning my shower got much quicker and cleaner.	2
Nice shoe, keeps your feet warm. Not sure how durable these are but for the money not bad.	2
So far so good. Everything is working as expected. It does not go the full 10 hours, but I have used it only with the charge it came with. I just charged it for the first time and it took the advertised 2 hours to charge. I have used it exclusively to work out and run and the fit is very good, the earplugs have not fallen out or felt uncomfortable. Will update after I use them more extensively.	2
The stone started cracking on both sides and it’s only after 4 uses. Do not buy.	1
I saw someone with this on the street and had to get it as a gift for a friend who loves watermelon. The fan functions well enough and is easy to hold. The fabric is cheaper than I expected and you can see the glue spots on the fan spines.	2
Used this some years ago and happy to have it again. Great moisturizing. Love having the pump.	2
Becoming Quinn is the book that gives the back story on how Quinn came into existence, and became The Cleaner. This book cleared up details that are found in other books in the series.	2
The pads for the watch are spacious enough, but the circumference of the case isn't large enough to close without great effort stretching the material if the watch face is large.	2
Will not stick to screen being repaired	1
I like how well made the HDMI cables are. They’re very thick and sturdy! The problem is, it doesn’t fit the Cable Box I bought it for. Not sure what the problem is, but this is my 3rd attempt at buying HDMI cables from Amazon, and I haven’t been able to use any of them!!! The plug fits into my TV just fine. It’s the other end that is not compatible with my Cable box. I guess I may just have to go to a store and buy it! Very disappointed that I can’t seem to find an HDMI cable that works for me through Amazon!	1
I use this all the time. It's very easy to use, lightweight and can fit into most book bags	2
Cute and big enough to cover what I needed adequately, love it!	2
Got two for my daughters but one of them didn't like it. The colors are very vibrant but there's something to the look which is not that high quality if you know what I mean. Well, I guess for the price it is ok.	2
Love this book and all the pockets it lets you store in the book.	2
I purchased the phone as a gift for a friend , it was in Chinese and it couldn't be reprogrammed! Very unhappy	1
I bought a pair of these for my 11 yr old son. They worked fine for about 2 months, then the left ear started going out. He really liked the fit, so I ordered these again for him. Over this past weekend (right at 2 months) the left ear went out again. We have tried the headphones in other devices and it is definitely an issue with the headphones. I won't buy these again and I would caution you to stay away from them as well.	1
Good quality non stick ceramic coated pan. Very easy to clean and is great value for the price.	2
The mouse got caught and it escaped	1
One of them looks great. Its orange/pink like it's supposed to be. But the other is almost white. I'll have to return them.	1
It is good value for the price. But the ipad does not stay in the grooves easily and it often slides out. Perhaps if there was another groove and/or deeper grooves it would be better.	2
The lock box seems great. But the weather cover was not with it. If they’ll ship just the cover I’ll be fine. If not, I’ll be returning	2
I never received the product.	1
hard to lean them, they shrunk up after cleaning them	2
Did not come with the dvd that is suppose to come with the book	1
Q-tips do not fit well and hard to get out.	1
Flowers were falling off. Though it would be thicker but it was ok	2
Pieces are very small and thin. Colors nice but i don't think we will buy this brand again	1
A dark, sad, depressing movie. I thought it would improve as it went on. The end is depressing.	1
Please read the return policy before buying. The product came damaged and cannot return.	1
They sent me the wrong product.	1
Meet Me at the Museum is an epistolary novel that features two strangers who strike up a friendship through letters and a shared interest in an ancient man housed in a museum in Denmark. The letters express thoughts and feelings of each of the characters as they reflect on their lives and choices in their lives up to that point. Slowly, they become emotionally dependent on each other as they come to care about each others' lives through their letters. This is a beautiful, thoughtful book that explores friendship, life choices, and the need for connection in our lives. I would enjoy reading this again!	2
Loved the product, but it’s not at all durable. The cord broken within a month of purchase. I certainly expected better from GoPro.	1
Way smaller than size indicated. Almost no material in the front.	1
They look good and felt good, but the sizes are off. I usually wear a 9.5 and ordered the extra large which is size 9 to 10. These were too small. Since the XL is the largest size, I will be sending these back for a refund rather than an exchange.	2
The zipper broke before I got to wear the dress. The material is nice and heavy, however the zipper is poorly made and it broke the first time I put it on.	1
wish i had know you can't steer this. not worth the money for us.	1
I was looking for a Strawberry vegan protein powder and this fits the bill. It's a bit chalky as most vegan powders are, but the flavor is good and NATURAL. The protein content isn't as high as my Garden of Life protein but that is the only downside I can think of.	2
I used it for my baby mostly between 6 and 9 weeks and it helped some days while other days it didnt do much. She swallows a lot of air while feeding so she struggles with gas. Other problem is that its a lot for her to swallow, she spits out most of it so maybe thats why it doesnt work so great, she isnt taking in the full amount.	2
I was going through my past orders and saw this. Then I realized that I never got it. I forgot all about it.	1
I buy this product a lot and have never had a problem with it but this most recent shipment is hardly a gel..... it's more like a liquid. Did they water it down?	1
Exceptionally enjoyable story of two artists and a painting that intertwined between their lives. Very beautifully written and a real page turner.	2
Melissa & Doug, you reallu dropped the par level on these items. Cheap looking, felt covered plastic like horses. Sad, quality control is not there on these.	1
I saw these and thought no way each has its own wrapping and saying! will keep for fam, not hand out to tricker treaters!	2
Clamps are kinda hard to work with but I was impressed with everything else.	2
I wouldn't bother purchasing this the quality is so disappointing. My keys fell on top of it and it broke can you imagine what would happen if it hits the floor! Wrote to seller and got NO RESPONSE! So for customer service they also get a ZERO	1
We loved this tent. We set it up on our back porch and used it as an enclosed patio/ playroom. It held up pretty well until it rained. Water accumulated on all four sides of the canopy roof. unfortunately one day when I was at work during a heavy rain the water accumulated so much that the entire tent canopy frame and all buckled and collapsed. The frame was bent and irreparable. Was hoping the frame could’ve withstood rain.	2
nice quality, it could stand to be slightly heavier and have a wider base because it sorta tips over when getting your phone or trying to put your phone on it when in bed.	2
I tought there will be a badge a patch and a t-shirt	2
The picture shows the earrings as ovals but they are circles.	1
Works great. Installed it in my 25 hp mercury and have had no problems	2
a couple of them fell off within a few weeks, but the rest have stayed on so far. they're actually much smaller than i anticipated them to be, and the picture/description doesn't make it extremely obvious that half of them will come with a teeny hook,while the other half will come with a more average sized look (look closely at the photo). however, its worth the price its cheap i guess, but the white larger hook hangers (that are more expensive) definitely do the job better.	2
Love this screen protector. Fits the phone perfectly. Doesn't come off due to the case. Feels smooth. Leave smudges. Have to constantly wipe clean. No bubbles.	2
Definitely not a great toy for the intense chewers. Stuffed a few treats in it to make my pup work for it and instead he just gnawed a few parts of the rubber off within 3x of use. He does enjoy it, but this definitely won't last before I'll have to toss it for his own safety.	1
Orderd these tail light expecting at minimal to get the hardware no screws no bulbs no adapters for the bulbs found them at my local advance all in one kit same price very disappointed	1
Added to the side of my kayak so I could carry it easier . Worked great !	2
I have bought 2 of these. Both have cracks in them within the month. It did protect my screen, but this glass is easily chipped and cracked.	1
Pump takes some getting used to	2
I was so excited to receive these pens...but on my first time using one them (the bright colored pen) it snapped in two pieces. The product writes fabulously but has poor quality.	2
Concept, not quite ground breaking, but near it. Acting, very believable. Characters, truly relate able. Just an overall wonderful experience with acceptable flaws and inconsistencies. The attention to detail is much appreciated. Visually pleasing, yet subtle enough to feel plausible. I enjoyed the ride and was very impressed by the obvious passion put forth. Please watch this film in an uninterrupted setting. It draws you in. 4.5 STARS!!!	2
I tried to use all three of these tweezers and none of them could pull a hair out. The hair slipped right through the tweezers. Terrible!! Do not buy these tweezers.	1
This case fit my LG Stylo 5 perfectly, and it's not too bulky. I did a light bump test of the phone in the case on my counter top and it had some bounce to it. The stylo 5 is already so large that you really don't want a bulky case; this one does the job.	2
Works as intended, but I did notice that any appliance attached for power must remain in contact, or you will get intermittent power loss.	2
Didn’t like it at all. It was ineffective with just a partial small plug.	1
It's a foam topper. What can I say? can't imagine why anyone would pay 4-5 times the price. It's a piece of foam People! Don't expect it to change your life.	2
Be sure to watch the video. Very helpful!! Be careful to completely clean the screen!	2
Leaves residue on glass ware	2
We ordered the large for our 35 pound Basset mix (long and short), but it was too small around her chest and belly. We returned it. I ended up buying one from TJ Maxx.	2
These socks are so comfortable and I love the different colors.	2
This is a well made shield that provides excellent protection for the rider. It is not one of the more aerodynamic shields you can buy, and that may have an affect on your top speed. But it's a good shield for the money.	2
My SO needed these for his truck. They're bright and got perfectly into a 2004 model	2
These did not turn on .. need My refund	1
These covers are very cheaply made. They tore at the seams when I stretched them over my seats. And my seats are very standard size so it's not like I was trying to put the covers on something that was too big. Also, the bench seat covers for the back seat, the installation video even tells you to take scissors and cut holes for the seat belt buckles and anything else you want access to. Just my opinion but if I spend money on something I don't want to have to cut holes in it myself to make it work. Don't waste your money.	1
Our granddaughter is loving it, she gets to play and it gives her space to walk while keeping her safe	2
Sounds horrible. No good	1
The quality is great and color is very close to what they have on the display on the page. The size was good and met my expectation.	2
Never arrived in time, even though I am a prime member it took way longer	1
I have not been able to use it enough times to know about the battery, but i feel very satisfied with it	2
I found it intriguing!	2
The kid cracked when opening it after only about ten us s.	1
We have two cats that revel in kicking up litter and this mat contains about 90% of that mess. Love it! Love it! Love it!	2
This remote is a fake. There is no programming button. FAKE FAKE FAKE FAKE	1
This is not rose gold. It's clear... It looks nothing like the picture Seriously it's clear,n	1
Have yet to have any issues(aside from having a weird smell)... fun for camping - while letting the kidz setup a perimeter around campground.	2
Too bright for daytime use for me, but very good headlight glare reduction at night.	2
Half are saltwater test strips and the rest are freshwater	2
I've had this for a week or so and already not working. Battery is new, it lights up when holding the on button but won't stay on! I guess I got what I paid for! Cheap, not good quality at all!!	1
This arrived today already tarnished! Will be returning.	1
I'm a small person, and this keyboard is still way too cramped to be ergonomic. I only use it on the odd days that I work from home and need to create a makeshift workspace.	1
I bought it for myself but it was too small. Fit perfectly on my friend that normally wears a large in dresses and is 5'2. Almost impossible to find a bra to fit this dress because of the cut so don't plan to wear one.	2
Doesn't work. Spins about 20 seconds of that.	1
Wonderful book about the Holy Spirit and we need to know him better.	2
I like it. Very nice looking. Cheaper than a G-Shock. The only thing is the directions for watch are for a basic watch, not to the one I specifically have. It doesn't even tell you how to set the compass. Also on the right hand side is a red arrow on top of what looks like half of a globe always pointing up and words like Auto, STU, AL, TR & ST for which I don't have a clue what it does because the instructions have zero info about the watch.	2
excellent seller and would highly recommend. The packaging of the plants was much better than other online plant sellers, shipped promptly and the plant was well rooted. Its been a few weeks since I transplanted the plants in other pots and they thriving.	2
If I could give this 0 stars I would. It does not work. I bought because I had been having recurring strep. I thought I saw a faint line on my test that was done properly following the given directions but I wasn't sure. To check what a negative test may look like and compare, I put a new strip into a new test tube with no saliva in it and that test came out positive. How does that make sense?	1
It is uncomfortable and pulls the hair on my arms.	1
Media player works pretty good free is good	2
Very unhappy. Arrived on time and packaged nicely. Went to use it today for a photo shoot and the garland was completely knotted/tangled and after an hour of trying I ended up cutting the string entirely and just using the balls which is not what the original intention was.	1
works well, does the job	2
i have bought many sugar cake topper images off amazon before and they have come from a different seller and they were delicious. This one was NOT. The picture isn’t as vibrant as advertised but it is still a decent looking cake topper, my 6year old son was extremely excited about it. I had to trim it to fit on a 1/4 sheet cake because it was too big. I have tasted the previous cake toppers when I trimmed them and they tasted delicious so I popped a small piece that I trimmed in my mouth and noticed this one tasted very bland and not at all sweet. It was rather nasty. So I figured that it would taste better with the cake. Put it on and when it was time to cut the cake and dish it, not many wanted to finish their small piece. I had my small slice and sure enough it was still very bland and I apologized to my guests. I explained they could scrape their topper off and we did and the cake itself was yummy. I do not recommend this seller for sugar cake toppers.	1
I love Tom’s products, but this is the worst tasting toothpaste ever.	1
Everything was great, but it runs small, by two sizes.	1
The shoe looks good but is definitely for a child with a wide foot. My son has a wide foot but this shoe is even a bit loose on him. The design of the shoe really doesn't allow for you to tighten it. I would definitely only buy this product if your child has a very wide foot	2
I had an issue with the first one leaking. I contacted Amazon and the company shipped me a replacement no problem! Great spray gun and tips!	2
Really comfortable. I have dreadlocks and a big head and this is comfortable to me. I usually wear them like a head band, then I pull up around my locks when I sleep. The only negative is the design is really ugly on some of them. I like 2 out of each group. But I can wear the ugly ones to sleep so no big deal. Plus my son likes it so I gave him one. I plan to order more.	2
This lipstick is a dupe for MAC ruby woo. Good coverage. Last about 5 hrs before you have to re-up. Will order again.	2
Have tried to leave seller feedback twice & it is not registering, so a review will have to do. Ordered 4 panels. Three of them were soiled-not just in one spot, but throughout & one had a small hole. These had to be ironed & my old curtains taken down so it was not worth the hassle of returning them. Someone commented, "You get what you pay for." Yes, these were inexpensive. I accepted that the stitching was irregular on some of the seams, & even accepted the hole. What is not acceptable is receiving soiled items at any price.	1
Got a hole in the toe after a week or so.	2
Longer cords are slooooooow charging and they wear out within two weeks. Not worth the effort to return so you’re just out the cash.	1
came without flash light holder, very hard to use	1
It was for my husband who has limited use of his right hand. It wasn’t easy for him to use but that was the point, he needs to strengthen his hand.	2
Feels like the real thing suction works good too doesn’t have a smell to it when first opened and feels soft and smooth! Worth the money	2
We bought these 2 XL's believing they would fit similar to the 2 XL's we buy from a drugstore (their brand) same size 2 XL. These are SPEEDO'S as it turns out. My poor brother had a major blow-out with my poor Dad in the men's room, trying to get these off of him. We were under the impression the size was correct, and the care staff did not alert us they were a tad "snug". Our bad for never comparing the sizing-as you can see by the pictures-WOW!!! We still have 2 unopened packages (we stupidly opened all the others and put them in a supply cabinet), so we can't return the case. Lesson learned! These are more like a roomy large to XL ONLY! Be aware.	2
Great product, a bit difficult to clasp at first but once it’s done it stays snuggly secure and safe in place!	2
Really the only complaint I have is that the wallet is so thick that it's hard to fit anywhere besides the hand. Other than that, the magnetism is fantastic and the design is very aesthetically appealing. 4/10	2
Boots were cute, but runs small	1
This product works amazing as it mentioned. I would definitely recommend it.	2
LOOOOVE! If you own a cricut and want to engrave metal this is the product you need! It's so simple to install and use	2
I prefer target brand or Costco brand over these	2
They don't stay in place	1
I received 38mm instead 42	1
Bought two of these guys. All in all not bad, but the components are very cheap and you will most likely run into at least one part that’s faulty. For me it was a faulty display. Sadly the product wasn’t usable due to this fault	1
These do not stick well at all.	1
They are very pretty but not the normal stretchy lace you would expect. Poorly made.	1
I've used it once and overall think it's fine. I like that it's stretchy material so I can pull it up over my son's car seat. I wish it had a strap in the front so I can pull it down and block the sun from coming down through the front. I'm sure I'll find a way of using it that works for us and I like it well enough so far. I like that it's bendy material as well so I can fold and store it away.	2
I have not received it!!	1
never received the item	1
Falls apart within a week of use. We are throwing it away	1
I guess I expected more out of the quality of this item coming from CRKT. Seems more like something you'd buy from harbor freight for half the price. US company, but made in China! What a shame. Want to return, but it's gonna cost me almost $6 to return a $25 item. Almost not worth the effort. Guess that's the downfall of purchasing online. Can't actually inspect the quality of an item prior to buying it. Now I know better.	1
Very low power, could not move a Q-tip that was 4ft away on a clean granite surface. Return process complicated. By the time I purchased a received a replacement and could take it to the UPS store, the return QR code had expired. Not happy.	1
To keep the seeds in the cage	2
Only had found a month and the zippers have broken on them and because I'm a couple day past the return period, I'm stuck with a broken backpack	2
The product would easily be a 5 star, but way it's shipped is ridiculous. It's packed in a cardboard box that is 5 times the volume it should be with no insulation to keep it from bouncing/moving around during the shipping process. I had to send the first unit back because the eyes were all bent from the shipping process. The second one arrived with 3 gashes to its polyurethane coating, but the eyes were intact. I ended up keeping the second unit, but it was far from perfect condition. If only the seller would ship it better, this would be a good buy.	2
Same as all other glass screen protector. Fits good with my mother inlaws iphone 7. Held up good and doing a great job as a screen protector. I've only used one so far.	2
They're delicate, well crafted, and I've received tons of compliments on them. Look as advertised.	2
I, like others, experienced the problem of Amazon shipping these jugs on their side and having the seal/cap fail. An unknown amount of oil leaked out and soaked the box. Amazon made it right -- they refunded my purchase price. If they can fix the shipping issue (UPRIGHT .. with arrows!), then this will be a great deal!	2
She writes well. Many (many!) references to her blog - left me thinking that I should have just followed her blog and skipped the book altogether.	2
Great quality for reasonable price! I had read reviews on similar items at comparable pricing dating they fall apart easily. I bought this for an outdoor birthday party so decided to play it a bit first to make sure it didn't fall apart. It's holding together perfectly and not fraying the tennis balls at all. Very glad I chose this set.	2
Love this tool so much! It’s lightweight to easy to self massage. I particularly love massaging my face and head.	2
Cute looking set here. When it arrived it had a strong smell, a bad one. I washed it and it still smelled. So bad it was hard to wear the gaiter. It took 3 washes before I could tolerate wearing it. Also the able on top of the beanie came off	2
I've used this twice, with no visible difference so far. First time was after a shower but I didn't exfoliate my feet in the shower. Second time, today, I did exfoliate and used this right out of the shower so I'm hoping to see a significant softness to my feet. I will edit this in coming days with more information as it becomes visible and available. My rating will change after that point.	2
This is the last wrench needed. I have bought a few plastic ones before and they all fall apart at some point. Invest a little more and probably you wont have to buy another one in a long time	2
It works. Price was right	2
I love this bag so much, but I've only had it for a couple of months, and one of the straps already broke. Going to buy it again because I really like it, but super disappointed that I have to.	2
Too long for my puma basket heart sneakers. But the lace is pretty I guess.	1
This cable is not working and unsupported to device. Waste money	1
Too thin for my liking. I was going to use this as a backdrop for my baby shower next wee, but I would probably need another pack as it’s very sheer. Great value though	1
Some scenes I didn't overall care for and some areas of miscommunication between the characters. Overall it was a pretty good story and it had a happy ending for both of the main characters.	2
I really like these books even if they are supposedly for kids. They are just as good as Grisham’s other novels, he just explains things more. The stories deal with issues that are in our headlines and that kids deal with.	2
I’d five closer to five stars for the quality but as a two-time owner of the VS bikini identical to this, it’s really hard to find the right size for this. If you happen to have very similar sizes in a top and bottom, you may be fine. But for someone who is very top heavy, there was no way for me to order the right top without having the bottom fall off me. Too bad. But considering this is a prime item, I’d encourage giving it a try if your tops and bottom can be the same size because it’s a beautiful print and nice fabric.	2
I have 2 border collies and destroy is the game kong usually holds up but 2 days it was popped.	2
Revised after using case for three months: This silicon case seems to have bent on one corner and already needs to be replaced. We don’t know how this happened. After only two weeks: So far it seems great. My wife liked the case enough that I just bought a second one for myself. It is soft, yet seems sturdy. The real test will happen when the phone gets dropped, but so far, particularly for the price, we like it.	2
This unit not only didn't work- it stopped my home phones from working along with their caller ID. The manual didn't seem to cover the unit, this may be why l couldn't get it to work. At one point we had a message on the unit, we didn't know it was able to take messages. Tried reaching the seller about problems- no answer. We had a first generation Sentry that worked great for years- the 3.0 was junk!!	1
Pretty good for little kid or beginner	2
very heavy. be careful when tossing to your best friend...	2
These are attractive and sturdy, they came with screws that were the wrong size but I made due and plan to order another.	2
Works well, fits 15 mags well plus about a boxes of 20. Holds both gi type and the lancer transparent well, that's all I have to test. It arrived with a damaged seal ridge, looks like from the factory, so it lost a star. With a functional seal I would give 5 stars	2
Sadly 2 of the bottles were broken. I tried to reach out to Amazon but got caught in the rat maze they have to handle each and every situation. I emailed North Mountain 5 days ago. I explained the situation with the broken bottles since Amazon has no provision to do anything but resend the entire order. I am sure that they will get back to me with the Sorry For Any Inconvenience Letter. The question is when?	1
I have ordered the 40 pack a few times because we love them. However, I was disappointed this time. They were all dark inside and looked as if they had melted inside which changed the texture to quite a degree. The packing didn't look right--too tight which may have caused some of the breakage. These were ordered at Christmas time, so it was not hot weather!	2
I’ve used others that did a good job. These tend to streak and smear. Not very satisfied. But if you don’t mind wiping off with a glass cleaning cloth after using, it will remove most bug stains.	1
I was disappointed at the size of the item, Very small	1
Basic case but serves it's purpose	2
They would not stick	2
One cord works, one stopped after two months use. Crappy product, needs replacing.	1
I only use one time for my dog, it really work well, I can see the reduce the ear affection, but it has the small my dog doesn't like. If it can be no sense that would be better.	2
These are really cute notebooks and fit perfectly in my composition size travelers notebook. They are just a basic notebook and I wish they were college rule rather than wide rule but they work!	2
The first time this toddler toothbrush hit the floor it snapped at the neck and was unrepairable.	1
Great deal on a bike made for smaller children who can't ride bigger bicycles. This helps them to learn how to balance and basically learn to ride. Big thumbs up for these bikes.	2
Looks nice and the fleeced part is nice, but the arms are very strangely and cheaply lined with strange, itchy, noisy material. Fits small, too	1
It was ok everything came as the picture	2
I ordered a bigger size than normal just in case. It barely and I mean barely fit.	2
Solid looking product, just haven't had to use it yet. Carabiners are much more rugged than I expected and will have no problem holding the cargo net in place.	2
This item broke after about 4 months, I have been trying to find someone to fix it. No one seems to be able to.	1
I got this for my Step Daughter for a Welcome gift for their new home. I sent it to her new house wanting it to be a surprise, well it was and she liked it just one thing it was broken, the strings were busted. The box was fine no damage to the shipping box so that tells me it was placed in the box broken.	1
quality was great, but it didnt fit	2
Very useful and quality product.Each light takes 6 AAA batteries, just received so I can update later based on battery longevity.	2
These are really single use, as they stretch out when you use them. I have thinning hair and must use a brand new one every time I put my hair up. It's gotten expensive!!	2
Great product that is easy to use during hunting season with thick gloves on. The light is very bright and helps for walking to and from your stand and also finding a blood trail. Being able to recharge the light is an added bonus.	2
Very good if you like full-fingered gloves. Mine were a tad too small.	2
Not what I thought them to be.	1
Fits well, and it's not too thin of a fabric.	2
Suppose to be for a king size bed sized more for a twin but not worth the hassle of a return. I just gave it to the kids	1
I bought the dinosaur Onsie for a bar crawl that I'm going to and all of the girls that I'm going with got a dinosaur one, and they gave me the WRONG ONSIE!! I would return it but I don't have time to return it and get a Jew one before the crawl, so now I'm stuck with a unicorn one. I wouldn't recommend this item. >:(	1
Fantastic for age spots. Very opaque. Much better than any liquid I’ve ever used. I apply it and then cover with a light amount of blush powder to blend into surrounding cheek. (I bought the lightest shade since I am “the fairest in the land.)” (Read pale as a ghost.)	2
Product work perfect happy with product good product for the price range.	2
Do not buy these. It is a scam. You have to buy the ones that are compatiable with the iphone or you will get an error message after 5 seconds. complete scam from amazon!	1
I had one of these scales for over a decade and it worked perfectly. Never had a problem, never changed the battery. I accidentally dropped something on it and broke the screen so I thought I would just get another. This new version definitely does not work as well. It does not turn on when pressed or you stand on it. You have to lift it off the ground and put it back on the ground for the screen to activate. I exchanged it for another scale and it did the same thing. I eventually just sent both back, not worth the hassle.	1
I'm 5'7, pre-pregnancy 145lbs. Currently 160 2 months pp. It rides up and shows through my clothes. Love the idea of a progressive system, but can't fall in love with this.	2
This makes the British look like scared fools. And, my grandfather was no liberal coward.	1
I thought this vacuum was a great solution to clean my bedroom area. I turned it on for the first time and the hose collapsed in on itself. it is the thinnest cheapest hose i have ever seen that was not on a childs toy. i chatted with customer service and received a prompt reply and the offer to send me a replacement hose. if the new hose is a better quality i will report back and hopefully have a good review.	1
This review is a little late but wanted to let buyers know that this seems to not be the real deal ... almost as if water has been added ?? It makes my naturally curly blown out hair frizzy !! I have a full bottle wasting now bc it does not do what it says .it feels very thin and watery too ...disappointing that i paid good money for this product that seems to be a fake ... :(	1
Item was as described at a great price. Arrived in a few days.	2
exactly what we ordered. unfortunately the body of one of the unicorns (paint)fell out. and they get bent up easily.	2
This was so disappointing to me. Because my daughter lost hers at college and I sent these to her and these did not work. Can you imagine being a teen and not being to listen to music !! It was a nightmare. I ended up giving her my original iPhone ear buds. Now I don’t have any.	1
I've had a few different fans at my desk at work over the last few years and it was time to replace my current one, so I picked this up based on the reviews and price. I was very surprised at how small and light it is, but that's a good thing. The USB cable is plenty long enough to use at my desk and even though it's a small fan it's quite powerful and feels great. The only downside is the buzz that comes from it. It's a LOT louder than I expected and is clearly noticeable over everyone else's desk fans here at work, and that's at the lowest setting. Raising it to medium or high and it's super loud. Again, the fan works great and I've never an issue with the "fan" noise every other fan I've used has, but it's gonna take awhile to get used to the buzz this one has.	2
Heart melted when I first saw this cute little panda mouse. Yes, it is very cute, and it is small in size.	2
This pad is super soft and durable. I’m glad other reviewers enjoy using it and it works for them. I did want to share that we unfortunately didn’t have the same experience. We got this after my wife had back surgery and wanted more padding. We thought it was great at first, but then both of us started getting tailbone pain that gradually got worse and worse. I’ve never had back pain, so the only thing we narrowed it down to was this pad. We took it off for a couple weeks and the pain gradually went away. We tried the pad again after that just to make sure that it was really the pad and the pain came back.	2
He's only used it once so far but it seemed to make a difference.	2
I'm happy that I bought the mirror. It's beautiful and well made.	2
This is a nice set of pearls. The colors were a bit too delicate for me - I wanted something that would pop a little more. These pearls are in the middle of the photo, next to a set of white pearls and a set of Bella De Mer multicolor pearls I already had. You can see that these pearls are not near as vibrant. I ended up returning them.	2
its been just two months and there is already a hole in the mattress. Never had a good sleep. I dont recommend it at all.	1
Item arrived bent. The package was in perfect condition so I can onl assume that it it damaged at the warehouse before packaging or while being packaged.	2
Great case for the Galaxy S9. It's not bulky, even with 3 cards in the wallet portion. It's great quality and is holding up to expectations.	2
Worked great for 3.5 years. Then one of the heating bars, made of glass, fractured. Kind of a dramatic way to retire a toaster. Because it was one of the top bars, I almost didn’t even notice it. Pretty dangerous if you ask me. Before that, it worked great. Perfect for toasting and baking. Only downside was the dials need to be turned up all the way and then set to the desired time. Otherwise the timer might not turn off, which of course is a fire hazard. Now that I have to seek out a new one, I may or may not try this brand/model again. Still undecided.	2
Works well. I got it for a family member who had a surgery. They say it has helped stop the smoking craving.	2
I love all their products. Quality is great	2
Knob openings were too small, had to be drilled out to fit.	2
My toddler loves it. Seems good quality.. only reason I didn't so 5 stars is the small pocket zipper is hard to use and keeps getting the lining stuck in it	2
This clamp is strong, as the description and other reviewers have said, but the guards on the clip slip off easily which defeats the purpose of using the clip in the first place. Tried using it without the clip guards and it was too slippery to stay in place. Had to return. May work for some purposes if you have it positioned in a "face down" position, where the clamp guards would be held in place by gravity.	1
I'm on a personal growth journey..I'm learning to love myself and how to change certain behaviors..with that said..this author has Lots of quotes from other ppl and she spends way too much time detailing the bad things that happened to her. I didn't gain anything from this book. Not worth it, in my opinion.	1
These are very high quality ethernet cables. I'm very pleased.	2
I like this shirt. It's bright and pretty and easy to take care of. It feels and looks good on.	2
does not work as well as Filtrate filters	2
cute hat, but the m/l is to small for my 30 pound doodle	1
You will feel numbness until the end of next day.	1
Does not deserve a star! Poor quality. It came all in seperate pieces. Glued cheap way. I should have read the reviews before I bought this 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼	1
I bought these for my five year old. The don’t come with smaller ear buds. Had to give them to my older daughter.	2
Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn’t.	1
Ridiculously small and cheap looking.	1
Love it and the colors it has, however it doesn’t stay on long because the water holder is not large. Cleaning is fairly easy with vinegar solution. Had it a while and still works well	2
Terrible, terrible product. No matter what size dumplings we put in it, it didn’t crimp or seal the dumplings.	1
Cute and colorful book. Wasn't expecting the colorful illustrations on activity pages. With that said, potential buyers might note this is more of an activity book than a coloring book like what I was expecting. Coloring pages few far between. Was a little disappointed because thought would be much bigger, but was impressed by the quality of book overall.	2
Super cute, easy to clean. But small.	2
Suppose modern technology were the figment. Suppose you were writing a technology-fiction book about teenagers attending an Institute of Technology. Would the classes be "History of Technology", "How to Use Technology", and "Get in Touch With Your Inner Technologist"? Would fights between students take the form of teens using technology on each other? Would the students self-identify as members of Electricity clans or Chemistry clans? Seems threadbare, but you cold still write a book worth reading if you gave it a real plot and interesting characters. This book is the fantasy equivalent. It has the tired recycled tropes ("I'm a Witch, and I'm going to show off by casting a glowing light!") without the story that would redeem them.	1
I'm not sure what is going on with these but this is the second one I've ordered and the powder has been a complete rock inside. It's totally unusable. Also this is supposed to be a replacement of one that was just delivered on sunday and it WAS THE SAME WAY!!! I'm not sure if these are coming directly from isagenix or Amazon is storing these in their warehouse...either way they are being improperly stored if the powder is turning into "concrete".	1
This was not as described and did not fit to charge. It was not returnable nor was an exchange offered. Don’t buy it!	1
Magnets needed to be stronger, a slight breeze would move them around and putting it on in a wind was almost impossible. Plus it would freeze to my car if there was a little rain before the snow or ice storms and almost ripped trying to remove it.	2
Patterson weaves a well constructed mystery and a good read..	2
Have not tried them yet but are super soft . Can’t wait to try on my client	2
Stitching is poorly done. Otherwise great for travel bag	2
Thank you for taking care of us here at OOHKNO and Girls and Geckos in Las Vegas as Always!	2
Expensive and not functional. I spent a fortune on this product that I didn’t like at all. Please, do not waste your money.	1
Good quality but these got soooooo scratchy once I washed them. It's really a testament to how lazy I am that I don't return them.	2
I love the way these look (just as pictured). They do tend to bend in the back when you walk so you will definitely have creases back there. They have the “fur” lining all inside (not just the top). I normally wear a 7.5 but I ordered size 8 and they fit perfect. Definitely order up!	2
When i shoot some of the bbs would not come out of the clip. Not only that but the bbs were less accurate that the pellets.	1
There is an inner lining that comes out and kind of difficult to get back in, otherwise great for the pool.	2
I really liked the design including the carrying strap. My 2 dogs really enjoyed it. We carry it with us every time we take a walk.	2
My 8 month lab destroyed this toy in less than a week. Highly disappointed!	1
Was a cute case but definitely wouldn't protect your phone from damage or a fall.	1
Product was dried up not happy with item	1
Solid product. I tried another brand through Amazon of which only three out of the six actually worked properly. The fit of these is better for GT arrows, the light is visible even at midday, and they fly as true as standard nocks so far. Haven't used them in the field yet but have practiced with them. Really useful for dusk and dawn practice...get one in at close range and use it to aim at in low light. Good product, I'll buy again.	2
Horrible customer service. They do not do what they say they will do. Consider alt brands.	1
Bananas ripened from dark green to brown.	1
Cool little tank I used for my minibike, purchased some clear fuel line and fuel filter to hook up to the little tank, only problem is the gasket in the fuel tank cap melts and turns to mush from the gas within just a couple days. I saw all these black goop pieces going down my fuel line and all in the filter so had to drain gas and clean everything out. If you purchase this tank just replace that fuel cap gasket cause it will do the same thing. Read that from another person before I purchased it and thought he just got a bad gasket but nope all do it so just remove or replace it.	2
The design I got was pretty cute, it’s the black one with the stars on it. Unfortunately, it’s cheaply made, because one week after use, the black started rubbing off and you can see the white underneath. Also in the photos, you can see on the edges it’s starting to break. Overall wouldn’t recommend. You can get a much better quality one for a few dollars more.	1
Very easy to assemble and it does exactly what I was hoping for. Good product for such an economical price.	2
Ordered size 6 and were too small. Ordered size 7 but the 7s were worn in. Received replacement and one boot is soft suede like and one was harder leather. I really wanted to love these but will be returning.	2
a lot of loose threads. material is cheap quality. came with snag in the fabric. not worth the money	2
This hair is very lightweight and soft. It is very easy to twist and separate if you start untwisting from one end then separate the other end while moving up to the middle of the hair. I used 2 packs and I have hair left. I will purchase again.	2
The lines on the bottom are incorrect. I didn't notice them and cut this using my insole as a guide and thankfully I did this because otherwise the inserts wouldn't have fit and I would have ruined the replacements despite following the directions. They have a high arch and I have normal feet with a normal arch.	2
Get stained and worn out really easily	1
A little shorter than I like but great quality otherwise!	2
The package was very damaged and so was the product ... very disappointed!!	1
Nice! Need more variety. Maybe smaller with detail heads.	2
These were great on vacation. It did take a little practice to drink out of a bottle that wasn’t rigid. They’re tricky to clean and feel like they’re truly clean because of the ridges.	2
One of the bottles has a leak and sputters quite a lot, but the others are good. I found it helpful to cut off about an inch of the spout to get a heavier flow out of the nozzle. Very useful for watering my cactus and orchids with limited access to the soil.	2
Paid $23 on december 29th and now January 3rd its $33 ?? WTH?	1
hello, this cord is really nice in build and looks, but the lack of a ground plug is obvious. when ordering, we overlooked that as the cords being plugged in were only two prong. but, now, other applications all need a ground hole to make it work. it is okay and could be better if it had the ground hole for each unit or at least the top one.	2
I have an old Nokia phone from when I was like 15 and havent seen the pictures on there in years since the phone doesn't power on. Also, my mom passed away a few years ago and left a digital camera behind and with this awesome gadget im able to see allllll those old old pictures again!!!! Love it!	2
Love this product. Will never buy anything but this. I used to break out all the time under my arms. This product has eliminated that problem! Smooth at last!	2
The size runs small. My hand is about 4 1/4” across the palm and these gloves are tight. The finger lengths are good but again they are snug. If I were to buy them again I would order the XL. The quality seems to be good but it is too early to tell how they will hold up. I can’t comment on warmth yet as it is still warm out. I also think that they won’t be as warm for me as they could be due to the tight fit.	2
Was what I ordered and expected	2
Remodeled recently and used this to cover 50 inch upright. Worked well and looks great. High quality fabric and made well! Excellent!!	2
I wish they were a little smaller--- Grandson didn't use all the paint in them, afraid the paint will dry out	2
I ordered these for my sisters 2015 GLK 350 she called and told me they don’t fit she can’t even screw them on.	1
I wore these for an 8hr day at work. I put 2 in my hair to keep my bangs back. I got home to take them out and they tore out huge chunks of hair!! If you value your hair you will not buy these. My hair was straightened, smooth, and dry. No excuse for the amount of hair I lost in only 1 day.	1
Well this needed help right out of the box as one of the tab's was MISSING that hold the next pole in place. I was able to repair this as that was easier than trying to return and I need to use it. Well the pruning head would NOT even cut through a 1/2 inch apple branch, but the saw part worked fine. This is a very heavy pruner that does not work well. Ended up using my old fiskers that cut right though the apple branches. Save your money buy something else.	2
I like this as I have a medium size waist and I can make it fit just right	2
No directions come with pads, so had to find a couple You Tube videos to figure out installation, but wasn't too hard. Back brake is now working well. However front brake continues to squeak, even after three weeks of use. Very annoying.	2
They look decent when up on the ceiling. Very easy to install. When you see them up close from the package they do seem to be cheaply made. It’s decent for the price you pay.	2
Crushed upon delivery. I contacted the seller and did not receive a reply. Should have packaged it better instead of just slapping a label on it.	1
Love this light. It’s suoer cool and it was super easy to set up too. Great colors. Very fun!! I put it in my kids room and they love it!	2
Notable sound distortion at lower frequency, despite good picture quality and ease of install.	2
As soon as I received the product 2 of the stand legs were broken off.	1
Probably too big of tip to work good on my small letters....did one tire....then took it off....just a little sloppy.	2
The fibers make a mess....but can use on lomg hair...not good for short hair	2
This phone is garbage I received it today and it is rubbish it won’t come on.	1
The string to tighten the cover ripped out of part of the cover the first time it was used. Now the cover slips off in high winds. In normal weather it works.	1
As I expected. Great pan. I've always wanted a pan similar to the one my mother used when I was a child. Hopefully I will be able to produce meals as tasty as the ones she did. The first steaks came out very good.	2
The fabric was softer than I expected which I really love but the instructions to build could be clearer.	2
Disappointed, no instruction, very little suction, not a good purchase.	1
Loved this. Very cute.	2
This book help me understand Linux which I've never used before. Easy to understand for some one who never used Linux. The information that I have right now is enough to get me started. I am not that confused anymore. Thanks Gary.	2
I bought this rather large bottle of rose scented witch hazel for myself. I was so excited when I got it, because it smelled so much better than just plain boring witch hazel and it had a cool looking bottle. And need I mention, once again, the size... there was so much of it, I knew for sure it would last me forever. *sigh* Apparently my husband loved the smell of it too. He began using it as an added scent in his oil diffusers and putting it in his bath, using it as toner for his face 5 times a day (at least that's what it seemed like to me!) I can't even guess what other ways he must have used it while I wasn't looking. Every day I would stand in the bathroom shocked as I watched my bottle of witch hazel dwindle down to nothing in a matter of 2 weeks... guess next time I'll try the lavendar.	2
Do not like it. But was cheap!	1
This is more like a cover up for getting out of the water than a towel.	2
It’s garbage and doesn’t even power on. Was shipped in an ENVELOPE! No care to the electronics at all and now not able to return this piece of crap.	1
Looks great but to small straps are to short	2
Thought i purchased the gigabit product. Instead purchased the Ethernet device. Review your order before buying.	2
Top of the hat comes to a point, but I love it either way. I have super long, thick curly hair & this does the trick of keeping my hair off my neck and keeping me cool.	2
THIS is the pillow I use for sitting behind my back but for sleeping it’s kinda puffy hurts my neck	2
Did not work well, they just got bent and the furniture was not very heavy.	1
It started out good, but the 2nd act of the book didn't match up with the first. It made no sense for Mason to leave Max for that long with a weak explanation. When they finally met again after 2 YEARS, she was ready to forgive. It was ok, but definitely not as good as Desired or Desired Too	1
This is my 2nd case purchase. I bought a new phone and HAD to get another LUPA just like my first one. They look great, holdup well and make carrying a credit card or ID super convient. Love it!	2
Item arrived cracked along the top, which does not make it usable for what I had intended, too much hassle returning so will use for something else. Quality is not as good as expected.	2
Small for a 10 frame. Should work.	2
Didn't realize the part that attaches to the pants is for buttons, so I wasn't able to use it for what I needed it for. Overall quality is good though!	2
Super cute and fun! (I had to trim them a bit to get the length I desired. Simple with a scissors)	2
I have had several of these over the years, but unfortunately lost them when they fell overboard and sunk into the deep muck of the swamp since the handle fills up quickly. This time I got smart and used a can of "Great Stuff" Spray Foam and filled the upper 2/3rd of the handle with foam. I have tested it several times in our lake and it works great. I came up with idea after re-foaming the bow & stern of my aluminum canoes, since the small white styrofoam had broken down over the years. I would highly recommend that if you purchase one of these, for a extra $3 worth of insurance, you won't loose it in the lake like I had done with my previous two push poles. If you do this, then I would have given it 5 Stars. Dr. Paul	2
Did not stick at all , waste of money , my second buy for a car mount for a galaxy s8+ , magnet stronger than anything	1
Got these for our in-law's Honda. My father-in-law didn't have any issues installing them, and they look very nice. The finished has not faded. Good product.	2
Love these will definitely buy this brand again	2
Great product and service, 100% recommended	2
I would recommend steering clear of this one, even though it's very affordable. The glass itself is unpleasantly narrow, and no matter how you position it, it's going to leave sliver of the screen uncovered (as in, some of the pixels, not just the glass) on one side or the other. It's also pretty unpleasant to slide your thumb over it for gestures from the side. It _is_ tall enough that swiping up from the bottom isn't too bad.	1
It works, but don't shoot too many frames at once, the lower power input can't keep up with the power draw of a studio shooting environment. Great for table top still life shooting.	2
Really liking it I'm on season 3.	2
These gloves are fantastic. I bought my first set more than 6 months ago, and there's still little sign of wear and tear despite using it to wash dishes every other night. I liked it so much that I bought a second pair as backup.	2
Even though these doll cloths were relatively inexpensive, they were poorly made.	1
I purchased this light not knowing how it would plug in. to my surprise it came with a waterproof connection, kinda? as you can see in the pictures it ends in two wire and the ground wire is screwed in the frame. not ideal but i can work with that.I guess it is better than 3 different outlet plugs having to plug bit into 3 outlets would not work for me.	2
I’ve been sick ever since I used it one time when I received it. Diarrhea. Would not recommend it.	1
I bought this item expecting a stool that could assist a disabled individual with getting into bed. The stool was damaged upon arrival & the holes in the legs didn't match up with the holes on the step so you couldn't put the stool together. I wouldn't recommend this product to anyone, but especially wouldn't purchase it for someone with a disability.	1
This slingshot look great and the presentation is also good, very solid, good range. The magnets on the arm rest to hold extra ammo are a good idea. Overall a very good product.	2
It’s cute and the colors are nice. It’s also big enough to contain the mess. But it’s bit flimsy and needs to be thicker.	2
Not happy with this product. It does not fit all the way from edge to edge. I didn't leave it on	1
I originally bought the small one for my then five month old mixed breed puppy based upon the measuring guide. Even on the largest settings, it was a bit small so I ordered a size up. The new one is a bit large even on the smallest settings. When I tighten it sufficiently to prevent it from slipping off, it doesn't sit straight up and down as it is supposed to. Other than the sizing issue, I do find that the harness has definitely cut down on pulling and even when she isn't wearing it, she tends to walk better.	2
Broken after two times it has been used. Not reccomend it.	1
Very soft and comfortable	2
A wonderful story! You just need to read the book and enjoy!	2
Didn’t fit good not what I thought	2
Too small returned it.	1
ITS OK BUT IT WAS REALLY LIGHT AND A HARD BED.	2
Pants are like stocking tights and see through a lil but not bad for toddler to wear under dresses or as play pants in the summer	2
For the price I paid I assumed it would be visually attractive. It looks like a cheap thick plastic you would cut and put in your garage. It looks incredibly cheap amd not something that you would put in your kitchen. The print on it looks like something in a mechanics shop. 100% does not belong in a kitchen.	1
So cute and fits great. Holds its shape all day	2
Half of the light packs are broken and don’t work.	1
There is no way these things are insulated. We were in 20 degree weather and had to cut the day short because these boots were so uncomfortable.	1
Interesting story. The perspectives of celebrity media - both how it's used to manipulate the public and manipulate the celebrity- is used to tell the story of an actress moving her way up the Hollywood ladder and the many things she has to hide, fight, fake, and exploit. And then a writer who gets rich off of the ultimate celebrity gossip: the tell-all. It sounds petty and shallow, but really, it was a good read.	2
Our harness didn't last too long as our dog chewed through one of the plastic clips, rendering it useless. We're back to a regular collar.	2
Smells so great. Got it for my mom as a Christmas present and she loves it. The smell is strong but not too strong and leaves the room smelling amazing. I was sceptical to buy this product because it was an unknown/unheard of brand but you wouldn’t think this basket is from a cheap company at all after use. The presentation is great and the basket includes everything you’ll need to have an amazing treat-yourself spa day. Highly Recommend this product.	2
When I opened the container the paint was completely hard and solid, unusable. I am very disappointed it was not worth the money.	1
I had almost not expectations while buying this product yet it still managed to disappoint me. Incredible. Don't buy anyone anything from Gildan. It's like they didn't tailor these for humans. I would like to see a single person that these t-shirts fit well. Just don't buy them. please.	1
I've bought bundles of cables in the past from other sellers, only to be disappointed as one-by-one they break. I bought this bundle a couple months ago, and I'm still on my first cable. So that's a pretty good sign! I also like the tight fit when I plug into a device. Makes me think these are a bit more tough than other brands. Time will tell, but as of right now, I'm pretty happy with these!	2
Great use of case with cards manager. Value for the money and light weight	2
Had I known that these tasted like pure sugar in your mouth, I never would have bought them. And the fact that it takes 6 vitamins to make up a single dose is just two much. After taking only two I felt sick. I should have bought these somewhere that they could have been returned, they're going in the trash can.	1
This machine is one of few that you can use a 20 oz Yeti type cups I use the 10 oz setting first the you can select the 6 oz button to finish filling the cup. IF IT LOOKS LIKE IT MAY OVERFILL YOU CAN PUSH THE BUTTON AGAIN TO STOP IT after a little practice you can get it perfect. Also it brews very hot. I would have given it 5 stars except the customer support is terrible as the attachment for using your own coffee grounds was not in the box, I was told it was Amazons fault and they also would not tell which after market k-baskets would work " DON'T EXPECT HELP FROM THEM"	2
Not much better than the original dipstick. Not worth the money.	1
I cannot believe how comfortable this lap desk is!! I usually sit 'yoga' style, and it works great. If I sit in the chair 'normal', it works great. If I sit with my legs sideways, it works great. I was worried it would be leaning to the left because of the heavy laptop, but somehow it distributes the weight evenly. The quality is amazing. And the little tray above the mouse for a cell phone? Genius! I highly recommend this item and am going to tell everyone I know that has a laptop about it. Makes life so much easier and more comfortable.	2
Alright movie... too easy, predictable, and short...rookie movie production..taraji gets down though not her fault...	1
I was VERY sceptical about purchasing a chair online without sitting in it first. While the chair is a little stiff and the footrest is a little hard to put down, as others have mentions, I am happy with my purchase. It is nicer than many of the chairs you find in the nursery/baby stores, and more delicate looking than the bulky recliners you would find in a major furniture store. I look forward to relaxing and breaking in my new chair!	2
A foam applicator pad was included with the bottle of restorer. The product is easy to apply. I applied the restorer to the exterior trim on my 07 Honda CRV and the trim looked fresh and new again. I did not buff off the residual as instructed, because of the age of my vehicle. I didn't apply a super thick coat to begin with. I live in the Southeast US where the sun is brutal on trim. My trim was looking amazing until today when Hurricane Dorian begin to bring rain. In short I highly recommend this product. I've used a couple other medium end trim products and the sheen didn't last that long. The old saying goes you get what you pay for.	2
It does the trick, but I ended up returning this primarily because it was too flimsy. In order to make it collapsible, they must have had to use a very light/thin material, which causes the container to lose it's shape when filled with water.	2
It's really cute, My daughter loves it!	2
It was a fake. It came bent with one of the eye shadow pans lifted. The box came damaged and a couple of the shadows were slightly cracked.	1
The bungee portion wore out quickly with normal use.	1
covers are flimsy, i ussually get a lily pulitzer planner but college = no more name brand. does exactly what it needs to & makes planning days easy, also the wood is super cute	2
Have your antidepressants handy.	1
The putting surface is good and the roll is pretty quick. However, the inclined platform is concave, causing all putts to veer towards the center. This means missed to the outside bend right into the cup (at least for the regulation sized cup) and putts on the inner edge of cup veer to the right and miss. Not sure how to correct this, looked underneath but not clear hoe to prop up the middle to make it a level junction on the platform. Everything else is good, ball return is nice, but with the curve it is hard to tell if you hit the ball straight, which is kinda the point.	2
Screen works and is a bargain for the price but it’s definitely dimmer then the old screen I had	2
Ran it all day and it still didn’t make ice cream...	1
I am not a fan of , they are over priced and overrated. That being said, these headphones are awesome! They pair effortlessly, they sound good, and so far have a great battery life. Being able to charge them with the same cord as my phone is great.	2
Looked really nice and I had high hopes however these do not fit a 2019 Outback, despite Amazon matching it to the vehicle. Headrest holes do not align.	2
does not work and too late to return	1
Horrible it works only when it's plugging to charge	1
I liked the story from a man’s viewpoint! It’s a good plot too. It would have been a five star rating except the epilogue is confusing. It’s hard to picture where they are and what’s happening. Clear that up and it will be a totally complete lovely romance.	2
Made no difference. Taste was ok. Not buying again.	1
Disappointed. Ordered twice and both same issue the gold from tag was pressed into the case. Something I don’t expect nor should tolerate from a brand like Kate Spade. Hopefully that gets fixed	1
Not impressed, didn’t realize that the board is just a flat foam piece. The pegs barely stay in place. Very poor quality.	1
Though I loved having the multiple options when it came to colors these bands are extremely difficult to change! It takes me and my husband a few minutes before we can even get them off. Would strongly suggest against them unless you want to break your nails every time you change the band.	1
I bought this toilet paper holder to use with my crocheting. A smallish ball of yarn can be slipped onto the part that would normally go through the center of a roll of toilet paper. This allows the yarn to be worked without getting all tangled. I like the look of piece and, although it's not very heavy, it doesn't tip over. The only problem I found is that the cap on one of the two rods that attach the holder to the base (storage) section keeps falling off. This happens with only one of the two rods. I've tried tightening it finger-tight, but it always works itself loose and falls of. I suppose I could put a piece of tape around it or glue it in place, but I feel that should not be necessary. Other than that little quirk, it's a good product.	2
Meh. Not as cute as i thought they would be on my 6month old. I’ll wait until later to try again. Her legs are just to short and not so chubby for these to work.	2
It's dogma, still a fun movie 20ish some years later.	2
Truly wireless earbuds. Love these so much. Had previously purchased the magnetic bluetooth earbuds from this seller, which I also love and use in the office. These are the company's newest earbuds, and I love using them when I work out - no cords at all, and they stay put! Great sound and the charge lasts a long time - definitely recommend! Finally, customer support from this seller is always available - and they don't harass you either - just a quick email to let you know they are happy to answer questions at any time! THANK YOU!	2
My husband wanted this..I wasn't sold. It's just much easier to use a cutting board.	1
The con part of this item is that it does not work with sheet protectors. But that my fault. I did look at several of these dividers, but it came adding it my cart, I clicked on the wrong product. So for the low price, It would more to send them back. So I guess I will someone who can use these. But for the price, it's not a bad deal.	2
It was a great buy but it doesn't breathe well so can get hot.	2
Great shoes for vacation. Super comfy	2
Good quality. Nice looking Mug.	2
I like the 500 watts of power just what I needed	2
2 of the 12 bottles were broken. These have not been replaced or a partial refund	1
It is totally delish	2
It's educational and entertaining! Child can play on it's own, or with friends, or PARENTS = quality time! Kid can learn AT THE SAME TIME few things at once: COLORS, LETTERS, how to COUNT, FOCUS, and play competitive sport - fishing. Who will catch the most fish? My daughter LOVES THIS GAME. She played with me, grandma, cousins, & not getting tiered! Compare to others fishing games this one have cool DOUBLE SIDED design, and extra doll to catch fish with, not just fishing polls. You can play it differently on both sides! I will post video. Also, the LETTERS! What a smart Idea to add letters. We even made few words & sentences. See photos. Definitely would recommend! Perfect GIFT!!!	2
These arrived super fast, excellent packaging and communication with the seller. Used these overnight and they certainly helped stretch the height of the show. They were rubbing a blister into the top of my feet and too expensive to throw out. We had high hopes for this product and they delivered! Hoping with more time stretching they will loosen even more. Very pleased with every aspect of this transaction!	2
I bought these to wear during pregnancy. They are very soft and don’t ride up. The elastic is not the most softest I’ve ever felt, but overall I’d still buy more.	2
I got this for my 5 YO daughter who loves the product - it suits her needs and will last a reasonable amount of time if stored properly. My one complaint is the poor job done by the manufacturer on the edging of the stickers - when you peel some of the stickers off the paper backing, it partially cuts off the image which is tacky-looking.	2
There are two thick slices in the neoprene down to the metal on one of the dumbbells. Both on the same head but one around the corner from the other. Its a bummer that we paid full price for a damaged item especially considering the packaging and bubble wrap was intact indicating it was shipped from Amazon damaged. We will keep them because of the pain of returning and my wife wants them immediately. Certainly can't argue with the wife....	2
Very flimsy not for anyone over 120 pounds	1
This is difficult to assemble. Even with two people. Packaging needs to be a little better. Shelf is okay once you get it assembled. I would order a little better quality next time with better assembly design. Top section to bottom section connection needs vast improvement. Price was right, Amazon got them delivered with minimal damage. Once it's in, it serves it's purpose.	2
Where is the adhesive on these sliders??. We used them but think they could have been made better.	2
I bought So Far Gone to add to my Drake collection!	2
Both of the two covers ripped in one year. I had to buy the same to replace to look consistent with the other covers I have.	1
Peice of crap stopped getting hot after 7th time using it. Don't waste your time and $$$ in buying this crap.	1
The only my thing I didn’t like was the chain because it was kind of stiff. But that’s my own personal preference.	2
These buds deal into your ear well, I have been having a problem with the Left one disconnecting. It happens every so often but when it does it won't stop	2
Over all not bad, my husband said they were comfy and true to size, but after 3 days he started to get a weird rash and dry skin scabbing. He's had other silicone rings so I don't know why these were giving him issues.	1
I like the design, very cute. I like that it is glass. I wish it held more water. Overall a great product.	2
I’m 5’11, 140lbs. I bought the “tall” version of these and while they fit inseam wise, the top portion of the pant was just too weird to fit my body correctly. I have wide hips and they cut into them giving me a gross muffin top look. The top seam also folded over weird, exposing the pink lining and giving a bumpy appearance under clothing. I wanted to love these but had to return them.	1
Some reviewers said their clips broke - I feel like they must have been pulling their bras too tight, maybe? I’ve had no problems with mine and they are good quality. Just make sure you loosen your bra straps a LOT before using these.	2
New shoes now have holes in them...	2
The adjustable metal won't stay form in place which is difficult to use. Junk	1
It’s only been a week and no results yet. The smell is odd and reminds me of bug spray. I will not purchase again.	1
Good ramp. A bit flexible. Got for my 90# 10 year-old german shepard. She can still jump into the back of the pickup, but getting harder for her. About 36 inches off the ground. If your dog is not easily trained, get this before you need it. A few treats and she is fine.	2
The mirror dash cam comes well packaged. The video quality is outstanding! I personally like the features of stream media, it makes this dash cam different from others.I can check more as I drive.I used have one other brand dash cam, but that dash cam went off many days ago, so I plan to get this one. Compared to other dash cam, this one is the best I have got ever. It was easy to install and the interface is very user friendly,if you do not know how to install it, you can check the Youtube videos. It covered my rearview mirror perfectly. This dash cam can both record the front and the rear, it make things much easier,it can also work as backup camera. I like the features that it can change the angle when backing up. I plan to buy a second one for my wife car,you know,it is a good choice than the others.	2
Nexxus has another shampoo like better	2
Ordered a small. It's to big. The material is thin and the elastic around the top seems flimzy. Like a couple washes and it would be destroyed. Cute shirt and looks like the picture except it's not form fitting at the mid section.	2
Used straight 3 months but didnt help. Dont do the mistake of using it every month give a gap as well. Cons Do not use this product even if it causes a slightest burning sensation. Pay close attention and monitor how you feel before and after. Dont simply go by reviews. Pros It good and not sticky	1
Never receive this item	1
I like it because it was portable Did not like it was a little hard to put on	2
I’ve had this product for 3 days now and I’ve noticed a few things: 1. The smell is INCREDIBLE. Honestly, I’d use it for that reason alone 2. The texture is different than normal lotions. It’s kind of sticky(?) but doesn’t feel that way on your skin 3. It’s super hydrating and does just fine under makeup. 4. I know I already said this but it smells intoxicating. Hope this helps :)	2
Much prettier in person than I anticipated! I was so delighted when I opened the box and pulled this gorgeous wreath out! It really is pretty! I highly recommend purchasing this, you won't be disappointed!	2
Not as bright as expected	2
Were doing great then they all died	2
It works that's about it. Probably the slowest charger I've owned and your phone must sit perfectly kn one position. I wouldn't recommend.	1
Helped a little. Nothing to write home about.	1
This was a great deal. Love the camera, works great, simple to use, great pictures.	2
Exactly what I wanted! I have downsized to a small crossbody and no longer use a wallet. This gem allows me to securely carry all I need.	2
I sit on the side o my bed to smoke my last cigarette. This area has already crushed down in that area. Doesn't bode well for the rest of the mattress, does it?!	2
Brackets are heavy duty and perfect for my project. As represented by the seller. Very pleased.	2
good/different pics daily	2
Didn't notice much of a difference in appetite.	1
Filters arrived and upon inspection frames were bent and distorted. Pleats were uneven and unattached to frames in same areas.	1
These have a really ugly and obvious seam down each side. I returned them.	1
Great kit for my first projects. The kit was exactly to the description. s\Service was great and shipping time was as promised.	2
Socks are of decent quality but are rather short. One pair is almost white with a very light gray pattern. Very unattractive. Nothing like the pair in the photo. I will never wear that pair of socks so I donated them to charity.	2
The clasp on the band is way too bulky and clashes. Otherwise it is solidly built and looks alright but huge stitches and looks pretty cheap.	1
Very nice Fire HD 10" screen	2
Parts falling out of it in less than a year.	1
Product came quickly and as ordered. Pen writes so smooth and ink dries quickly. Is comfortable for those who write for long periods at a time. I look forward to ordering these same pens in different color inks.	2
They are a nice weight and the color is pretty, but the d12 is a bit uneven and the d8 shipped with a small chip. I do wish that they did have the turquoise marbling as shown on the photo.	2
So far it has worked very well .Better than expected.	2
I've had the charger for 5 months and it still works like new. Fast charges just as good as my Motorola Turbo charger. I initially bought it as a temporary charger until I could get a better more expensive one, but this one does the job for a much better value. Highly recommend.	2
THE WEATHER STATION IS ACCURATE BUT THE COLOR DISPLAY DOES NOT SHOW THE SUN	1
They were to small, not what I was looking for!!	1
The zipper broke easy when my dog pulled on it.	1
The right foot strap was bent and folded significantly over to the left (much more than the picture shows - picture taken after two weeks of use) causing my right foot to hang over the inside edge of the sole, sometimes touching the ground. I thought I could bend it back with use and placing heavy books on it each night and it’s slowly coming back to center. It was pretty uncomfortable walking like that at first, and I would’ve returned them the first day if I knew it’d take this long for the strap to get back to normal. Other than that, the price was good and the sandals look alright.	2
Tires are good in dry weather, not so good in the rain. (Slips at start off.)	2
This stuff is seriously amazing and helps with excessive sweating and bad BO. I've struggled with sweating and body odor since I was a teenager. Being pregnant has only heightened it and this has really helped keep it under control. I will use this even after I have my baby! (Especially because no one tells you about the postpartum sweats)	2
18 month old has limited interest in this. He LOVES the Farm Animals Touch and Sound by the same company (it’s his favorite!) - but this was not a winner. I think because some of the sounds are beyond his ability to repeat or recreate. Or he has no familiarity (he likes the semi one but his uncle is a trucker and he knows semis).	2
Replaced a brush I lost. It's close but not perfect. Hair gets stuck in bristles when trying to curl under. I wanted one with no little knobs at the ends. This one has them too-just too small to see in picture.	2
This is a set of three books in one bundle, the books set is much worthy than its price because it has complete solution to get learning about cryptocurrency mining system how could you get financial benefit for it thanks.	2
No ,every time I try ,it says I do not have internet,but I do	1
This is been great! I have had lots of energy and no cravings. This is a great natural appetite suppressant. I have also used it with the leptin detox.	2
I'll keep them as a backup pair but no pockets means no regular use.	2
Useful for my 32 gb iPhone. Can be Using As a flash drive too.	2
Mine didn't come with a dowel pin, but I just needed this to replace what was broken. Seems about the same quality as other kits. It's hard to tell how hard the metal is, but I'm sure the metals all come from the same place.	2
Not big enough for smart key	1
This is a really good option for a physical sunscreen because it has high, broad spectrum protection, and the white cast is not awful. In terms of fragrance mentioned by other reviewers, I agree there's a grandma-esque smell, but it doesn't bother me. Being a mineral sunscreen, the product is difficult to remove with just water. I recommend using an oil cleanser first and then a light foam/gel cleanser after that to fully remove the sunscreen. I have sensitive skin, but I've had no negative reaction to the product whatsoever! I'm very satisfied with this purchase and look forward to repurchasing it in the future.	2
no more reaching and climbing ladders, does a great job and so far the battery lasts quite a while. Im a landscaper so its getting some pretty harsh usage..	2
I just got into You tube, no matter what subject you want to know about just type it in. I have yet to find nothing, someone will have covered it. I especially like the true crime/horror stuff myself.	2
The bottom part of the bag is quite flimsy and feels like plastic wrapped cardboard. I my cat fits in it but gets all wrapped up cause the bottom piece does not stay in place	2
First 8 months I owned it, worked great. Drips now...on the clothes, on the ironing board. It even dips on the floor when I just pick it up to iron. Unfortunately, it’s not just a drip. So disappointed. First and last T-Fal iron	1
The thread is not NPT/ American Thread for 1/2 ." It does not fit my drop ear and have to return.	1
Good size but very hard pillow! No softness at all.	1
Never received this product,called customer service,don’t remember what they told me but never got a new one.	1
Excelent product works good	2
Received a few days ago, so far I have used 1 jumbo and 2 large. Placed a large blanket in the jumbo, it's been 3 days, so far so good, still deflated. then I used 2 large for some other bed linens. Both of them reinflated in a few hours. I thought perhaps I had put too much in the bags, even tho it was below the fill line. So I removed some items from both and re vacuumed. One seems to be staying deflated, the other one re inflates almost immediately. I have now done it 3 times without success. As far as I know I'm doing everything as the directions say, altho I find it confusing with the zipper. Is there one way the slider is supposed to be zipped? It seems it looks the same whether zipped from right to left or vice versa. And I also pinch across the zipper to make sure it is closed. I had high hopes for these bags but feel somewhat frustrated. Maybe that one bag is a dud and the others will be ok. I hope	2
It was so small! It wouldn't fit on my daughter's head, and she's very small.	1
Previously tried this in pill form but the tea is much easier to drink and it works to improve my pms. The taste is pleasant	2
Love that these are available for kindle! Protected my son's screen like it was supposed too! I will reorder and recommend!	2
Love the drills, especially the impact driver. However, after 4 months of moderate use, and only a few needed charges, 1 of the batteries will no longer hold a charge. I store set inside and made sure to charge only when needed. I realize that I probably just got a lemon of a battery of an otherwise 5 star drill set.	2
The ring light I received today was defective. The soft tube phone holder that has a round screw to tighten the phone holder is too big & won’t fit inside. I provided pictures. This is a huge disappointment as I waited 5 days to get this when I have Prime!!! And now that it’s finally here it doesn’t work 😑 Yes I’m upset. I’m not sure if I’ll order another from this company.	1
Bought this for my vacation and glad that I did. It smelled great. Will never travel without it again! Great travel size and discrete. Would love to try other scents!	2
Cartridges worked fine, print quality good. Went to replace the black ink with the extra cartridge we received and it won't work.... We've reinstalled and installed and turned off and turned on and everything we can think of but the cartridge does not work and return windows have closed so buy at your own risk.	1
This product is working pretty well the puffiness is gone, the dark circles I fee have started to go away but not completely gone. I would for sure buy this product again.	2
Our guinea pig nibbled it once or twice but otherwise had NO interest in it. We tried several times.	1
After the third time using only plastic utensils the coating is already coming off!	1
I received the product but it had a defective part. Contacted seller through Amazon and they said they’d ship a replacement ASAP. Provided my address and sent 3 emails and left a voicemail requesting status. No response. It’s been over 2 weeks since I first contacted them. Poor customer service.	1
It will break when you drop it and start chipping away in pieces	1
Portable, can be adjusted to use behind your back. Not as comfortable around the neck.	2
Inexpensive way to try different eyeglass/sunglasses holders.	2
I tested out both the green tones set and the earth tones set. The pens write fairly well, color chart shows both sets. It is hard to get a good picture of the glitter tones, but they are all indeed greenish or brownish, some are just so glittery that they read as silver in the picture. Strangely, the green tones set has numbered refills that match the numbered refills in the pens, but the earth tones set has no numbering at all. The cases are really crappy, the one case split open and the pens fell out just from the slight pressure of putting the pen back into the case. For me, this is not really an issue, I rarely keep gel pens in the case they come in, but mentioning this for those who do. If all you want are green and earth tones, then I guess this might be worth paying the higher cost to get only those colors. Honestly though, all of the colors can be found in any number of other sets that are only slightly more expensive and which have as many as 100 other colors to boot. I can't recommend these sets because of that. Just makes no sense to pay a lot for 24 colors when you can add another 5 to 10 bucks, get all of the 24 colors in one of these sets plus 100 more. I give three stars because the pens do actually write well, I take off two stars because I was expecting something in the quality or the colors to set them apart and that did not happen.	2
The Ankle Brace fit well and I do like them. The only draw back is the hole when lacing them up do not match with the inside material so it can be a pain to lace.	2
It does not stay inflated and there is no refunds. This is most disappointing.	1
Was too large for my dog so had to return it. Replaced it with the Starmark small collar which is perfect.	2
I purchased this just prior to Thanksgiving. My husband loved the fried turkey from Popeye's each year but they were getting more and more expensive and they didn't taste the same as the first year. They didn't even say fried anymore so I wanted to find something better. He was nervous with the oil of the turkey fryer's so I thought I'd try this. It was the easiest and best thing ever. The turkey tasted great! The skin wasn't real crispy like you would expect for a freshly fried bird but we don't eat the skin anyway. All I have to do was put the thawed bird (already seasoned and cleaned) in the cooker and turn it on. 2 and half hours later it was done. No more late nights or early mornings up cooking turkey all day. Clean up was easy too. It was well worth the price. I just used it to cook a turkey New Years day and it was delicious. I will be using this more often. It already paid for 2 turkeys from Popeye's.	2
I think I said it all in the heading!	2
I want to contact customer support but I find it hard to find the contact info. I think I got a defective unit. One of the screws doesn’t fully bore through the unit. Too bad because I had to have it shipped to the Philippines and it took two months before I got it (asked somebody to ship it to me).	1
Good quality...fit as a dress though	2
I was expecting a board game that used cards. The way it was described I thought it was a board game. Was looking for board games for our church game night and so haven't got to actually play the game itself, so I'm not sure if the card game is fun or not. I was very disappointed in what I paid and what I received!	1
In the toliet right where he belongs.	2
Size is good for reading. Takes a little time to get used to the operating system. Disappointed that Several apps I use regularly aren’t supported on the Fire Tablet.	2
light on mine came jammed doesnt work at all and compass never faces north and whistle sucks. it dose sharpen somewhat if your in a jam . i think the ferro rod is the best part of this whole setup. not worth the money i paid for it	1
I loved everything about this series. It was erotic, it was romantic and it had intrigue.Just finished #3 and 4 in 2 days just could not put it down till I finished it today. Love love the ending I cried, I am an incurable romantic.	2
great Gate for the price we have a small dog so we didn’t need that heavy duty gate but something that was a deterrent and could move easily by us.	2
I am very pleased with the quality of the product. Also, good price.	2
These last forever and my dog loves them! They don't splinter and I don't worry about her with them.	2
I like the grips but unfortunately the finger Grove's broke while installing I ended up getting them on but had to use a resin to fill in the crack besides that they are awesome I would just recommend installing very carefully	2
I always wear a medium so I got a large. The fit was fine but it looked nothing like the picture. The back was not as long as pictured and the “black” was more of a dark gray. It was also extremely see through. I returned it immediately.	1
Basic nit very steady	2
The product is ok. Some hardware came damaged and the doors don't have the holes to attach. But all in all. 100 bucks well spent. Took another star off since it appears someone in the warehouse carelessly dropped a razor knife into the box and I cut myself grabbing the pieces out. Be careful.	2
I have been having some knee pain as I walk and ride my bike. I've been using this for over a month now and no more pain. I don't even have to wear it all the time, now. Gives my knee extra support.	2
One of the best headphones I’ve ever had...	2
cheaply made, came apart within three weeks.	1
They work as expected. Would have given higher rating but the screw terminals are flimsy and hard to secure wires	2
Great for a skin tight wristband. My wrists were small enough however that I had to cut part of the end off of it so that it didn't wrap back around to the top of my wrist. Took a minute to realize how it goes together and how to put it on oh, but definitely a good wristband for somebody who likes a skin tight fit on their watch. Update: The metal rivet used in this is not made of stainless steel, ie, it is rusting to my skin!	1
The kids are great. I bought them with the stands to start sprouting with jars. They worked fine. Honestly though, I would have liked something simple like a cheap plastic jar tipper...but thought, at the time that more fancy was better. Not necessarily true. You dont need to be able to tip jars at unlimited angles...just far enough to get the water out without clogging the holes.	2
After a few months they started disconnecting randomly. Support says to download a firmware update, but to do that you need the SN. Guess what? I didn't keep the original packaging. Says the number should be on the cord between the earphones, but must have been printed and worn off because it's nowhere to be found. So my earphones are basically worthless now.	2
I have these less than 6 months and they are falling about!	1
Unit works good, other reviews state that it will boil water quickly and that is true in a small pot, the pot has to be slightly smaller than the burner for it to work well, anything larger and it will be slow to boil water and keep it boiling. Other than that it is a great unit and works great.	2
They are awesome cables but I didn't consider the weight when I bought these. I had planned to throw them in my laptop bag, but they are just too heavy. I like the quality and will buy a shorter length to reduce the weight.	2
Ordered Nov 9 didn’t show up until Nov 21st and not in their container, they were all over the shipping box and they looked dirty on the handles !!!! Returned disgusted with the Amazon service anymore.	1
I love the flavor. Wish the size of the bag was bigger	2
All individual wrapped candies were melted during packaging , hence the outside of each candy was sticky. When I opened the outside sealed bag up, my fingers got sticky from grabbing them inside the bag. I don't know if they were packeged that way or it came from shipping. By the time I received them in the mail, they were all sticky inside the wrappers and halfway melted. No sugar coating because it melted.	1
Love the shoe i may have need a eight and a half but I guess when I wear it I'll break it in a little but I do love the shoe	1
Good product. Installed as expected	2
This is adjustable to fit many angels, heights and spaces. The mechanism used to hold the table in place is very durable and high quality. It is easy to adjust where needed and is easy to lock into place. This is an excellent value for the price paid. When my keyboard and mouse are on it together it allows for easy movement. Definitely better than the arm of the recliner chair.	2
I love this little snowman. I make wreaths, and he made a cute one. I like that he is holding the sign let it snow. The only problem I had was that it took a very long time for delivery. So long, infact, that I had completely forgotten I had ordered him. I would order again, but give myself a couple of months for delivery...	2
Best car wash out there.	2
Item was never delivered	1
The bottle leaks where the vent is. It doesn't matter how it is turned. The nipple design in the bottle doesn't allow the calf to fully finish a bottle...leaving around 1/4 C. milk in the bottle each time - that adds up. Disappointed...going back to our Little Giant bottle.	1
Did not work when I got it and they won’t let me return it	1
It's very nice and soft but it's a little small. Keep in mind that I'm 4'11" (19 year old female) so I'm not a very big person... my head is proportionate to my body but right now, I'm stretching it out in hopes that it'll somehow fit because right now it hurts my ears because its pulling on them. I'd only recommend buying this for a child unless you've got a small face...	2
Sooo slow, mundane, flat, predictable. What on earth makes this a romance? The couple doesn't even meet until 50% thru the book. They share no more than a simple kiss 81% into the story. They end up marrying, but there is no real passion between them.	1
Misleading description. Purchased the item thinking it was left hand retrieve, it is a Right hand retrieve.	1
I received this cheese board with a crack right down the section where the crackers are placed. The wood is so thin that there's no wonder it arrived this way or would have broken after a very short time. The cutting tool holder is splintered as well.	1
Installed and working for a good whole. Fits nice and made my obsolete TV work again.	2
I've often bought after market lens hoods because Canon wants must too much for theirs, and mostly they have worked fine. That said, this one isn't so great. Looks great and fits fine, but doesn't lock into place. This makes it easy to rotate and cause vignetting or fall off and get lost. I'll be returning it.	2
It’s amazing but it’s definitely not for short or people with less than average limb measurements. Other than that it’s pure quality	1
A little on the small/dainty side but makes a cool gift.	2
I'm not gonna cry about it but no bubble pack? Come on Amazon you can do better. It's a superb game by the way	2
would not recommend does nothing	1
Too small for a man, and was tight for a womans small wrist. Beads were smaller than indicated in the photo. Still waiting for my refund.	1
Stand is too vertical. I prefer the home button to be on my left side	2
The color is pretty good When i need warmer just turn on Wait 10's can be heat heated quickly I can hang it in the bag Looking nice, love it	2
Sticky Lips up on front barely attached not attached all the way	1
Great price & love the cover!	2
No success... and one of the bottles was empty	1
Well made. Nice alternative to plastic. Pleasant scent in our opinion. Very pretty. Anti-static seems to be true. Noticeable difference. Only negative is that it may be hard to sculpt precise hairstyles due to its thickness and the teeth being closer together.	2
Durable and flexible, but does not fast charge my Galaxy S8.	1
Fits loosely in floor jack but not to loose not to work. Trans sits kind of high TH 350 top is about 29" off ground Chain is useless need strap to hold in place Angle Adjustment is poorly aligned but does work A low quality but useable tool.	2
Very unreliable I only had it a short time and it would work intermittently. I WOULD NOT RECOMEND THIS PRODUCT.	1
Missing the dish and lid. takes a long time to be shipped.	1
Top area of shoes has developed torn holes. Inside padding has shredded. WTH? Only used for walking around.	1
Bought this before noticing it has peppermint oil in it. Not safe for cats. Will be returning	1
Waste of money. This product was completely ineffective. I followed the directions and I was extremely dissatisfied with the lack of results.	1
Never received the item because I live in this jail cell CALIFORNIA where nothing is allowed.	1
I don't understand why these rose petals smell like FISH. Not even just a faint smell, but like a really really bad stench. And the rose petals come compact/ stuck together. Be ready to sit and peel off each petal. Other than the stench and the time required to take apart the petals, it looks the way it's supposed to.	1
Broke....had to return it....but it was a funny shirt	1
ONE OF THE PANELS IS STITCHED HIGHER SO GREEN SHOWS ON ONE AND NOT THE OTHER..	2
The spring work's ,it doesn't lower the trigger weight.	1
Took a long time to setup	1
It was okay for a couple of months, then it started having problems: the Bluetooth connection would stop in middle of a song/etc and had to be paired again. Two weeks of that, and then it just stopped working all together. In the trash it went.	1
Easy to put together. Instructions make it seem harder than it is. Digital computer fails completely. Timer skips, heart rate monitor horribly off. Hoping to hear from support and will update, if fixed. Update: Manufacturer would need me to return the entire bike; they can't just exchange the display, unfortunately. Amazon was good at helping me with this. Since this is a common issue reported for this bike, I would only recommend it, if the display is not a priority. It is compact, cute and completely silent.	1
Works as advertised, no issues installing this belt.	2
These appear to fit a bit smaller.	2
The flashlight is a good performer at a good price.	2
My four nieces (ages: 7, 5, 4 and 2) had a blast with the Kitty ears! Fun and a nice selection of colors. Great for their dress ups.	2
The lid itself is hard to screw on The bottle is quite wide itself to hold Coldest water I have ever had :)	2
very cheap looking and arrived broken	1
luv luv luv! I bought this particular color bc it qas on sale. I love how soft they are! the wash and dry well! I wish they made them for my bed!!	2
Nice quality. Delivered on time and as advertised	2
I hung the wind chime out back and within the hour the glass ball was laying on the ground. I glued it back on and so far it is still where it should be.	2
I have had this dvd player sense January and it's the end of June and it has already stopped reading Dvds. Pathetic! Don't waste your money on this!	1
Hard to form the clay into the shape of the picture frame, but the stamp letters are better than other similar products without it.	2
So after purchasing this product with my prime account it shows up a week after it originally said and when it actually did show up the box was damaged. NOT happy at all.	1
It was already damaged when we opened the box	1
We’ve had it for 3 months and almost immediately the phone started falling off EVERY time we put it up. It’s frustrating, especially when we have any drinks in the cup holders under it. But it does not hold my IPhone XR.	1
Don't bother with this. It may be free but it's far far far from accurate	1
This product was a wedding gift that never came on the day it was suppose to, so I wasn't able to give it at the wedding. When i checked tracking it was delivered to my neighbors house. My address is plain to see on my porch.	1
This was a gift. I never liked these guys or their music. It was for the funeral of the son of a friend of mine, and for that you don't say no.	2
The most life-like lure I have seen. The action is tremendous and very very well made. Excellent all round.	2
I received my roll today. It must be very old because the white paper will not peel off the adhesive strip. It is totally useless!!	1
My cats love it but it Falls apart easily	1
It vacuums great, but the battery dies quick.	2
Battery had a dead cell.	2
Very accurate. Easy to read and easy to use.	2
It is the nicest best reception and sounding small box I have found. I returned 2 other types but this one is a keeper so far.	2
Worked perfectly as described	2
It’s a great product if you like to go to pool parties and like to swim a lot. The sound quality could be better but when you put your ipod under the water the water amplifies the sound. The charging and sound dock area could be better with how it’s made.	2
This is perfect for outdoor workouts to hold my phone and keys. There is an interior clip to secure your keys. Highly recommended.	2
The paint job was horrible and it fell apart almost immediately.	1
I really liked the product. It was very very useful, convenient and easy to use so I was disappointed when it suddenly it stopped working within 90 days. I contacted Amazon support who connected me to the manufacturer who immediately contacted me and is sending me a replacement unit. It's discouraging when you have a product you like and it fails prematurely but when you get great customer service immediately when you contact them and get a fast replacement all is well. Looking forward to using it again. I'll update this review if anything changes.	2
It's not great they were pain in the ass to open kind of generic looking but other than that not bad since we're great lasted a long time May by again can't remember but the price was	1
Not the best. I was expecting a little more out of a Coleman. I had another air mattress of there's that I used that was crazy comfortable and I used for months. This needed air every other day and not nearly as comfortable. Wouldn't want to spend more than a night or two on it. But for the price its not a bad option for kids and sleep overs and such. So three star total plus one for price.	2
This is a nice case and fits very well. I bought because my iPhone 8+ has a glass back and slides around. This case is almost just as slippery as the glass back.	1
It’s a cool looking shirt but the material is rough ... not soft at all	2
I brought this product about two weeks ago, I am used only one time because it doesn’t work anymore! I’m so disappointed with this product, I just waisted my money!	1
It is so cute ! ! ! But within 15 minutes, maybe less, was coming apart. Poor puppy has fallen in love with his new friend! I would not recommend to a friend unless they love vultures. 5 stars for appearance, 1 star for dog-friendliness.	1
Super cute! Any Pop without a base is a little wobbly.	2
They are ok, but hurt my eyes when used to remove eye makeup - I would not call them gentle	2
I wholeheartedly wanted to give this denim jumper five stars because it's such a stylish and versatile piece. It is good quality like the jeans I purchased previously in this brand. My issue with the jumper is the same as previous reviewers, the straps. They are way too long and impossible to adjust. I like the jumper so much that if I can find someone who can fix the straps, I will keep it. If not, I will be returning it. Also, look closely at sizing. I'm an 8, and an XL was a perfect fit.	2
I got these to use with my ps4 assuming i could listen to team chat AND talk through the mic. Didnt work and when i spoke to customer service about it they just told me to do something that i had already tried (and didnt work.) They are nice as headphones but i needed the mic to actually work too. :(	1
I used amazon to services to determine the correct bulb for my car which inaccurately recommended this bulb. it does not fit and the seller does not accept returns (even though it was ordered as prime). Beware when ordering that you due more diligence than me to identify the right bulb and don't rely on what amazon suggests.	1
After about 6 months of use the water started to smell and taste bad, had to run the water for 30 seconds first, ended up removing the filter, but this was nowhere near 3 year performance expectation.	1
We feed several cats using these kinds of small plates. They are a bit flimsy and food left on them will seep through, but great for our use	2
These oils hardly smell like anything I had to use like half the bottle in my diffuser and still barely had a smell. I was hoping to like these because of the price but they’re not good. 2 stars because they weren’t expensive.	1
Package never arrived. However your customer service refunded my money in a timely fashion which I greatly appreciated.	1
I just opened up the package and my first thought is that the color is very different than the picture (much lighter). Also, the ends of the pieces are really thin and wispy. If I were to order this product again, I would get the longer extensions so that I could trim the ends so they would appear thicker.	2
Its a good toy... My son loves it. I thought it would be gender neutral but its very pink 😄	2
Unfortunately I was in a pinch when buying these nipples bc we can’t find them in the store anywhere near us. I don’t usually give poor ratings but we received 2 packages of the correct nipples and 1 package of the wrong level nipples. I have reached out to the seller via Amazon message & it said allow a couple days but it’s not been a couple days, I have not heard from the seller, & I need to use the nipples today. :(	2
The shirt itself is great. I wear small/medium and I purchased a large just in case. It's tight. It will be a miracle if I survive the night without pulling an Incredible Hulk.	2
Larger than expected very sturdy nice chair. grandchild always fell asleep when it came 10 min TV time.	2
Beware this does not fit a simple Bud Light bottle as advertised... Not sure what it would fit>????	1
I ordered the medium and they're a bit large on me. Rather than send them back, I decided to simply pull them on over my riding pants/capris. This way they don't need to be laundered every day.	2
This is for my sons bday. Box came extremely damaged, looks like the product had been opened and poorly taped shut. Feel like I just threw $20 in the trash. I hate giving bad reviews, but this is really disappointing.	1
Item is clearly displayed as the US version. Yet I received the Japanese version. I understand that the controllers are not region locked, so US and Japanese consoles and controllers can work together. But that's not the point. I ordered and paid for the US version and did not receive that. So that results in me being an unsatisfied customer.	1
Was walking my dog and one fell out (they are big for my ears) and broke as seen on the picture. Do not waste your money.	1
The milk is fine but the expiration date is in 1 day...from the delivery date.	1
My product was thrown on the ground	2
Arrived broken. Ineligible for a return. Won’t buy from seller again.	1
The brushes were nice quality. Some of the brushes are a little too large, so they are hard to get full coverage on. Overall, pretty good purchase.	2
I have been waiting for a very long time. My order was never received even though the records show it as delivered. I was here all day, that includes the time of 'delivery'. The package was never delivered.	1
Works great! They are very sticky for a project my child was working on.	2
I like that my tea is all organized, my husband laughed as I have too much to fit in this	2
Shampoo came in too small of a box (2, 1 gallon containers), both lids had broken off leading to a leak. Thankfully the shampoo smells good haha.	2
My laptop keyboard doesn't have the Numpad. So I was looking for some full wireless keyboard within budget. The design of the keyboard is very neat and feels very nice to type. The mouse was a bonus. Very responsive and much better than the finger pad on my laptop. If you’re looking for a good wireless keyboard and mouse combo, then this product is a great option!	2
This is a cute pillowcase and appears as advertised, but it is pretty rough, scratchy, cheap material. Basically cotton with the lowest possible thread count.	2
Great pillows! Very soft feel to them.	2
Great while they last. I have never had one last a full year. You can do better than this Garmin.	1
Well i got this candle for my sister and brother-in-law for a Christmas gift, along with other things. I had them light the candle while they were making dinner, about an hour or so after they started to smell something. It actually smelled pretty bad. They couldn’t figure out what it was until about 20 mins went by and my sister smelled it coming from the candle. Overall it’s a good gag gift. The markings on the label could be a little bit better but overall it’s pretty cool. I would recommend to buy as a gag gift for someone.	2
I love this purse, it’s the perfect size and great quality! I took off one star because it does smell quite bad. I was able to get the smell to go away with a few days of airing out coupled with a few coats of fabreeze	2
Great companies produce great products.	2
Broke after a month but it does work	1
Besides the handle being too short to effectively reach all of a 6 foot males back areas . It smoother than glass soaked in motor oil . You cannot get a secure grip on this thing with soapy hands . Resulting in it frequently escaping your grip and falling in the shower ,	2
I never received my backpacks. But the money was taken out of my acct	1
Very nice summary of the history of the doomed ship. Learned a lot. Book was sometime repetitive, but if you are interested in Titanic, good read.	2
Because it's as airtight as one can get without being hermetically sealed, any air inside the pillow will billow up when you lay your head on the pillow. If you pay your head on it and then zipper it, then there isn't enough air in it to be comfortable. I had to give it up because it was messing up the angle of my neck when I slept. I am keeping it on the "extra" pillow on my bed (the ones not under my head).	2
The flour was actually mailed in an opened state and placed in a secondary bag. That was definitely NOT done by the manufacturer.	1
The head of the ring is much smaller that the picture indicated by the proportions. The ring otherwise is nice, but it is miniature compared to how it looks in the picture, probably 1/4” instead of 1”. Sent it back.	2
I bought these for my 19 year old son for Christmas in gunmetal. He loves them and wears them all the time. Arrived on time and are very well made. Highly recommend!	2
We use bamboo toothbrushes in our house but I haven't found any for babies so I figured we would try these. They work really good and have had no issues.	2
They were Christmas presents for my boys. They did work and they liked them.	2
Never quite sure where we were going. Do journalists really track down stories like this? Lots of action and intrigue although I was not happy about the abrupt ending.	2
The product arrived in good shape, but there were several items missing. We were missing a couple of parts, all of the hardware, as well as the instructions. Had to return the whole item.	1
Very oily to apply, has unpleasant smell and inefficient (used for 2 months and no change whatsoever)	1
I was disappointed because the little hedge hog family that this was supposed to come with didn't come with it. I read reviews that other people got the little hedge hog family. It isn't super solid either. Cheaply made. Very small size.	1
Pros - The compact size is really nice. Cons - Not durable. The one side of the pliers tool snapped off the first time we used it.	1
This is the worst food treats for my cats they walk away I want my money back?????????	1
The ink did not last very long, went back to my hp ink	2
the dumb thing is the receipt does not identify what item is being insured by the policy I bought.	1
I think the four star review on these is fixed because these light bulbs do not fit in the Chevy Camaro	1
I really love this shampoo and conditioner combo. I never thought a dual product would make my hair as clean and smooth as separate products do, but this totally lives up. It really cuts down my shower time and makes packing for travel easier. I have super thin, color treated hair and it works great. Keep in mind: It does not lather up as much as other products, but it's definitely still getting the job done. I highly recommend it!	2
I've worn these shoes about 10x and have slick spots on the already. I have off brands that lasted 6 months. Not these	1
This fragrance is beautiful! I already had a sample. Wanted a small bottle to take on vacation. One ounce sells for $85. Thought I was getting a bottle rather than a sample. I think the sample received will last the whole week as the other one did, but still disappointed. Again, the smell is heavenly!!!	2
I love this book its awesome for kids to do	2
This stuffed goat is precious!! It's SO incredibly soft! It's a tad more than I'd normally pay for a stuffed animal but you can tell it's great quality	2
Did not work.I returned them,	1
I got the pearl hairpin clip set for my wife and daughter. I bought this set because they looked nice in the photos and I was not disappointed.The quality is fine. After using them for a week, they have shown no sign of breaking. Since it was only used for one week, I don't know the specific durability. If there are any questions about the quality, I will make a supplement comment to that.Great style. It's classy, beautiful and fashionable. My wife and daughter love this pearl hairpin. It is indeed a good choice as a gift.Hairclips are a bit bigger than I thought. It can pin all my daughter's hair (she is 9 years old has beautiful long hair). But my wife and daughter look great with this hairpin.The artificial pearls are securely fastened and look to be good quality too. After days of use, they still look as they did when they arrived. I was very surprised at how nice it all is for the price.One thing to note is that the decorative pins have nothing on the end of it to stop the hair slipping out. And the clips can get caught on the pearl and not close properly if you are not careful. So they will not hold your hair in place without something else supporting them. The value for money of these pearl pins and clips is brilliant. They may not be perfect, but the limitations are easy to work around. My daughter and wife love them!	2
I use this repeater in an apartment for the purpose of bringing a hard Ethernet port to a surround sound receiver that doesn’t support WiFi. The signal strength from the original router is good. The repeater is easy to set up and works great...for a few hours, but then loses connection with the router. After that I am forced to go through the setup again which takes a few minutes each time. I will be sending this back.	1
Great product. really like it	2
They came very dried out and I have been trying to rehydrate them. The site should have included directions for care.	1
Arrived in good condition They are ok but a little heavy.	2
Best water bottle I’ve ever used! Sturdy, durable, doesn’t leak water, and encourages me to drink throughout the day. I told my gf to get one too but she didn’t listen, now she wants to use mine!	2
The V600 does a great job scanning, but it is very slow scanning film and slides.	1
Failed to change after ample time. I bought this based on all the great reviews. A replacement was sent. It only operated the label maker when plugged in.	1
Great product but need the larger sizes for more than a week long trips.	2
I would have given this a better rating however the kit came without the bulbs. I had to pay another $40 for bulbs. I have a friend that purchased the same kit and the bulbs came packed in the lights. I contacted Amazon and was told that it says there are no bulbs included and that I can send them back. That was all well and good but I already had them installed by then. . I have read over the information about the kit but I see nothing that says not included. The lights were great but I would recommend trying to get a kit that includes bulbs.	1
The cotton fabric is soft and I love the color assortment options	2
I truly enjoyed tis series, good characters and a fast paced story. I can't wait for the next book to come out	2
Product not wrapped properly and arrived smashed I a soggy box. Since the company will not allow replacements or refunds, I am out $28 for nothing. Zero stars.	1
Bought as a gift and was well received.	2
I like strong coffee. I found that this works wonderfully as a Cold Brew coffee! Now when I am at home I make this instead of trying to brew espresso and I am happy.	2
Good quality set. My wife says they will do the trick.	2
Missing 7mm. Got two 5mm instead. My set is incomplete. Bummer!	2
The light button came off after 1 use. Still usable though	2
This product seemed awesome at first! Keeping the water warm and with good pressure. That is, until my boyfriend used it a second time. It quickly went from a shower to a drizzle to a drip in the span of less than 10 seconds upon trying to use it a second time the next day. We are incredible disappointed with this product and will be replacing it with a better one from a different maker.	1
Play one time and you'll be hooked!!	2
disappointed as it is too big for a key chain, may be about 3 to 4 inch in dia.	1
I've been using this for a couple months now. Its ok. Sometimes it doesn't always allow fast charging	2
The dress fit perfectly. It fit according the the size. Also an advantage of the dress is that it has pockets. The pockets are actual functional pockets. The dress is also long enough to be a long dress for taller girls. I highly recommend this dress. It's a good deal for a good dress.	2
This is a helpful tool as a police officer I use it to measure distances on car crashes. I like that it comes in a carry case.	2
Just be aware...every part of this "game" is very flimsy. No way young children could play this without destroying it. An adult would have to spend the whole time policing how rough the kids touch anything which is no fun at all. The idea is great...and if a little extra money would have been spent on quality parts...would be a great toy.	2
Did not keep the avocado fresh. Avocado still needed to be eaten within 2 days.	1
The hinges and latch were a bit crooked but otherwise works well.	2
I only received 10 chains, I ordered 20. I've emailed the seller over and over again and can not get a response. The 10 chains I did receive are nice and well worth the money, but I'm giving 2 stars because they only shipped half of my order and refuse to respond to emails.	1
I'd look elsewhere. Most of these were in the trash within the first week.	1
You must be deeply in love of God to be able to fully understand why Henrietta give up her love over serving others and standing by in her calling.	2
Great Beginner information for those looking into going carnivore. This is a short but extremely effective book. I do not want to go into why or how low carb diets work, I am just telling you that this diet is really effective. This book quickly gives you the tools needed to follow a carnivorous diet. It will be something you can quickly refer to and see what you are doing right or wrong. I do recommend.	2
Oh boy these are great! Really enjoying all the cases covered in this set!	2
Very nice just what I needed	2
I hate it that you already want a opinion on something that I do not have yet. You need to give in one of the stars for your reviews that have not received the product yet.	1
I had previously purchased Aesthetica Cosmetics Mini Beauty Sponge Blender - Makeup Sponge Applicator for Small Areas - 2 Pack, for about $8. I loved those sponges for applying under eye concealer. My makeup has never looked so GOOD! I decided to try this brand, because you get 6 for under $9. These are just as great and I love being able to toss makeup sponges, on a regular basis, to avoid any bad buildup. Small sponges are AWESOME and why pay a ton more when the products are almost identical?!!	2
Awesome water flosser, but did not come with a cup that is pictured in the instructions. You will need to buy another piece or use a normal cup to operate. Also did not have plug for the wall, only a USB. Why have a USB? I had to use a plug from my iPhone	2
Well built and good fit, I'd give 5 stars but the hole for the charging port is too small to charge the pencil.	2
They don’t seem very durable and almost looked as if they had been used but considering the price I’m not complaining	2
Works almost as good as my doctor prescribed meds, without all the side effects.	2
These look great on the car and are holding up so far. We'll see how they look after winter :)	2
Works but if the threads are bad it mares the chaser up as well not that high quality metal	1
I had ordered these previously and was very happy; they had come in a flat box so that all the liners were flat. This time, they are all rolled up and no matter what I do, they aren't flat.	1
As easy to install as a headlight bulb. It is just a lot more expensive	2
They fit well and I don't need to worry about them riding up or moving. Everything stays in place and no chaffing problems. This is my third pair, got tired of constantly washing them right after I use them. I bought the first pair a few years ago and they're as good as the day I bought them!	2
I recently had a two day trip to the West Coast and got the opportunity to use my new Polare Duffel Bag - what can I say, another great quality product, very utilitarian, spacious and plenty of room for my clothes and accessories. I carried it on the plane, received a couple comments on how nice the bag looked. Looks and functionality, what more could you ask for..... Thanks Polare for another great product experience.	2
Very sturdy, drawstring top cover I don’t need	2
This was definitely a better mailbox than I expected. The depth is around what I expected, but the width was much wider. Great quality, cost, size	2
Really cute LEGO set	2
We've had these for a few nights and they work great! We have them in frosted globes at the bottom and top of our stairs and they work without fail! It even cuts on if we move in the range of motion, in our room which is the other side of a wall! I will be ordering more and will update if any issues arise.	2
This is so tiny it's unreal. I was so upset when I received this in the mail. The paintings are the size of a deck of cards.	1
Love this product! It makes my fingers and nails look nice and moisturized and healthy. It heals fast. It smells nice. It came packaged nicely and fast! Definitely recommend!	2
Very good value for the price and will reorder again. Quickly shipped and in good condition.	2
Material was a little thinner than expected but all in all good little bag.	2
This is horrible! Loading is very clunky. It’s easier and faster to do by hand.	1
Doesn’t fit very well on an iPad. Constantly slipping off	1
Thought I was getting a box of matching male AND female connectors, instead just a box of female ones. never saw them packaged separately, so I missed the "(female spade)" at the end of the description, they should LEAD with that. Well mad, box is not as shown in the pictures though, has only horizontal divider, not verticals.	2
Junk. Do not buy this. It had an issue with one of the drives after only a year or so. When I recovered it, all my files are gone.	1
We bought this to add as a topper to our memory foam mattress, and boy does it help with that super firm mattress. That said, I would almost say this helps a little too much. I'm very, very glad I didn't get the 4 inch topper, because 3 is already plenty. We've had it for just over a month and I see no issue with it breaking down yet, though I would hope not for this short period of time.	2
I loved it until it broke. It's great for looseleaf paper but the quality is meh	2
This is great. I started looking into this after the Flint Michigan incident. I wanted to know that my drinking water is safe. It will also come in handy this summer when I have to test the pool all the time. Yay 😃 no more test strips!!! Also has a black light. Even comes with the batteries- all set up	2
Fits small and color was different from pictures.	1
The rolling pin is simply a useful tool to have in the kitchen and a must-have for bakers. This one, in particular, is long, tough, easy to use and clean. Basically it works like how a rolling pin should work. While I am not a baker, I use this to roll my chicken breast to make it thinner. A recipe passed down by Gordon Ramsey himself. Without the rolling pin, I would not have been able to achieve the desired thickness for the maximum crispiness for the chicken. :). Just kidding (or am I), overall great product.	2
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT FROM THIS SELLER!!!!!!!! Only reason I gave one star is because I can’t give zero.. because I never got the product from the seller, and they won’t return any of my emails or money.	1
Have used that a lot	2
I liked the design for the first month but then the latch on the end broke off and now sometimes it will pop off and I'll lose it for a bit. Good short term strap but deffinitly could have been better.	2
I needed some cute and powerful in my room to play music and this serves that purpose. Bass is not as heavy as I would like but, it’s a pill. What do you expect. It also holds a nice charge and pairing is easy.	2
I really like this pest repeller so far. Pretty straight-forward directions. Just press button at top to change setting. I have dogs in the house. Doesn't bother them at all. I definitely recommend getting this one if you have not tried it.	2
I brought for my sister and she said it is not good compare with her old one.	1
The color was not what I wanted on the picture it looked like a deep purple but it lighter & had more of a pink tint!	1
Easy to put together, very sturdy	2
I have not used the product yet, but it was recommended by a friend. It was delivered promptly.	2
Used for my son first bday it looks perfect	2
Was a nice bookbag. Then it broke after just 2 months!	1
Bought a new car so this is my second Rexing camera.With the sue everybody climate today and the fact I live in the 7th highest insurance fraud state, having a dash cam is a no brainer. Installation is simple and even easier with the optional hard wire kit. Daytime front and rear video is excellent. The night rear video is usable but could be better, front night video is very good. The verdict: A good choice for the money.	2
Not what I expected. Cheaply made	1
Ordered this TWICE and never received it. It even charged my card.	1
Received the vest today... fits to size, comfortable, designed/does what it is supposed to do and has a lot of pockets!!!!	2
Looks cool but smart watch tech isn't up to par with current technology	2
It fit exactly where I wanted to use it in my truck!!!! It got my phone in my line of sight to be able to use my navigation app!!!!	2
Cheap plastic that sheds everyday on the counter	1
Lightweight and good size	2
These handle look great but unfortunately seem to be a little looser and noisier than the same brand and model that I bought at a big box store.	2
The size was smaller than I expected	2
This was a gift and sent to a different address so I never actually saw the case. However the person who received said it fits fine. Sorry, that’s all I can say.	2
The sheets feel nice but move on the bed. The corners are the only part that tucks. The rest of the sheet is cut to set on the top of ther mattress which allows it to move. Would not have purchased if I knew they were cut like this. Not returning them tho.	2
I was a little disappointed as this came with no packaging and I was not sure I was given the full amount quoted online.	2
My fault for reading more into. Does not hold it's adjustment height. Falls in after a bit of usage. Looks sturdy till you use it.	1
Love the feel of the socks but just a little short.	2
Delivers fast, easy to use and great price. Happy with my purchase	2
This cracked within the first week of use. Would not buy this again.	1
2 of the 3 work perfectly tight fit and works great with my charger.	2
They don't fit and seller won't take them back!	1
For a home coffee maker at this price I was expecting a little more. It was quick, the coffee was pretty good. But I did not like that it was constantly heating the water. I didn't like how large it was. And the water came out too quick causing grounds to overflow.	1
The product was as expected however it came in a garbage bag all tangled up and twisted. Would not recommend buying from this site unless your don't mind wasting your time to untangle. Not happy....huge pain!	1
Good deal works great	2
Framed out and durable. It survived the birthday party and now we just have to find a home for it in our home.	2
I HATE buying headphones on Amazon because I always feel like I'm going to get crap. I bought these and I am super happy. Bass is good, vocals can seem distant at the time, but they are good enough. The eartips rock (foam is the way to go), everything is constructed well, I like the chord, and the colors are sweet. I'll be buying these again.	2
VERY NICE electric kettle. I use for water in my Moka pot & for tea daily. I've had it a month & very happy with my choice. Recommend this pot.	2
Followed the directions exactly. Applied multiple times, and used the brush included. Did not remove any wax, complete waste of time and money.	1
The perfect gift for someone who turned out to be a blessing in my life.	2
They have no support and slip off feet.	2
I love this case SO MUCH	2
Sturdy and very pretty. However the side rails seem to be constructed in reverse to me. There is an overlap of the top rail on the sides that does not allow crib mobile or toys to sit straight as the edge seems opposite how it should be. The mobiles tilt sideways dues to this, making it lean into the crib as it is not flush. In fact, even when it was going together I kept insisting it should not be put together this way (drove my son and husband crazy with it because I kept saying it made no sense for the top rail to sit that way) until I pulled up the picture online here and enlarged it.....sure enough it's backwards design is how it goes.	2
A little too bright.	2
Great price but one of the cables was defective.	2
Arrived quickly, works great!	2
Its a lot thinner material than what I was hoping for, I didn’t like the quality, basically for double the price your purchasing clothing no different than what you will find at walmart.	1
Vendor sent wrong part, two sets of rear mud flaps, missing front mud flaps!	1
Very little privacy at night. You can see right through it.	1
in the picture it shows that it will come in a grayish black it came in a blue	1
Edges of the screen protector did not seal against a Samsung Galaxy S7.	2
This worked for one day! Never glowed after that.	1
They sent me a different brand jacket all together. The Ambience one that is also being sold on amazon. No fitting to it at all, like wearing a mens jacket.And they sent me the wrong size. I ordered an XL and got a 1X. Beyond disappointed.	1
It’s exactly what it said it was.	2
Just starting the process 1 month in, but it’s easy to use and only need to do it every other day!	2
Cool stickers but they sent me two of the same sticker.... I wanted to have the stickers on both sides of my truck and have both flags forward facing but unfortunately only the passenger side sticker is forward facing while the driver side sticker is a retreating flag... Bummer. Looks weird. Wish they would have thought about which side to put the adhesive on so that both flags can be forward facing on each side of a vehicle.	1
They look bigger in the picture but they’re actually quite small. Recommend for short hair.	2
The scarf is smaller than I expected. It’s also very thin (in the second picture, I put a sticky-note underneath the scarf and you can see right through it. The scarf reminds me of tissue paper). Definitely too expensive for the size and quality.	2
These earrings are SO cute! They look just as they do in the picture and I love wearing them. They seem to be of good quality so far. Cannot beat the price	2
They do not offer returns and they sent me the wrong size. Unacceptable.	1
It works well as a memory device of where I went and where I still need to go.	2
very gritty... Doesnt work very well with any medium ive tried yet. It does glow nicely but the texture leaves something to be desired.	2
Reading this didn't feel like I'd already read it before which is sometimes an issue with his-rom's due to the narrow rules of the time. That is high praise from me. Also, zero sexy times. That's not a complaint, just a surprise as those books are usually labeled "sweet" but this one wasn't.	2
I ordered this table and the first one that arrived was broken or just wasn’t put together well by the manufacturer from the start. One table leg wasn’t able to be tightened on and one of the chairs was seriously dangerous where the seat back attached to the chair... it was loose and the screws couldn’t be tightened in completely. To their credit, I placed a request to have a new one sent and I’d planned to return the damaged set. They did a priority shipment and it was delivered the same day. Kudos on that note, for sure. Now, when the 2nd table arrived, I began putting it together. All seemed well, until I got to the last leg of the 2nd chair where there was something wrong with the screw portion that connected it to the base of the chair. Couldn’t get it to tighten and stay in with solid integrity. I would have been annoyed enough to send it back and not ask for a replacement the 2nd time, however I hadn’t shipped the first defective set back yet. Fortunately, one of the chair legs from the original damaged set, worked perfectly with the new set. So, it’s put together properly and is very sturdy. I would recommend this table set because when you get it all worked out and put together properly, it’s very sturdy and was ultimately what I was looking for when I originally ordered it. I’d suggest that if you do order this table, if the 1st one comes partially damaged and you order a replacement set, wait to ship the damaged one back until you get the replacement set successfully put together. With 2 sets, you’re bound to end up with all the proper functioning parts. It’s a great little table and chairs set for the price, and Lord knows, I price shopped the snot out of these things. Seems as if this is a common complaint about this particular table / chairs set... but again, customer service was pretty awesome and they were extremely quick to attempt to rectify the issues. Just heed my advice of not returning until you get one set completely put together successfully. LOL	2
Elegant and simplistic dress. Runs larger than expected. Great price. Would definitely try brand again.	2
Great lotion at an unbeatable price.	2
Trust the other reviews and save yourself the aggravation! I really like the print on this pillowcase-thus the 3 stars. However, as others have stated, the zipper opening is ridiculously tiny!!! It will take a team of people to wrangle a body pillow into the tiny opening on this pillowcase. It's half as big as the small end of the case. I guess they must have only had tiny zippers on hand? Anyway, after struggling for 10 minutes, I was completely frustrated by my inability to fit the pillow through the zippered opening, and just gave up. I could see the signs of stress on the pillowcase at the zipper's end, and am afraid it's going to rip next time I try to put a pillow in there. Bummer... :(	2
Love her writings and to have some favorites in a smaller book to carry to the beach has been amazing.	2
My favorite peeler got lost, probably went out with the peels. This one is pretty good. I think I can get used to it. Peels nicely and quickly.	2
Durable and solid protective case. Although the case doesn't add bulk, it does add mass. The extra battery juice gives me about 2.5 days of use before both sources are down to 0%. The case started to not work with my phone, but with the support from the vendor they helped me fix this issue. I would recommend this product if looking for modest battery case for prolonged "cordless" use.	2
I ordered these to travel with and ended up when my young grandkids saw them they loved having their drinks of water from them. ( They did colapse too easily) So fascinated with how they can colapse and pull back up. We have not been able to use the largest one because there is a place on the top of the rim where it is jagged therefore not safe to use. I had not checked the whole set thoroughly and the time had passed where it was too late to return back to Amazon. Wish that there was a way to replace the large one.. Thanks.	2
Not the color I wanted but it works well	2
They would be great if and when I can get our dog to use them as they were intended. But he sees them as a toy and runs off with them. God knows where they are. LOL Haven't seen them for days.	2
These work! New favorite!I might cut one in half to make it a little easier to handle. Other than that definitely a great buy.	2
Overall pretty good but the sound comes out quieter than other AUX cords.	2
This bumper is a great choice if you enjoy the beauty of your iPhone X and don't want to cover it. The protection is moderate so if you tend to drop your phone often, consider that the coverage is not maximum. FRONT: The front of the bumper is nearly flush with the screen. When running your fingers along the edge, you can feel a small increase which gives the glass minimal protection. As long as you have protective glass your phone should be safe from damage. REAR: The rear of the bumper has little extensions on each corner and the sides are flush. The corner extensions are great and will serve as added protection for the rear glass of the phone. BUTTONS: The right sleep and on button works perfectly and is easy to control. The volume buttons are easily controlled just the same. LEFT MUTE BUTTON: This is difficult to slide to mute the phone or turn it back on only because it's set deeper into the bumper. If you're a nail biter you may not be able to use this while the bumper is on without sticking a pen or something sharp into the opening. SPEAKERS: So far so good. The speakers (both top and bottom) seem to be totally exposed allowing clear sound. POWER ACCESS: If you're using a standard apple approved power cord you'll be fine. The power port is easily accessed. I've had other bumpers and this by far is the best if you can deal with the left mute button being a bit difficult to access. This is the ONLY REASON I did NOT GIVE IT FIVE STARS...	2
Never received - We left SC on May 2nd.	1
We got this for our small laundry room. It was easy to install. The only tricky part is getting the line taught so it does not sag under the weight of clothes. Once we looked at the photos, it was easy enough to figure out. The hook holds it very stable.	2
I tested positive for ovulation for three days in a row?????? I thought woman only ovulate 1day ???	2
after a couple of weeks the velcro becomes weak and always seems to come off.	2
Love it. Works well, quiet. Will be ordering a larger one for living room. This one is great for a smaller room.	2
Did not come with any mounting hardware	2
Worked well fixing my truck	2
These didn't fit the plates, even though our plates were right in the middle of the sizes mentioned in the description. They would just fall off. Also there were no directions and I couldn't figure out how to mount them. Do you need another piece of hardware, like nails? I couldn't tell.	1
Not as comfortable as I thought it would be.	1
Pretty good for the price. Smaller than I expected.	2
This is a nice, lightweight little heater with good safety features. It worked great for about 2 weeks, then only worked intermittently for a few days until it quit working completely. I contacted the seller with detailed info on the issue, and got a 'canned' response telling me to do exactly what the directions for use read. I replied back once again describing what the problem was and never did get another response. Returned the item.	1
The hanging strips included with board do not stick to the board at all. Will have to find alternative way to hang board.	1
Amazing!! I couldn’t put this one down. I love it!! True love is amazing and this story really touched my heart!!	2
Awesome! This is so cool, it’s just how I saw it on YouTube and it came even earlier than expected. I haven’t used yet though but I am giving four stars for its beauty alone so if it works perfectly, I will come back to give a five stars. A friend saw it and has asked me to order one for her, hope it works well to save me from embarrassment	2
It says you get both planeswalker decks and i got two of the same. With little to no support on how to fix this problem.	1
I’m used to using sponges so I don’t really like these. I do, however, like that they are reusable.	2
It is cheap and works.	2
Case fits good on zte zmax pro by metro PCS. One down fall is the case is heavy with phone . Grip is good. Easy to put on.	2
Tore 10 minutes after my wife put them on. Poorly made!	1
Item broke after wearing for less than a month. Luckily it was when I was home, otherwise my fitbit would have been lost as I did not even feel it come off at all.	1
Eh. Looks better in the photo. Also a bit large.	1
Too Bushy, the lashes aren't straight like there's hair that touch almost your eyebrow. Would not recommend.	1
Very nice item. Light and comfortable. Doing it job	2
A lot smalle and cheaper looking but It does the trick	2
Great price and product quality and delivery	2
Helmet does what other bike helmet do...except it is super cute and my little one really enjoys looking in the mirror while wearing the helmet.	2
I like the way the book is written to reveal the story through different characters. Effective technique. Worth the read.	2
I wanted to hang plants up high on my new deck. At maximum height, the hanging plants were not much higher than the railing. We tried to use them anyways, and could not find a way to firmly attach them to the deck rail - there simply is not enough overhang on the bracket to keep the plants from falling and smashing on the ground below within hours. It seems very sturdy, but only suitable for birdfeeders or windchimes. The adjustment screw has rusted within a month of being outside.	1
Didnt bring the older looking tires back to life any. I could have used vaseline for that look	1
It tastes good but it’s runny. More like a chocolate drink than a spread. I wont by it again unless they make it more spreadable.	2
Very much enjoyed this quick read. I have read the whole series and love to check in & see how the others are doing as well as get a new chapter of another couples lives. Grace & Bear had a rocky start, as most of the couples on the mountain do, but eventually found their way through the twists & turns. Hopefully, there will be another installment (maybe Jonah) soon. A few minor editing misses but nothing that was a major detraction from the story as a whole.	2
Was disappointed in this mug. Had ordered for a friend that's a huge Beauty and the Beast fan. In person, I wasn't very impressed with the design AND the rose was VERY plastic looking. I had also ordered the lid that was supposed to "match" but it really didn't blend very well with it. Since this was for a gift, I ended up returning it -- just wasn't pleased... I have a Tervis mug that I love -- and most I've seen are very pretty/cute -- but NOT this one!!	1
Ok arrows for target practice only! the nocks keep falling off when you shoot but considering the price and the quantity there fine	2
Bracelets were nice. Wish both were stretchy. One was and the other was adjustable ..a little on the big side	2
Hubby got this on sale. It’s made my baking life so much easier. Looks exactly like picture. Runs like a dream.	2
Received as described	2
These don't feel like sponges. They feel like old clothes rags with soaps. Will not try this again.	1
Problem with this device is, all the buttons are so close together that you keep pushing the wrong button in a dull room during a presentation. I am trying to get used to it but saying sorry to the class for pushing the wrong button isn't working for me. One more week of trying then its going back if it wont get better. Also, every time you turn if off it resets to turn on next time with the mouse feature on.... annoying.	2
I dont feel it's as great as some other powdered bleach I've used called in that has added oils that help hold your hairs moisture. It really dries it out	2
Product is very thin and flimsy. Not what I was looking for but it will do for now.	1
Almost done with first bottle,seems to be working if you follow the directions. Eager to see more improvement with the next bottle.	2
I really do like their other products, their face cream, and their body creams are great, which is why I thought I would try their face cleanser but it is just terrible. It is thin and very watery, it leaves my face dry and tight feeling and worst of all is the smell. It smells like the stuff they use to clean rest stop bathrooms, I'm just going to throw it away. I really didn't want to give it any stars at all.	1
Used the products for the first time today.My hair feels like straw and I had trouble getting a comb through my hair after washing. My scalp still itches.	1
The base didn't fit onto my original cup. My unit is from 2006, so I know it's original. The seller was excellent and sent out a replacement free. The 2nd one didn't fit either. Knowing that the parts come from China, I knew I was taking a chance. Both were defective, however, the seller has wonderful customer service and offered me a full refund without having to ship either of the bases back. It's a waste for me but especially for the seller. I assume since half the people writing reviews are not having the same issue, maybe it's worth it for the seller to keep selling bases even if half of them are defective. Maybe take a chance and see if it will fit your cup. 3-Star review: 1 Star for product, 5 stars for seller customer service.	2
My Dog was thrilled when i gave him this. An hour later... the rope was severed and one of the plastic ball/ring was broken in half... Definitely not what I expect from Nerf :(	1
Love it! Nice and moist. Took a while to get here and it was shipped from the mainland.	2
Cheap, cheap socks. Will only last a couple of washes and use. What do you expect for $2 per pair	1
They're well made. But way too broad to fit me correctly in the shoulders. Great for maybe bigger or bodybuilding sized fellas. Lol	2
This is not the original Wen. This purchase was a waste of money.	1
basic coin collecting folder	2
Easy to set up and easy to wear, but it doesn't hold very well and you will find yourself adjusting the strap constantly.	2
Residual coffee dust ends up in your cup. Not a huge deal, but not my favorite. Works fine for making a quick and easy cup of coffee at work without having to worry about running out of filters.	2
I won't buy this flavor again, not so good. The choc ones are excellent.	1
Looks great. Provided the product doesn’t rust, well worth the money	2
Love the beautiful color and i purchased a piece of artwork with the same colors in it.	2
Acting was awkward and horrible for the most part, directing/screenplay was even worse. The lead blonde is very cute and not as bad as most of the others at acting, but what the heck is up with the yeti rape, lol. I'll definitely never watch it again	1
Bought this for our office in a building with many other offices. It rings, but now matter how we tried to change the ringer on the two receivers, it didn't work & all we hear is a ding dong, ding dong......	1
I love how my pores are much less noticeable	2
Item arrived damaged.	1
Didn't know how to rate this since it is for one of my dogs. Glad I could find it. Thanks for having it in stock.	2
I really like the pattern, size and how much it holds without vexing obnoxiously large, but the reason this only gets two stars is because of how the bag closes. It only has one piece of velcro in the center and the flap that attaches is too long so it leaves a gap. The sides of the top don’t attach at all leaving even larger gaps. While the inside of the bag is insulated it doesn’t really matter because all the cold (or hot) air comes directly out of the top. I used clips to hold the sides closed since I already bought it and want to get a good use out of it. Would not buy again for this reason.	1
My husband thought that the reading portion of the spectacles would cover the lower half of the reading glasses.He wanted a larger reading area, as one of his eyes is slightly displaced.	2
Another wonderful, enthralling read! As usual the humor is fantastic, the action is smooth and engaging and the characters are people you'd want to hang out with in real life. I felt the ending was a touch maudlin, but that might just be my repressed self speaking about a book that's all about finding your place and your people. Ms. Carriger, please continue the story past Judd & Colin. Keep this wonderful characters alive (I'm still holding out for a complete Biffy & Lyall novel too) Please don't make me come to San Francisco and cry all over your doorstep.	2
The texture of this was nice, but it was entirely too sparkly for my tastes. It leaves your lips looking frosted.	1
not a very good deal. Go buy seeds at the store in your town, much cheaper.	1
As a few reviewers mentioned, this product has somewhat distasteful odor. The scent is only apparent when first applied. I love the texture and consistency as I have small pores and dry skin. It absorbs quickly and offers really good sun protection without leaving a white film on your face.	2
Hard to find compatible accessories. Size is smaller than most popular products, so screen protectors and cases are too large.	2
This eyeglasses smells soooo bad. Smell nasty chemical. I would have kept it even if it didn't work for me as other people claimed. I washed them with soap and warm water many times, chemical smell wont go away, so it made me decide to return them.	1
Didn’t even get the product!! Then envelope was empty.	1
The dye leaked out heavily for about 10 washes.	1
Why do I keep getting like / dislike messages for products I bought years ago. Fix it!	1
Ripped in less than a week. Very disappointed because it's so comfortable and fits well.	1
This is the slowest waffle iron ever. Takes about 20 minutes for each set of 2 and they aren't even that dark. No adjustable settings.	1
not worth the price+shipping. don't buy	1
These lights lasted a little over two months then half of the lights just went dead. Ridiculous. What happened to the Christmas lights that would last for years and years?	1
Me and my husband just have so much fun with this game!	2
Really like my chair, except one bolt would go very loosely would not tighten the area inside was stripped..	2
Not well described. Heavy, clunky, flaw in the finish. Too small to be worth shipping back,	1
It's a great looking Keychain. I really like its weight. The Clasp broke after about 6 months when I was bending and it was in my front jean pocket. Was dissapointed, but I still have it because I like the way it looks.	2
It’s a scam! We never received the book and seller will not respond.	1
Poorly made. The prongs are uneven and difficult to spread or close a strong snap ring. These tools are useless to an automotive mechanic.	1
micro fiber clings to your clothes and socks!	1
It worked fine at the beginning. I was happy with the ease of use of this product and ended up buying two. However, BOTH began to leak around the nozzle base after around two year's usage.	1
Product works as long as you use it daily. This isn’t a quick fix which I wasn’t looking for. I have a Weimaraner that has allergy and ear issues. This isn’t as good as the vet prescribed meds, but still works as long as your vigilant.	2
Not sure what the weight limit is on these but mine broke. Husband had to fix it.	2
It does fall apart in the washing machine if you try to wash it. Not chew proof either. These beds last me maybe 6 months then falls apart in the washer and I buy a new one.	2
These are great and very comfy... However I have them away I love leggings without the actual waist band. Not sure if that makes sense... But these have a waist band in that just squeezes my fat a little and makes me uncomfortable. Otherwise I would reorder these.	2
Maybe it is just that I like the way the author writes; that is not too pretentious. He managed to include fairly standard fantasy elements, but then in a different way. And most of the characters are just interesting. A very entertaining and good read.	2
We haven’t received the game yet even though we pre ordered on October 30th with prime and amazon said it was delivered yesterday before 8pm but a day has passed since it said the package was deliverd yesterday	1
This is a very nice storage bench. It looks much nicer than the picture and is very roomy. I like the red color too. I am pressed for storage space and will probably order the 4 segment bench. I heartily recommend the Sorbus Storage Bench.	2
I am very disappointed. The nuts seem to be from last season! The hulls have lots of dark streaks and the meat is thin and leathery; sometimes partially dried. The taste is almost non-existent. I cracked, looked through and tasted many. Waste of money!	1
Very pretty cover with slight sparkles. Works as advertised. I have had other ayotu covers and they have creative designs. I bought this one after my last ayotu cover was chewed by my dog! Great product.	2
The designs are corny...	2
Not as fast as plastic sleds	2
These towels are thin and do not rip apart easily when pulled, causing the person to use more than 1 towel . Although the price was much lower than other towels on the market, I would not purchase again.	1
Terrible product. Probiotics should not have a temp of 95 degrees inside container.	1
Exactly what I needed.	2
It wasn't what I ordered. Now have to wait another two weeks to get what I did order	1
Fabric sides started to separate from the leather. Had to glue it back together. Otherwise, ok.	2
I was excited about this screen privacy protector but it does not work. The screen protector is just a darker shade and others can still actually see your screen clearly from different angles. It just makes the screen more dim. Others should not be able to see what you're doing on your phone even if they're sitting right next to you. Also, the screen protector is too thick and makes it difficult to navigate on your phone.	1
Im a short-waisted person, and this was terribly short. the side seams also seem to be very short and dont go all the way up to your armpits so when you lift your arms, the dress moves waaaaaay up.	1
Cute shirt that my 2-year-old loves so much that she wants to wear it every day.	2
Much harder than expected and did not blend easily	1
I would give this case 4 stars or maybe 5, except for one problem. And the problem is only for the iPhone X version, so I'm sure it's a fine case for other iPhones. The main pluses are that the ring is great as both a stand and as a holder, and that the combination soft/hard case has always been my favorite for iPhones, since i tend to drop it a lot. The deal-breaker is that the metal ring prevents wireless charging. This is because of the induction process behind wireless power transmission. To their credit, the description does not claim that the case is compatible with wireless charging, so if I'd read more carefully I could have avoided buying it. The only thing I can think of that may fix the problem is to use wire cutters to clip the ring so that it's got a gap in it - this should prevent most induction currents in the ring. I'll update the review if this works. In the meantime, a suggestion to the manufacturer is to replace the metal ring with some sort of coated ceramic or hard plastic.	1
Gave it to my hubby and he loved it! He said it was easy to use and understand.	2
I will never use you again.	1
This is the correct size but needed some modification to go on the trunk of my X5	2
The zipper was broken on the first one we received. Then on the second one it broke after one zipping. Cheap zipper and very disappointed little boy who loved it but cannot sleep in it because without a working zipper it doesn’t work. We will be returning it again.	1
Looks much better on the model. Really cheaply made, but was really inexpensive. So I got what I paid for.	1
I love the color. It is very soft. The arms are a little long for me but I'm very short so that is not surprising for me. I'm glad to find a shirt of this length in my size!	2
We returned these on the same day I ordered the replacement ones. They would be no good to us because we cannot use them. Please do not charge us again for these.!!!	1
Not worth it not recommended worst screen productive every	1
What you receive is half the size of what is pictured. Very dissappointed	1
A BABY FOR THE OFFICER certainly fits in with the category of "young, naive girl meets older, gorgeous hunk who is desperate for her," this novel was so inaccurate it was almost silly. Lyla moves to a small town to start a new job, only to find that her employer-to-be changed his mind. With no warning and a dwindling cash supply, she's desperate. Then she hears about Clay, the sheriff who needs a nanny. Bingo! The two meet. He's a hunk, and she's perfect for the job. Besides the fact that this is an overused plot, the novel has some major flaws. Problem #1 -- Clay's relationship to the baby was never clearly defined. Problem #2 -- When the court told Clay that he had to take the baby, the court would have first declared the baby abandoned; and second, made him her legal guardian. Problem #3 -- In some states, grandparents have limited rights. In other states, grandparents have no rights. So, in spite of their wealth, it's doubtful the parents of the mother could threaten to take the baby away.	1
This chair is ok. It is the same as I could have gotten from my beauty supply warehouse. I the style I had previously better, however, it doesn't seem like those are available anymore.	2
BUYER BEWARE!!!!! DO NOT BUY... I ORDERED THIS ITEM PRIME AND IT HAS BEEN WEEKS, IT WAS SUPPOSEDLY SENT VIA DHL BUT THE TRACKING ID GIVEN IS NOT RECOGNIZED, DO NOT BUY...TRUST ME....	1
I question, that they are genuine Parker. They don't write the same as my early refills	1
If they were only a little smaller	2
We loved the gold foiled cupcake liners. It was a great addition to the cupcakes and moon and stars themed shower.	2
Great price, very soft, beautiful colors, well made.	2
Product itself is great. Really disappointed with the supplier from amazon. It came (knowingly by them) damaged. Broken and taped up, but “new”.	1
Pro: Pads came in a sealed package within a zip closing bag which could be used to store them. Con: The holes on the pads do not match the picture. Since the holes layout was different than expected they didn't match the holes from the steamer pot.	1
The whole rubber coating around the lock only festers rust by not letting water evaporate. Also the rubber coating made it much harder to fit the holes that we had for our gates, but that is more of a personal problem than the actual lock. I would NOT recommend getting these because the weatherproofing is definitely not true.	1
The watch arrived on time great watch a must have to any watch collection.	2
I bought this bed 10 days ago and now it’s $70 cheaper. I would like a price adjustment.	1
A low carb helps to stay in shape without adding extra pounds to body. Having a fixed diet plan and exercise sounds easy but hard to implement. In this side low carb is more effective process to lose weight.	2
Good coverage, but smudges very easy. Leaves lip marks on glasses and straws. Although it smudges the color seems to last. I'm lucky enough to like all ten of the colors.	2
I've had this on for 3 days now and its held up wonderfully. I work a very physical job and my hands/nails get beat up. So far I have no chips or dull spots. I just switched from salon acrylics to gels and this base and top coat set is much more user friendly than my other one. They don't have that sticky kind of feeling that a lot of gels do. Its completely smooth. It feels like a normal top coat. I love it.	2
works better than expected	2
Do not buy ! 5 out of 120 actually fit, shoot and are made correctly. Better to go buy at Walmart !	1
I went according the measurement chart and the Sauna suit didn't fit in the middle of the thigh area. When I put it on I had to struggle to pull them over my thighs. The bust and hip measurements were a perfect match. It was only trying to pull the Sauna suit over the middle of my thigh area and I purchased a XL. Size 2XL would have been too big in the chest and hip area. I am 5'5 inches tall and I weigh 160. Also, I didn't like the way the material felt. The blue sauna suit was nice.	2
The color has faded. It went from a light pink to a tan color. I wear it in the pool, but I have with all my bands. This is the first where I have seen the color fade.	2
Treat for rabbits. Wish there were no additives.	2
Product came in smash and candy looked melted Was not able to use	1
I bought this cologne for my dad as a birthday gift. He loved the smell! Worth the money	2
Sadly not any better than the Harbor Freight version at 3-4 times the price, noise level is extremely high.	2
Has a great look to it but the material is kind of cheap so it can get a bit uncomfortable.	2
Functional enough but one heavy coat toppled the whole thing, especially on a carpet floor.	2
Did exactly as they are supposed to.	2
It’s a great product, if you can handle the tingle lotion! Definitely helped darken me up.	2
It was pretty and that's about it it stop workin a month after I got it	1
The phone had faulty battery that doesn't keep charge. I want to return it.	1
The Bible itself is really beautiful- I absolutely love all the work that was put into making it and the way everything is laid out. PROS: - Beautiful hand lettering - half price on Amazon compared to Blessed is She's website - Hard cover is a plus! - prior to each book is an outline which divides the different sections of the books - Margins are wide enough to journal, add notes, paint, etc. - the chapters are 2x the size of the verse numbers, which help to distinguish between each chapter - a couple extra pages in the back for extra notes and whatnot CONS: - Pages are slightly thinner than my current Bible. I use a Pilot g2 and Staedtler fineliner pens and you can see it from the back (but it doesn't bleed through all the way). - heavier than your typical Bible (I probably won't use it if I travel, but I will definitely be using it at home and around my college campus!) Overall, if you're looking to invest in a good Bible, I definitely suggest this. But be aware of the small cons!	2
I have them installed on the floor of my garage, and after 3 days the paper on which the glue is placed dislodged. The stops slid out of position. I scraped off the remainder of the paper, and used Gorilla tape to secure them to the garage floor.	1
Junk eats tapes CD player won’t turn and you better live next door to a radio station.	1
We have had the chair for about a year now and all the fake leather is peeling off. I wish it wasn't made so cheaply.	2
Definitely recommend getting a roll that has the glue on it already. This was a big struggle and once applied to the wall trimming and cleaning the top and bottom up was a nightmare. The paper kept ripping no matter how gentle I was. It is very pretty but the thickness I think is what made it difficult.	2
It did the job, but the shaft could have been longer as I have long locks	2
Didn't use and soon uninstalled.	1
Blue bottle arrived empty so not much I can say	1
So I went into this story feeling uncertain. Now I can say I loved this book! Can't wait to see what happens next!	2
Dislike third party charging me more and getting from Walmart.com paying 8 dollars less. Come on.	1
A great toy to encourage lots of growth and learning That keeps busy for a good amount of time. This is a great activity for fine motor skills, practicing shapes, colors and counting the holes in the shape. As a parent, I worry about the quality of the products used when making these toys. It is very important to me that the materials are non-toxic and safe for my children. I would definitely recommend this product.	2
It is a cheap product that broke less than a month after purchase. Very disappointed with it.	1
They sent me a bottle with a sticker on it that said the item I ordered (which was suppose to be chamomile oil) but When i peeled that off the original label was underneath and its actually 'Jasmin Absolute'. It obliviously doesn't smell like Roman Chamomile, it 100% is not what I ordered or what they tried to label it as. The fact they tried to over the original label thinking i would fall for it is insane	1
Anything but chocolate tastes terrible.	1
For the price the quality should be better. I ordered the black (25 steel Bones) corset and at first it was firm I have now had it for a month and have rarely worn it and it has started to lose its sturdiness and stiffness. If I knew there was not much difference in materials used between the different corsets I would’ve gotten the cheaper version.	1
My daughter likes this game but i just thought it was ok	2
Arrived dusty and dirty	1
Battery I bought holds charge but has faulty wifi antenna in it. Didn't get to try it until July and return window open. Still want my money back!!!	1
Crap stays needed them for the academy kept popping loose during exercise	1
We like babyganics diapers and wish we could continue to use them. Their diapers have become increasingly more difficult to find, making amazon pretty much the only place to buy them. With no coupons available they are just too expensive for what you get. Review also reflects extremely poor customer service. I tried to get in touch with someone via multiple avenues and ultimately have never heard back from anyone. We are taking our dollars elsewhere.	1
This dress is nice and light, flowy, and soft. Perfect for warm summer days. I only wish that this came in an x-small as my usual size, a small, fit a little more loose than I would like.	2
I ordered these to have spares on hand, got my pack of 3 and was pumped to listen to my audiobook a little before bed. Hook the first one up to my headphones and phone, get settled, pressed play. I heard zilch, no sound, nothing. Figured it might just be a bad one and then tried out the others and ALL 3 DID NOT WORK. At all. Didn’t even register as if there were headphones connected.	1
Works as advertised.	2
They work but fuzz out at random moments and they don’t work sometimes- I say don’t buy third party ones like these	1
So this is a nice case for the Note 9. It seems pretty durable and has good protection around the corners. I do like the included screen protector. Now the cons are it kinda makes the whole phone a tad bit heavier and the screen sensitivity needs to be turned up a tad after installation otherwise you have to press a bit harder on the touchscreen. Those are minor tho, overall it's a great case and I would totally recommend it.	2
MInor color issue on one ring, the blue of the Patriot color over on the ring. After receiving realized there were not made in America. Overall nice rings.	2
Had turn signals on the model I bought. Didn't like that.	2
Pretty disappointed it was sharp even just a little bit sharp when I gave it a test run. Didn’t cut my fairly tin leather or even a paper towel without some force behind it. Did a little bit of sharpening to it to help out and it’s a bit better now but I have to really get it sharpened professionally to cut well.	1
Terrible product. I never write reviews but I have to write this one. The protectors are too flexible, so there’s always a little overhang. And if you bump the overhang at all, it peels right off. The adhesive is this weird spray that runs all over your watch face and yet somehow fails to adequately adhere to the edges of the protectors. I don’t recommend this product, it’s incredibly difficult and frustrating to install and doesn’t even work once it’s done.	1
You can get hooked on this. I like playing it with my grandkids nearby, then hand it to them to play	2
Doesn't stamp evenly . Dry in the middle .	1
The handle completely snapped after one week of use. Thought these were great at hiding toilet brush and handy to have near toilet but disappointed because the handle broke shortly after I started to use them	1
Paid for beans and they sent me corn.	1
I expected to get an extension with a longer adapter so it would work with my iPhone 6 and Otterbox waterproof case. It won't reach far enough inside to make a connection. I'd like it replaced with one that is longer.	1
The product was good itself, but didn't fit tab a 10.1 samsung tablet or Viking pro 10.1	2
Using this for essential oil roller bottles. Keeps them from falling over like dominoes.	2
Why does Amazon have to charge almost twice what Costco charges for the same cereal? Not a good deal here.	1
I got this for my goddaughter and she and her sister loves it so much. They keep on raving about how much they love the stars and all the colors. The alarm clock also helps them learn to read numbers and their mom helps them keep track of time for school. This was smaller than expected but it lights up the room at night.	2
COMPANY DOES NOT STATE ANYWHERE THEY DO NOT HONOR RETURNS. I NEED TO RETURN THIS, AND THE COMPANY THAT SHIPPED IT STATES THEY DO NOT ACCEPT RETURNS, TO REFER TO AMAZON RETURNS. I CAN'T GET AMAZON TO HELP ME EITHER.	1
i had some small scratches on my car for a while and they were keep bugging me but i didnt want to paint it because a partial paint is visible even with identical color and doing a full job was just crazy so i decided to give a try to this paint scratch cloth and surprisingly it did a very good job. now i`m the only one who knows where the scratches were	2
Once I got the right size, I was expecting a heavier material like canvas, but this is made with very thin cotton and frankly I give it 3 months before the draw string breaks and the bag to rip. Glad I did not pay very much for it. At least I have something in the mean time to put my laundry in.	2
Does not go under food well	2
Fabric was very comfortable. Nice fit and not stiff as I thought. Delivery was fast.	2
The band was little too small compared to the original fitbit band but the matte black casing is perfect! I needed to replace my old one bc its color was coming off	2
Story was sad and ending was worse	1
Came apart but easy to reassemble	2
Bought this for a gift for a friend and she loves it	2
I am still wearing same size from prior purchase and they are now much smaller	1
I was worried when I opened the package because the case was cracked, but the disc looks just fine!	2
Doesn't fit the rear license plate on a 3rd Generation Tacoma. Probably works fine on the front but I don't run a front plate here.	2
Well, these were perfect until now, won't hold a charge, even after charging all night, so I can't connect them to anything.	1
This was just not as useful as I thought it would be. Probably should have upgraded to a better quality	1
Like most of Sphero's licensed Star Wars products, this is another cool idea that is at best gimmicky and at worst a failure in execution. It comes close, but ultimately is cumbersome, weak, erratic, and unpredictable. Like Sphero's BB-8 and R2-D2 app-connected "droids," it's another mildly amusing novelty that's good for maybe two plays before it's put away in a drawer and forgotten. As an inert Star Wars costume accessory, however, it's GREAT. Thank goodness it was only $13.	2
Very fun read. My only problem was it ended very abruptly with no tied up ends.	2
This is a nice set of scatter scenery to build out your collection of objects for table top roleplaying games. It has most of what you need to run a historical town encounter. The only issue I had was that the legs of the awnings were warped, causing them to list and look odd.	2
Nothing special to see here, not the best cheapo earbuds but certainly not the worst. Comfy and stay in well enough for the treadmill. Only "complaint" would be the small bit of plastic covering the openings to the drivers. I'm sure it was there to help protect the longevity of the product but it significantly dulls the sound of the earbuds so I removed them.	2
Unfortunately 4 of these were completely broken in half, and they feel extremely fragile.	1
Love Mystery’s T sea book, the murder can’t get away! This was a different story then most, found it interesting. And the end was awesome!	2
UGH!!!! We really needed this unit to be great. It is a great product BUT our wand broke after two showers. The little plastic hose inside the wand is a cheap little tubing and it blew up like a balloon and now we have NO shower in the middle of a bath remodel. This is brutal. And I wanted to be such a fan of this! Now what? Frustrated in Oregon. Dirk	2
I've owned other hydro flask products and love their proprietary coating but this mug is misleading and comes in a sort of rubber sheath around the metal cup. I wouldn't complain except you can pull the rubber away from the cup near the handle bringing doubts of long term life to this product.	2
I would not rely on this as being a method to control mosquitos. It barley has any effect.	1
As soon as I opened the Amazon shipping bag a strong odor was released. I would describe it as a very unpleasant perfumey candy smell. I threw it away.	1
While this is good at melting the ice... it is NOT dog paw safe as advertised. So, if you have ice and no plants or pets to worry about, this is a good deal. Otherwise keep looking.	1
Compact and works beautifully!	2
The box was damaged and I could tell it had been opened and then taped shut could have happened during shipment . Disappointed that I got the grill mats but no digital thermometer.	1
It's cute and looks like it's picture, however, it was smaller than I expected, I assumed that it could hold at least a gallon, more like a pint. It also didn't open as expected the nozzle is the opening.	2
Looks like a toy and if you use this, your expensive Mac will definitely look like some cheap quality toy laptop.Also the pink sleeve is completely a dull shiny pink in real. Product does not look the same as in picture. I had to return back this item.	1
This knife feels pretty sturdy upon first impression, the spine is thick and substantial. It feels pretty good in the hand and I’m very sure it would survive what I intend to do with it. The only downside is the sheath/scabbard which feels pretty flimsy and cheap, its made of lower quality nylon which I understand schrade has to do to keep costs low, I would still buy this knife if its $5-10 more if they would have thrown in a kydex or a leather sheath that would give this excellent knife some justice.	2
Have only used it twice so far. Lights fine, although I still don't understand the lighting mechanism. It's a little top heavy if you use the one pound propane containers. I'm going to try the tall thinner ones once this first container runs out. Also don't like that there is no adjustment to the heat. It's either on or off. No high or low available.	2
This piece fit beautiful. But glad I bought one size up.	2
works ok but are smaller than i thought they should be i guess that is why they don't sat they are for tractors	2
I purchased this Mic stand to be used as a digital music stand and it is perfect! Prior to this purchase, I was using a traditional music stand and the Manos Universal Tablet holder on a side arm attached to that stand. It took up so much space and we have to play in some tight spots at times. This stand is perfect. The base is substantial....I never worry about it tipping over. It also has a much smaller footprint than my traditional stand. Adjusts very easily. It was very easy to assemble (and take apart if need be). The Manos Universal Tablet holder fits perfectly on top (where the mic holder goes). Not as portable as my traditional stand, but it's doable.I added a holder for my phone and it is complete. Very pleased with this purchase.	2
I love this mouse . The recharging pad and programmable buttons are great. The feel of this mouse is perfect for my grip. I am a gamer so the ability to change DPI while playing gives me a great advantage in action games. Everything about this mouse is great except the cheap switches that Logitech uses. I'm stuck with it because I have a charging pad that cost a small fortune, a G13 keyboard and a G Pro Mechanical keyboard. I refuse to relent. Get your act together Logitech.	1
My boyfriend loved it. Very nice and a great gift for a loved one who lost someone that was close to them.	2
A lot of content for the money. However, cd’s and written material are not organized	1
Ordered as a gift. Quality and comfort was good with no complaints. Great price too.	2
Engrossing look at the French Revolution	2
The plastic balls break in two very easy and cause the ring to fall out.	1
I wanted an extract. This isn't one.	1
Because of how the tubing is wrapped for shipping it has been very difficult to change it form flat to round so that it can drain as advertised.	2
Quality fabric. Works great.	2
Wife thought it was a bit small	2
Spring broke the second day I had it... The scent was hardly noticeable so I would not recommend this to anyone	1
The tree is decent, except the only thing that is a pain is vacuuming up the fuzzies that come off after the cat scratches them off of the tree. And the top perch is a little too small, even for my 8 month old kitten. Other than that it's entertainment for him so I'm happy.	2
As described, No problem.	2
Pretty good product for the price. The tools are great for adjusting the band, should work with other bands as well. The replacement pins did rust a bit, but that’s not a big deal to me.	2
The boxes were so had to put together and the plastic pieces so weak that they kept breaking while trying to snap the panels into place. Plus half of the magnet pieces to hold the doors shut were already broken. The door panels also don’t line up so you got half the doors stuck open, what’s the point of paying more for doors if they don’t even shut properly.	1
Worked as advertised	2
I had these headphones for eight or nine days a regular use and out of nowhere one of the headphones stopped working before that they worked fine but it's very disappointing to see this kind of issue in a product	1
I assumed, yes my fault, that these were pre-soldered, based on the main photo. This photo is misleading, you need to soldered them yourself.	2
Works great, and picture quality is great on my Samsung 4k TV!	2
I usually wear a size M, and the size large fit like a regular tank top on me (snugly). For a work out-appropriate loose fit, I would have to go up to size XL, so I do think this runs significantly small. I didn’t really like the fabric. Not all polyester is scratchy, but this is.	2
Used in the car, does have a cooling effect but depending on how long your trip is.... What I didn't like is this cushion flattens out pretty quick and at that point provides no cushion or support.	1
I absolutely love it!	2
This was an easy job for what I had to work with. The shower lights are cool.	2
Worked great at first but only lasted 2 months	1
Wayy smaller then expected. Did not stick. Looked like a fun house mirror	1
Our dogs love this as a treat, and we believe it is good for them, too!	2
Smaller than size states in chart and very snug eveb being made with compression material. If ordering, make at least 1 size larger.	1
It works okay if you just want to use it to listen to music or something, but it has a bad quality when recording sound or video chat with someone...	2
They fit but have no grip on the soles. My daughter was sliding around. Only wore once	1
it tastes very good. but it's too similar to frosting and not very slippery.	2
It’s is pretty nice and the colors are bright! The fabric is not the best but is good enough! I really like it	2
Wrong battery. Ordered this specifically for my LG G4 and this is definitely not the right battery. Much too big to fit in the case, wrong model number. Avoid this at all costs.	1
This product works amazing. It was very easy to install with my existing shower head. It works wonderfully and after using it for 2 months I see a noticeable difference in my skin and hair. My skin feels and looks softer, and much less prone to drying out. I use it to take baths too now, just filling the tub via the showerhead :) Awesome product, so affordable, thanks Invigorated Living!! :)	2
My lil one loves this rattle . Its light and easy to grasp with their lil hands while they are working on fine motor skills. Bright color and soft jingle of the rattle is great to attract their attention.my baby enjoys it so i highly recommend this to all parents.	2
These run a little on the small side. The wash will be the real test.	2
Just doesn't seem to help like old products used to	2
I saw reviews that stated this wig needed some trimming and minimal to no styling.. this couldn't be any more misleading! While the wig certainly did need some trimming but it was not styled at all. Shaking it around and ruffling it fresh out of the package does yield some very small results but be prepared to channel your inner hair stylist if you want this week to look perfect! I did the best I could.. and may have used some very unconventional methods to keep the wig styled.. but I am ultimately satisfied with the product and would totally recommend this to any of my cosplaying friends, especially at its price!	2
I enjoyed it. Decent story.	2
this part went in without issue. the fit is fine, but the latch is made of cheap plastic, much too soft for the application. So of course, a few months later it snapped and I now need to take the time find a more durable handle , rip my door apart again and install the new one. Save yourself the extra time and money and do not buy this inexpensive but fatally flawed item.	1
Not really too expensive for old movies I won’t reorder until prices come down.. That’s the same reason I discontinued other movie channels.	1
I love it. Wanted it for a little makeup kit because I found them all over in my purse. Purse and card wallet are a set and the wristlet and wallet match it well.	2
They changed the status to shipped but never shipped the item and never returned my message. Luckily I’m protected by amazon as a buyer so I was able to get a full refund. Be aware of this buyer!!!!	1
Would have worked nice except the first time I put it on my magnetic holder the magnet came off and my phone fell On the floor. luckily the whole piece came right off my phone so I could return it.	1
Bags are beautiful. One of the latches didn’t quite line up right but some minor modifications we made it work.	2
Where as expected. Have a good amount of compression while still providing room to get a larger leg into them.	2
comes handy ad easy to operate.	2
cheap quality. hair fibers are loose and shed. good variety, though and alot of brushes. dont buy these if ur serious about ur beauty tools. if not, this kit would be great and travel-friendly.	1
Haven’t used them yet but he feels like they will work he wanted them for fishing . But he will not be able to wear them over his tennis shoes had to get a way smaller shoe to but them in got xxxl	2
These are working out just fine, we have only had them a couple of days, however there were suppose to be 5 cords and we only got 4.	2
Overall, a good family movie. Recommended for good family fun.	2
It is not flavorful, even if you doctor it up. Definitely doesn’t taste like vanilla creme should.	1
Driftwood was advertised as 2 “Large” pieces. I did receive 2 pieces, but I would in no way call them large. Each piece was about hand sized. Very disappointing. They might be useful in a tiny tank (5 gallons or less).. I will say that they were packed for shipping very well. Wrapped in bubble wrap, and shipped in a box.	1
Two missing pieces in otherwise great puzzle. Beautiful picture in rich colors with quality cut pieces. A pleasure to do except for missing pieces at the end of all the work. Appreciate easy refund from Amazon.	2
So far, so good. The unit actually has 2TB of Memory, not the 1TB the description says...nice! It is LARGE	2
Really questioning the quality of this. Not even out of the package and the hook is broken off. Completely unusable.	1
This clutch seemed so perfect at first but after a few weeks the strap started ripping of and taking some of the clutch with it. Also the zip gets stuck often and one time I thought it was broke because I zipped it up and it was still open. I was looking forward to keeping my phone in this clutch but I don’t think the strap can handle the weight of it. Basically, with its low price You’re getting the quality/resilience that you pay for. I’m a college girl and I need to be able to carry as much as possible in iton my wrist and it just isn’t up to par. If you plan on keeping it in a purse often and not stuffing it with stuff it should do just fine.	1
My first and last time I used this product, I made a stew that boiled on the lowest setting.	1
Is great for clipping on to things. Mine came fully assembled. Only problem was my camera didnt like to stay on (granted it was upside down) so I hot glued the front down and that fixed it from coming unstuck at the front. The pieces of tape that come with it are not very sticky.	2
The problem with buying from a picture is not knowing how it will work when you get it. This cam without the proper screws so we had to improvise. Also the way the legs are set that only children can fit between them. The cushions are also inadequate and the glass top is dark and if it is exposed to the sun the table is unusable and dangerous to touch. I would not recommend a purchase and ours is going to the Goodwill.	1
I really liked this case when I first got it - I purchased it in November of 2018 and had no issues. It worked as advertised. By January I could tell that the cover that opens to place or remove your cards was getting a little looser than it was when I first purchased it. I then dropped the phone for the first time and the back came flying off in pieces and my two cards went flying out of the case. I didn't have too many more instances like that, maybe just one or two. It is now August and I have to buy a new case becasue the cover has become so loose it wont stay on and I'm worried I'm going to lose my cards. I'm disappointed becasue it has not even been a year since I first purchased and I already have to replace it. I would not purchase again even though I really liked the design and functionality of it at first. This would be fine for someone who changes cases a lot but not for someone who wants one for the long term.	2
I want to buy a good-looking and practical flat-panel set for a long time. I don’t want to see this one at home. The price is not expensive. It looks good. I received the goods as expected. The color is popular. I like it.	2
I like it for a body soap but not at all for shampoo.	2
Was not new at all in fact the cover was torn off along with some pages. There is much more show of wear as well throughout the book. There is no excuse for why this was marked new. Other sellers are selling much better conditions for less. Don't go with this seller you might not be able to read the "new" book you bought due to torn out pages.	1
Does the job & much easier to clean these than the microwave.	2
Not as advertised. Totally different color	1
My husband ordered these to light our dark sidewalk. They work great and were a quick fix. Easy to set up! They give off a good amount of light.	2
I didn't receive the dual usb charger and digital display. Only received two cables in a bag.	1
Awesome phone, was definitely worth the money	2
This was a cute gift to give. The glass, although in a box, was a bit dusty and dirty. It isn't a massive issue, seeing as you should wash glassware before using, regardless. I just found it odd.	2
Pillow arrived next day, so that was impressive. But I find it only marginally more comfortable than the $10 Walmart brand medium pillow that I bought before it. It's slightly more comfortable when sleeping on my side, but is too high/thick for sleeping on my back. Also, when I went to change the pillow case after a week, I saw that the pillow covering had ripped at the seam. I've never had any pillow rip on me before. The stuffing isn't coming out yet, but it's still disappointing given the price. I considered returning it but I just couldn't bring myself to return a used pillow.	1
I purchased my first pair of these jungle mocs at an outfitter in Alaska in 2004. They lasted until 2017 with no tearing of the inside liner at all, and they were the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned. I bought these about 9 months ago and they are already falling apart. They are also not anywhere near as comfortable. I hate that Merrell sold out.	1
Super hard to put it on! Omg. It’s a two people job. Especially when you have a queen size bed or up. I didn’t think I had to lift the mattress entirely.	1
Absolutely love this case! It’s super cute, holds all my cards and then some. My phone fits securely in place and has not been broken since the day I got it.	2
It works great. Not to loud. Smooth to work with.	2
These canisters look nice and seal very well but as others have said, they aren’t air tight which wasn’t that important to me. The seals are perhaps a bit too tight for those with small or weak hands, and with no real way to grab the lids, this could be a problem for some.	2
The case is tough and durable. The screen protector is a bit too small. When centered it's about 1/8 of an inch too small on each side. Overall not bad for the price but if I had to purchase again I probably would not.	2
Looks nice however the suction cups do not work so this mat slips around all over our shower stall. Was a waste of money. Would give less stars but then I’m not sure it would ever be posted!	1
Pretty good and does the job but still a bit big to put in your pocket. The additional stackers add a lot of volume and comfortable.	2
Michael Parks doing his best imitation of James Dean. Wandering through America in its best days.	2
Little tips fell off right away. Junk and waste of money	1
I use this in place of Crisco. Works great to season the basket for my air fryer, cast iron pans, anything that needs to be under high heat. Works great.	2
I bought this for my 88 year old mother because she wanted it to improve her vision. The pharmacist had recommended orange flavor and i bought this never having used this product. My mother says it is wonderful. It is like taking a teaspoon of water, but thicker. She said there is no aftertaste and no burping so she is very satisfied. I will probably order a bottle for myself!	2
Just annoying. The worst thing I had ever. Cheaply designed.	1
I didnt like that their battery life is so short. They break extremely easy. Also you can pair them both to your phone but you can only listen to one head phone at a time.	1
Fogs up pretty much instantly, not just useless - dangerous	1
My daughter loved wearing this for Christmas.	2
I ordered the carousel 4-5 weeks ago. They sent me a much cheaper and broken item as shown in the picture. I contacted them with the error and they sent the same incorrect cheaper case several days later...this one also broken. I notified them yet again with an extremely rude customer service correspondence. Two weeks have passed since they stated they would send me the correct poker carousel poker case...still dont have the it. I contacted them yet again today for an update with no response noted 8+ hours later. Avoid.	1
Gorgeous mirror and great customer service.	2
They sent me a face mask instead of the chest mask, I haven’t returned it yet. this is the first time I’ve ever ordered from Amazon and gotten the wrong thing.	1
Weak, moves to much and screws are hard to get to when trying to adjust	1
I purchased this board because the one I had was shaky. This is definitely a more stable ironing board and for that I would give it a 5 star but the material and padding on the top are very thin. It would be nice if it had a thicker padding. All in all I would buy it again but i would spend a little more on a thicker pad that doesn't move around.	2
Doesn't really show up on dark hair.	1
The adhesive called and I couldn't find a replacement online to fix it.	1
There is nothing wrong with the product. It is fine. But I am so done with having the carriers write that they handed me the package that I am going to leave 1 star reviews and hope that AMAZON and the retailers work on this. Why is it important? Porch thieves or deliveries to the wrong house. How can I say I didn't get the package when the documentation says it was put in my hands.	1
I have had mine for 3 months now and all the bling is still in tact! Which is a huge plus for me. I always notice that’s always the first thing to mess up. Cute keychain! Love it.	2
This product said “like new” but there are two very visible scratches on the screen, and it came pkg in a brown box with bubble wrap, that’s so disappointing ☹️	2
The best thing about old whirlpool washing machines is that they can be actually fixed when something goes wrong. The problem I was having on this old used Kenmore (Whirlpool) washer was that on the normal cycle the spin cycle was skipping. But if I advanced the knob to the second cycle, the spin cycle worked. It was a pain. But that indicated that the mechanical timer was the problem. Evidently, over the years, the contact point for the spin cycle had arched or worn out so that a connection wasn't being made. I've replaced timers on other machines in the past, and on these old Whirlpool-engineered machines it was not a big thing to replace: a couple of screws, unclip the old timer, reclip the new timer, and that was it. This one worked like a charm.	2
These socks are the most loved socks I've ever owned in my whole quirky life...just saying. They are well made to, bright colors, thick, some thicker than others depending on the painting. I have had several complements already.	2
It was a gift for my fiance. She loved it.	2
They don’t leak, but they cause the products inside to obtain a horrific odor. There’s also no real way to control how much product is dispensed at a time, too much comes out at once for most products, like shampoo.	1
You get what you pay for, these shadow boxes are very cheaply made. I thought I was saving money but I should have spent a little more and gotten a quality product. I gave 2 stars because I am using them, but I should have paid more attention to the other reviews. The wood is thin and very porous, took 3 coats of paint - $. They don't have any way to hang, which was stated in reviews BUT.... I assumed they would stand alone on a shelf, wrong. The wood is so thin that it would be difficult to attach a hanger without splitting. I have to find easels to display them - again more $$. Not to mention the time it has taken me to paint & to find reasonably priced easels - even more $$$. On a positive note, all arrived in good condition. Next time I will follow the reviews more closely. Buying cheap isn't always the more economical way to go. SAVE YOUR MONEY!!	1
Charger does the job at charging the phone and I also like that it's slim. Only thing is doesn't provide that much protection. I dropped my phone and the charger came apart. The plastic that goes around the phone feels thin and easily breakable.	2
It's a nice sock, but it only has light compression and is made of thin material. It's not exactly what I was looking for. I wear size 9 shoe and I ordered a medium, which seems to fit fine.	2
It's ok. But the quality is so so. They is one of them, the metal pair fall off.	2
I installed this on a board and placed it in the bottom part of a low window so the dogs and cats can have easy access in and out of the house, instead of playing the in and out game with them. Lol!! The only thing I am not happy about is the way it is advertised as being able to be resized to fit different thicknesses. The board is an inch thick and still had to double the board where the door connects to maintain a proper fit. Other than this, works as expected, animals love the ability of going in and out on their own.	2
I have super sensitive eyes and seasonal allergies. Clinique was recommended and I was desperate. I loved the feel and look of this, but after about an hour, my eyes began to water and it flaked off. Good mascara, not for sensitive eyes or contacts.	2
I think this may have worked long term, however, I removed the 3 strips I laid down and it pulled some of the finish up. I wouldn't recommend this if you are renting and would need to remove prior to moving out as it may pull up the finish and you could get hit with a hefty bill for damage. I will say, there were other comments on a staple, they must have corrected that as I didn't have one so there was no waste.	2
Good product, most useful that I've found, but a little flaky with monitor recognition.	2
If you're skeptical because of the price, don't be this thing is awesome. Burned through 8 boards at half inch really quick, no more jigsaw.	2
This bag is the prefect size to back toiletries for a weekend getaway or a week vacation!	2
Perfectly for my children. My 3 year old dislikes anything on his head but he was so happy to wear these because of the shark design and comfort.	2
I purchased this product for work and it stopped working after less than 2 weeks	1
Didn’t notice a difference even though I followed instructions and measurements.	1
Super fun. Used for graduation party for people to fill head will knowledge and advice for college. Now just love the piece.	2
Removed laser sight because glass was cracked when it arrived. Very accurate without laser sight! Great product for the cost! Keeping rodents out of attic!	2
Bought this style of shoe three times and returned it three times because the clasp was defective.	1
The products I received were fine. My order said hat shirt mask and gloves and I did not receive the gloves.	2
Have used this fitness drink for a long time and like the product. But, this time the product arrived in a damaged cardboard delivery box. Two of the cans were leaking.	2
loved material color that I could not find else where in beige, Was very very small and took apart and altered, would not have spent the money, if it wasn't an important event that had to be matched exactly. Probably 5 sizes smaller , really	2
These run HUGE. I ordered 1 size bigger than my daughter’s street shoe and it was probably a good 3 sizes bigger. The quality was pretty decent for the price. If the sizing wasn’t way off these would have worked great for her dance class. Had to return.	1
What I ordered, and what I received are totally different. There was also 3 identical pieces, and missing others. The pieces are all different than pictured. You don't get what's pictured. I'm very unhappy!	1
Box was crushed in ...	1
Paid a little more for this to avoid misalignment of cutouts that reviewers of other protectors noted. However, no difference here: cutout at bottom for fingerprint sensor is misaligned.	1
I wear a medium in most dresses, ordered a large in this and it is snug. I also expected it to be white but it's a darker color - more khaki. The pattern is nice and the quality is good.	2
They only worked for a day. Don't waste your money	1
I purchased this case for my iPad Pro 9.7 inch, because I had a previous spec case for my iPhone and it showed its value many times over. However I cannot say that about this case for the iPad Pro. Just installing the case proved difficult, And then When attempting to remove it in order to put on a screen protector, the edge where the audio jack is Cracked and broke off. Then it got bumped on the other side And broke off as well. For that reason, I cannot recommend this as a stable or secure cover for an iPad.	1
I like the Family oriented ethic that Sam Prichard represents and promotes throughout this series	2
For $23.00 ... SURPRISINGLY good. I was pretty shocked to be honest. I'm a worship pastor and ordered these as a backup pair of IEM's. They sounded so good IMO that I ordered them for the rest of my vocal team. I also ordered a couple of sets of the 5 driver model for around $50 each for my bassist and drummer. They also love them. I've had super expensive and super cheap and everything in between. My whole team is pretty surprised at how clear these ears are. Unbeatable at this price.	2
It doesn't work good!	1
Cheaply made. Don’t waste your money!	1
This is very helpful and informative book .If u can change u bad habits to lead better life this book is for you.	2
They’re felt. They do the job for preschoolers, it’s not like they’re very sturdy but it works!	2
Just got these, flew my drone until my battery drain, bumped into a pole, nothing too drastic & broke my first propeller already. Not feeling like I got the quality for the price.	2
light strip wouldnt stay up and very touchy . sent back	1
I'm not sure what it is about the power from my over the range Broan vent hood, but I simply cannot find an LED bulb that will not flicker in the unit. I've tried most of the products available on Amazon, different sizes, wattages, shapes, and still to this day haven't found one that works. The search continues!	1
Product was working well up until my Phone did an upgrade and now the Nexx Garage is not compatible. There tech support has been responsive, however they do not have a solution for the issue.	1
still slips a litttle	2
Not easy for me to use. Some others may love it. No problems with seller at all.	2
I really want to love these bottles but the one thing that drives me crazy is that when you put the lid on over the nipple, liquid still leaks out if turned upside down. The lid doesn’t push hard enough against the nipple. Other than that, I like the bottles. Am I doing something wrong?	1
Don't love the clear plastic cover. It came a little bit scratched and it comes off as a little cheap, however it will work fine for my 9 year old for now. The case itself seems sturdy and is protecting the iPad.	2
Received on time but it doesn’t work at all. I tried multiple times and made sure everything was pushed all the way in but it would not work.	1
There is so much great info in this book that I have already read it twice! Thank You! I would have given 5 stars but there were quite a few spelling errors and typos. Other than that, very good information. I especially enjoyed the part about switching from an employee mindset to an entrepreneur mindset with the help of business oriented positive affirmations. I would recommend this book to anyone considering a career change who is entertaining the idea of starting an online business and ways to generate passive income.	2
One of the sheets had two snags or defects in the fabric	1
Durable my butt. Completely fell apart after 3 minutes, if that.	1
Istall a LG flat screen but it keeps on dropping angle	1
Does not pull out hairs at all. Fairly disappointed with this product.	1
Missing pieces the description stated 3 screws....none at all only brushes and filter....	1
We used the product for our dog's poop. They could be a little thicker and a little larger as my husband walks our dog most often and his hands are larger.	2
The case is incredibly sturdy and the hook at the top doesn't bother me at all, in fact it helps me feel which end is the top when it's dark. The case fits on the phone very well and doesn't show any signs of stretching. My only frustration with this case is that it has become incredibly discolored, even with regular cleaning. I don't use the stand very often, but it's a pretty flimsy one and I would imagine with more use it would be broken within a couple months. Overall a great case!	2
It works but it's more bulky than it should be and magnets are way too strong. Every time you have to close the door it holds so tight that it feels that the stop will be ripped from the molding very soon.	2
The leg taper could be more narrow	2
Not quite as long as I expected but they work fine and are comfortable.	2
I absolutely loved this product first time around. The second time I bought it, it had a moldy smell to it. Like the one where you wipe your body with an old towel that stayed folded while wet. Not a good sign of the inconsistency. Bought one for my mom who lives in a different state, and am not sure if she got a moldy smelling one herself because she won’t be able to tell the difference. She’s never used this rose water. I returned mine. Perhaps the storage area/truck this shipped on was too warm? Not planning on risking buying another one then having to ship it back if it’s moldy again.	1
I have a lot of skin tags, which is hereditary for me, this works great. Small discomfort, but big results for the price.	2
My cats didnt like it	1
It says it comes with a powder duster but it arrived without one. We had to go out and purchase one. Not happy about that. Only reason we purchased this one was because it comes with the powder duster.	2
One of the two GPS windshield mounts snapped and came apart while attaching to windshield. I expect a refund or will agree to have another set sent out. I am willing to give them a try perhaps the one unit that failed was a rare happening. Thank you, James Ferro	1
Great product. Works very well. A big time saver!	2
Fits nice no problems	2
This ripped the first time I put it on the bed. Cheaply constructed with weak seams.	1
The plastic molding on the filter is really really poorly done which makes me doubt the quality of the plastic used, and whenever I see low quality plastic I'm always concerned about whether it contaminates food. 1) the edges of the molding are burnt (that or they are dirty and I'm not sure which one is worse). 2) You can see a thin film of plastic on the edges from where the filter was cut out of the larger plastic molding, similar to the plastic splotches you see on plastic toy soldiers. I wouldn't drink hot or cold liquids from this because. Manufacturer, can you attest to what type of plastic is used in this filter?	1
Too small for a juvenile beard I	1
Nice design but they broke after just walking around the house.	1
Not as expected. Either I couldn't get them to work or they were defective. I'm no rocket scientist, but I think they were defective. Nice size, but...	1
Really wanted to like it but to small.	2
I had issues with it stingy my skin. I tried using it on my face on three different occasions thinking that it was from something else until I finally realized that it was in fact this product. I must be sensitive to it or something. It is great on my hand but it just makes my face feel like it is on fire.	1
Must be attached to flat/plumb vertical surface	2
These when leaking soda cans this paper sticks terribly !!	1
Received tons of compliments about this hair! no frizz!	2
I use it for my new i5-8400 cpu, yes it did lower the temperature about 5-10 celsius, but I still running on 90+ celsius on Far Cry 5 in 1440p. And 95+ Celsius on Prime95 stress test. It’s twice larger than the stock cooler I expected a bit more from it. But it is still one of the cheapest cpu cooler so what can I say	2
My kids are spoiled. They have tried a variety of Mac n cheese but this is the only one they will actually eat. I’m grateful we can order it now bc we live 2.5 hours away from WF. I mix in chicken, broccoli and mushrooms with zero complaints from my elementary age kiddos. Good luck out there in the world of feeding the cruelest of critics	2
I received this and it did not work.	1
This magnifier is perfect it could be a little stronger In magnification the size is great	2
The Mugs are really heavy to hold and the handle of one of the mug already broke without dropping. Sorry am not a happy customer to recommend this.	1
But the buttons snap out sometimes. Works pretty well.	2
The metal tip bends very easily.	2
Very bulky and the cord is so thick it still has kinks from packaging a month later. But it works well. We have 3/4 things charging almost all the time.	2
Great idea, terrible product. When you turn on your blow dryer the bonnet expands & is like bubble wrap on the inside. It suffocates your head & burns your ears. Very difficult to use.	1
This one couldn't hold zero at all, every 2 or 3 shots then need to adjust this sight again, and the riser became loose even though I have tightened it to my rifle before. Not recommend.	1
It's ok. Does the job somewhat.	2
My iPhone looks more stylish after put on.	2
These are the best flip flops but seriously order a size or two up. My last pair were 8’s and I had to get a 10 and they are the exact same size. Weird.	2
The product was inconsistent lengths and half were broken. A few even broke open for the wrapper	2
I like the vinyl but the tops of my sheets are damaged and the shipping box was fine,	1
I haven't even opened the package yet, but I hear a lot of loose seeds.	2
Ideal for my bedroom	2
Just Awesome durability and its as exactly as the seller had described even better this is my first time buying this kind of Kit and I tell you what I am so proud of it I love it love it love it is so awesome I recommend the seller to anyone seller is an amazing seller and is true to their word thank you for sending such an awesome package From Irma McKnight	2
Killed my gorgeous grass. Burt it	1
Ok. Sturdy. Fits well.	2
I didn't want to complain about it but I got sold a broken laptop and I didn't pay it to much mind cause I just need a new more capable laptop but now I look at it and it cause me more and more problems when I open it I just wish I would have gotten a brand new not broken laptop that was pawned off on me	1
My 4 yr old keeps falling off the disc and so did her little friend .it's definitely not as big as pictured and not fixed where she can balance..it tilts to one side. These are average sized kids that fall under the weight capacity so needless to say I'm a little disappointed :(	1
The very first one I opened was defective and didn't work properly at all. It ended up making a mess. And unlike as described, it nearly damaged my phone. It got under the protective casing where I had to take it apart before incurring liquid damage.	1
Works all right so far. The material is extremely nice. The issue is how thin it is and how thick the wires are. My wife enjoys it but the wires really detract from my enjoyment. Unfortunately everything is about cheap and I’m still searching for quality. While it’s lasted a month so far... this blanket isn’t what I’m looking for. If wires won’t bother you, everything else is good so far.	2
Lasted a good 10 used until popped. Fun little product though, kids love them	2
The half-sock is a good concept, but they don't stay on when I walk fast with my mule flats shoes.	2
They are the perfect bottles for spices or essential orders. I love the size and it has helped my organization in the kitchen! Very well made as well!	2
The reviews on this vest was all over the place!! So size wise its a toss up! I ordered up be cause i am a bit chesty! I wish i hadnt! Its boxy! I look like a line backer! Not sure if im keeping it!	2
After use, gets deflated. Material is strong an durable.	2
Item came nearly ideal aside from it being shipped in an envelope and having a dent to the upper left side of the packaging.	2
I would like to return these item Is to dark . please send me instruction	1
I thought my cats would really like this, but they are not really interested in it.	2
Nice weight, hangs much longer than displayed on model. I wear a 2x and this seems sloppy big to me. Probably would not by again if I had known.	2
In less than 3 years after replacement the big brass colored ring used to tighten the arm mount (the big ring/nut) broke again. Split in two. No, it did not overdo tightening the nut. Turned on the faucet and the whole thing came of the wall due to the water pressure. Its a nice looking arm mount, solid, except that plastic cheap feeling nut. Made in China? I’m really very disappointed in Delta. They should offer the option to buy that nut separately. I’m sure I’m not the only one dealing with this issue.	1
Cracks easily on minor drop/low drop. Fits perfectly.	1
Ends don't come together to allow hairs to be gripped. Don't waste your money on these. I ended up throwing them away.	1
It's a bit clunky, but it can be well protected	2
Not what i really expected, Don't get me wrong it's a nice looking ring, but it looks a little bit feminine , the red stones sticks out something real. If not for the cross, I would had sent it back, I'll have to get use to it,	2
Well the ad says cans and I thought I was at least going to get a 4 pack. It never arrived so I emailed seller and they said they would send another order at no charge and all I got was 1 can. Are you kidding me?!?!?! I would give them a negative star rating if I could!!!	1
Game costs thousands. 0 gameplay.	1
Didn't fit correctly.	1
This looks like a great chair that is easy to put together. However instead of nailing the plastic floor protector in the recessed hole in the middle they drove in two square machine nails, one on either side of the hole. One of the nails was protruding above the plastic and gouged the floor. I would rather have had them include the guides and four normal nails in the box and let me hammer them in myself.	1
Great case it actually outlived the insides of the phone	2
Very pretty. They weren’t as rose goldish in color as I expected but they are still really nice for the price.	2
Worthless scam app. Not worth downloading even once. Just want your money.	1
It has several pockets and will hold pens, 9mm single stack magazines and smaller. The pistol compartments have a “V” sewn in and makes ot very difficult to hold a glock 43. Maybe a .380 body guard would fit well but nothing much larger.	2
Product did not work as well as I expected.	2
It was a christmas present for my daughter. She was able to use it for 1 month and now it is not working. You can power it up, but it won't go in to the menu! $30 for something she go about 3 weeks worth of use out of. I would like another one that works.	1
All plastic, they look and feel really cheap junk	1
Loose fitting but works	2
Super cute dress! I absolutely loved it, fit as it should. My only complaint is the material, it's a fuzzy spandex body suit, it's a hot box! If you're body temperature is higher in your pregnancy, purchase at your own risk. I'm not generally a warm person and I sweat through this dress in an hour.	2
cap that came with wig too small, more for children size, good thing I had one of my own. Wig itself was pretty, looks really nice, but a bit on the smaller side, so wasn't comfortable for me.	1
I purchased this for the lid. I find sometimes the lid gets in the way, needs a third position. overall this is exactly what I was looking for, protecting the screen. there are times when the lid gets in the way, needs a roll up position. I have also noticed that sometimes the lid does not stay open or closed. i have not had a near death experience and would purchased again	2
did not like this it does not work well using the buttons would not buy it again	2
Made my hair dryer and	1
Good for grooming. Really don’t think it helped the hair grow. Only thing that helps growth is not plucking for two months.	2
Re-stocking fee aside, I returned it because the motion timelapse functionality is pretty much useless. I wasn't expecting miracles but expected to be able to do some simple moves. But the resulting TL wobbles all over the place and the app that controls it is really bad... Cumbersome and you have to reprogram it every time (can't repeat moves). Otherwise the product seemed fairly solid in the sense that it worked fine when I tested it it just a handheld gimbal (with a gh5 and a couple different lenses). There's no indication on the product page (that I could find) that you'll be charged a re-stocking fee and this is the only time I can recall being charged one on Amazon - and it was on the order of 100 bucks. Pretty lame.....BUT... Amazon refunded it completely when I complained.	2
Everything good! It works very well .Ibought this grinder because I wanted to save time and control the quality of ground meat I was using at home, The item was delivered on time . Easy to set up and, by following the instructions, was easy to use. If you are looking for a good light-duty home grinder, this is a top pick in my opinion.	2
Package was smaller than I anticipated. Product was as described.	2
I was looking for a quality fish oil. EPA/DHA, processing requirements and flavor all on my checklist. This is it. I am sold and so is my son. And a co-worker tried it and she is sold now too. The flavor will blow you away.	2
These have worked great to help reduce some of the pain from my plantar faciatis. I wear the compression socks with workout shoes, but wear these with sandals or around the house barefoot.	2
Fits as described, I’m 5’4” & 150lbs, 4 weeks postpartum. The shirts are soft and comfortable. I did not care for the sleeve inside each cup, I wasn’t sure if the breast pad should go in it or not. I wore it on the outside of it and it was just in the way. Otherwise, very comfortable & convenient when nursing!	2
Not very citrus. Smells like 'rain' and farmer's market. Not horrible, but not what I wanted.	2
Too firm. I haven't slept a good night since. I had to go buy a foam topper to soften it up.	2
This makes a beeping sound when it starts charging. But it also beeps when it stops. So when you don't have it PERFECTLY aligned, it beeps on/off all night long. Needless to say, it is irritating and you can't use it next to your desk and especially not next to your bedside.	1
Piece of crap! After two days the cable began to fray, before I could write a complaint I got a generic email stating that it has that tendency in "small" yards. I live on ten acres and it still frayed... don't waste your money.	1
I really wanted to like this scooter. Just my luck the front wheel fell off in first 10 minutes... and 5 more times I the next 30 minutes. The bolt won’t stay in one side. It is not made to last at all.	1
Very soft, supple and beautiful leather on exterior. Gave 4 stars because interior leather edges/stitching is a bit ragged and it's unclear how this will affect the long term wear. Hopefully it lasts a few years. Paid $10.99 so it was a good price for leather.	2
The manufacturer might want to melt or deburr the edges a little better. But all in all a great product.	2
Made for very little towels or very thin towels.picture is deceiving.	1
I agree that the frame and back of the frame seem a bit cheaply made, the glass on the front is also, not glass more of a plastic, which I personally did not mind bc the frame will be going into my 5 year olds room. However the frame did not come with holders to put hang it on the wall, and the back stand thing broke with little tug. Thank god I'll be hanging it. you get what you pay for. It's okay for the price I guess. I did paint it white which made it look better to me.	2
First of all, the idea of the emotions of the cook infusing the food is not new. It was borrowed from Like Water For Chocolate. But I could think of all kinds of fun things the author could have done with this to take the idea to a new level. But no. On top of that, the thing with the brother was not clear, the thing with the father went nowhere--two more big story opportunities left lacking. Just not a well written book. I stuck with it to the end hoping it would somehow come together but it ended up being entirely unsatisfying.	1
Missing the paperwork so not exactly sure where to hold it, reps to do, etc... will try to find online... seems cheaper than I expected and some parts fell off in transport and I had to put it back together. We shall see!	1
Must have for working, breastfeeding moms who have to pump!!	2
I had some issues with the shipping, but once I got it I was in love. It is small enough to put in my purse and go in the Timings, but large enough where I can still see both eyes at once without holding it 10 feet away from my face. No complaints here!	2
So...bought this water bottle a few weeks ago and have been rinsing it with with water and soap. Last night I decided to put it in the dishwasher and...RIP to my new water bottle. Totally not dishwasher safe. A side was melted and the cap could no longer screw on. It was actually pretty good while it lasted, however. Just don’t make the same mistake.	1
It’s only 7 pairs not 14 like the ad misleads you to believe. So for that price they are much cheaper at Walmart	1
Too thin for cast iron, great for stainless steel.	2
Tighter fit than expected, had to return.	2
I needed a large capacity humidifier, and the essential oil diffuser was an added bonus. Pros: This product worked as advertised, and produces a nice thick stream of mist that does not leave a residue or white film. Runs about 9-10 hours on max with a full tank. Since it's a large volume of water, it requires a lot more oil to get the scent in the room. I started with 6-8 drops, but eventually was up to 14-16 or so. The motor is very quiet, and the auto-shut off worked as expected. Cons: The blue light on the dial is fairly bright and there's no way to turn it off. Turns red when it's out of water, but still just as bright. In order to fill the water tank, you have to lift it off the base and usually spills a bit of water. I'm sure with practice I'd get better, but a top-fill unit may be better. Lastly, although the vaporizer motor is almost silent, there is an audible gurgle and bubbly sound periodically as the water moves from the tank to the humidifier. It's a spring loaded cap, and was noticeable while trying to fall asleep. I'm going to return the unit, but only because of the light and the water tank. Works great as a humidifier but I need a dark, quiet room to sleep.	2
Does not hold a charge as expected. Does not charge in the sunlight.	1
The idea of this is great, execution needs work (not as much through flaw in design but through a flaw in actual application/foreword thinking). I readily admit my complaint lies in it simply not being what I wish it was more than it lacking at being what it is. 1. The zipper comes off track literally every time I open it. While it’s fairly simple to remedy each time, it’d be nice if it reliably worked as intended 2. It purports to have the capacity to hold about 10 cards. It currently has 5 cards and a few dollars (here, a few genuinely means 3) and still the zipper takes several minutes of coaxing to work 3. As a female and business professional, I already have (obviously not this phone case’s fault) issues finding pants with pockets (dear god why is it a pipe dream to carry a phone, wallet, and keys {or, seriously, any ONE of those things} without carrying a purse?! Why?!), and was hopeful that a phone case that conviently doubled as a wallet would cut my issues from three to one. So while yes, it does easily hold the amount of things I’d put in a wallet, the fact that the zipper takes serious bargaining, shouting, and sometimes under my breath cursing to work makes me downright NUTS (yes, total first world problem. But hey, I like the things I have to do the things they’re supposed to do). For a case that seems to be marketed to women (based on wristlet), it’d be amazing if it overcame the pocket conspiracy. 0 stars in my heart because it doesn’t make pants pockets a thing and doesn’t magically anticipate that a phone case wallet for a phone that requires an adapter to use headphones doesn’t hold said adapter (unless it’s the only thing you want it to hold) BUT because I’m a fair person and this phone case doesn’t purport to be anything beyond a phone case, I give 3 stars because it doesn’t meet my expectation that the one moving part reliably, you know, move. TLDR; if you’re not against a few minutes of work to get the zipper to close each time you open it, this thing is perfect.	2
The only thing I wish these had was a spot to push the straws through.. leaving the bag open for the straw with children can get messy. Other than that.. pretty cool.	2
I missed my rainbow belts from HI, so I thought I'd buy the powder and add it to EVERYTHING! Mango, pineapple, fruit strips, so ono!	2
Thought I had been bitten by bed bugs but found out it was fleas.	1
As my title indicates, this product is of very poor quality. The product description indicates that there is a gradient of 20 different light settings that the device goes through to gently wake you. It does not. It has 3 light settings - dim, bright and super bright. The first setting goes on 30 minutes prior to the alarm clock set time. It then hard transitions to the next brightest setting 15 minutes later and then to the brightest setting at the alarm time, which is also when the alarm sound starts up. That being said, that's how the product functions when the alarm actually works. Unfortunately, the alarm function doesn't always work, even when the alarm is set. My other issue with this alarm clock is the sound quality is bad. The "white noise" and alarm clock sounds are short loop tracks and sound very tinny. Also, even though there are volume up/down buttons that you can use when setting the alarm, the sounds always come on at the loudest setting when the alarm goes off. This product is not worth the money they're asking for it. I'm returning it for a refund.	1
Unfortunately this is not waterproof. I have bought this similar brand by many other vendors in the past. I'm not sure what happened to this one but it was very thick and clumpy, didn't separate my lashes at all and like I said is definitely not waterproof. I use jojoba oil on my lashes at night, they grow really long and thick, so I use waterproof mascara as it doesn't weigh them down. When I curl them they stay curled the entire day. As soon as I put this on my lashes went completely straight. Never had this happen with any of the previous waterproof ones.	1
I did not receive this product! I was shipped ORGANIC BABY TEETHERS & there is a NO REFUND POLICY! Do Not Buy!	1
Both sides of the diaper are not velcro. Only one side. The other side is sewn shut. My kid still likes it a lot though so 3 stars	2
Fit weird on knees. Kid hated them. One star for comfort. Not quite sure about durability yet.	2
These shirts shrunk a full size.	1
This teensy tiny opening where actual vacuuming happens is maybe 3 inches or less! Honestly its not much wider and def more narrow than the tube and hose! It's become a pain so now looking to replace it! Too tedious!	2
I expected more while buying it.it looks cheap and in my opinion totally not worth that kind of money.i don't recommend it.	1
This book is grittier than my usual fare, but I enjoyed it anyway. Well-drawn characters, a fast-moving, complex plot, and a satisfactory resolution make it well worth the time.	2
Picture does not match the item I received. Completely different colors	1
I love the pendent, however the chain broke the first day I wore it. I have been having trouble finding a replacement chain.	1
I thought these would help with the smelly diaper pail. Didnt work for us.	1
Used a 128gb model of this in my phone for the past year, bought a 64gb to go in my phone and moved the 128gb to my Nintendo Switch. Fantastic read/write speeds for the price. Switch games load quickly and no wait times when taking RAW pictures and recording 4k on my phone. My only gripe is the USB reader. It's very small, durable, good build quality, and great read/write speeds. However, getting the microSD out of the reader is a bit of a pain. Once fully inserted barely any of the microSD sticks out so it's a bit difficult to remove. Other than that, caught the 64gb microSD and reader on sale for $29 so it's a great deal.	2
When I received this cover for my outboard I was also about to buy a Magma Grill cover. The Magma grill cover was over $50. This outboard cover fit my grill perfectly for a third of the cost. I also have matching covers on my grill and outboard hanging on my Transom.	2
Works perfectly on my two large breed dogs and even our cat.	2
Fits my galaxy s7, looks good but the sensitivity is awful. Took a decade just to type this.	1
Not pretty at all. Messy, black design.	1
Didn't have a seal on it, just came in a clear plain bag with no tags. I haven't used since anything could be in there.	1
Was smaller then expected but so far so good. Will update review after awhile.	2
Provided Light bulbs are very dim. Very easy to install. Fan works well.	2
not a solid mount for laptop, but ok for tablet	2
Haven't dropped my computer so can't tell you how good it works..	2
Very comfortable leggings	2
Charged once and couldn't charge again	1
Sorry I have to give it even one star. Not what I was expecting. I need to read the reviews first. It's weird, sick and demented. Waste. Of. Time.	1
I am so disappointed, my daughter is getting her snake tomorrow and now we don’t have a tank :(	1
Funny sign, love the idea but the banner is Not assembled and the kit includes cheap ribbon. I used a more sturdy twine. Assembly took about 10 minutes, would have been nice to just take it out of the package and hang it for the price.	2
Replaced my mom's Invacare wheelchair arm rests with these and the chair looks brand new. Sturdy, nice quality and better than what the chair came with. A+	2
kids really loved these	2
Wasn't sure since this was a new author for me. This was a good introduction.	2
