Thirst, Fear and Bribes on Desert Escape from Africa  AGADEZ, Niger (Reuters) - Customs officers in this dusty  Saharan town turned a blind eye as yet another creaking truck  piled with grain, smuggled cigarettes and dozens of migrants  heading for Europe rumbled off into the desert.	0
Toshiba 20 TV freaks out, sends distress signal See what happens when your warranty runs out?. In this case, a 20 Toshiba owned by Chris van Rossman started sending out the international distress signal at 121.	3
British hostage tried fleeing before death: report The portrait of Ken Bigley, who was murdered in Iraq October 7, stands in front of the congregation during a service at Liverpool #39;s Roman Catholic Cathedral on October 10.	3
Keychain clicker kills TVs Discrete device turns off televisions, creating a little peace and quiet. Until the yelling starts.	3
Cleric returns to Iraq, orders march on Najaf Powerful Shiite leader says he plans to lead a mass demonstration today to end fighting.  Iraqi hostage: Militants said Wednesday they had kidnapped the brother-in-law of Iraqi Defense Minister Hazem Shaalan 	0
Hewitt Beats Roddick to Reach Masters Final  HOUSTON (Reuters) - A fired-up Lleyton Hewitt defused  hard-hitting Andy Roddick 6-3, 6-2 on Saturday, scurrying into  the final of the Masters Cup for the third time in four years.	1
Despite booming economy, no concrete move on debt relief (AFP) AFP - Senior finance officials have hailed a robust global economic recovery, albeit one threatened by surging oil prices, but made little headway pushing China toward currency reform and took no firm steps to ease the debt of the world's poorest nations.	2
Ethiopian court sentences 3 former rebels to death for mass murders (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (AP) - A court has sentenced three former rebels to death for killing dozens of people while rebel factions jockeyed for power more than a decade ago, a government spokesman said Thursday.	0
Just a close call for closer No need to check with your primary care provider about the origin of that nervous tic you woke up with this morning, on the first full day of autumn. Ninth-inning home runs allowed in three consecutive games by Sox closer Keith Foulke, who also was tagged with blown saves in each of the last two games, were enough to leave ...	1
Study: Wild Monkeys Resort to Use of Tools WASHINGTON - Wild South American monkeys routinely use fist-sized rocks to crack open seeds and to dig in dry Brazilian soil for grubs and edible tubers, researchers report in the journal Science.	3
Bryant's Request to Seal Evidence Opposed (AP) AP - The prosecutor who charged Kobe Bryant with felony sexual assault has joined news organizations in opposing an attempt by the NBA star's attorney to permanently seal evidence and documents in the case.	1
Eagles have lift off Crystal Palace were triumphant last night (Oct 4) over 10-man Fulham at Selhurst Park, lifting themselves off the bottom of the Premiership.	1
Perens hits out at Sun over OpenOffice Open source developers who contribute to OpenOffice should stop donating their code to Sun Microsystems, open source advocate Bruce Perens has urged.	3
North Korea Talks May Be Victim of U.S. Election (Reuters) Reuters - Hopes for a September round of\six-party talks on the North Korean nuclear crisis were\evaporating on Tuesday as Pyongyang hinted it was awaiting the\outcome of the U.S. presidential race.	0
US insurers reel amid fix probe Insurance firms are left  reeling as New York attorney general Elliot Spitzer sues Marsh   McLennan, the world's largest insurance broker, for taking illegal payments.	2
Martha ink expert found not guilty In a major blow to Martha Stewart, the government ink expert who testified during her trial was found not guilty of perjury after less than two days of jury deliberations.	2
NL Notables Albert Pujols of the Cardinals became the fourth player to start his major league career with four straight seasons with at least 100 RBIs, joining Hall of Famers Al Simmons , Joe DiMaggio , and Ted Williams .	1
NIH was warned in '02 on AIDS drug for Africa WASHINGTON -- Weeks before President Bush announced a plan to protect African babies from AIDS, top US health officials were warned that research in Uganda on the key drug was flawed and may have underreported severe reactions, including deaths, government documents show.	0
Point taken AUBURN, Ala. -- The ball finally got to Courtney Taylor, the flag rescued John Vaughn, and No. 14 Auburn proved itself a Southeastern Conference contender.	1
Ford dumps \$200m Oracle system Ford has ditched Oracle #39;s online purchasing system eVEREST, because of flaws in the software. The car manufacturer has reportedly spent more than \$200m trying to get the system to work since it bought it in 2000. 	2
Relaxed Buildup For Carter A relaxed buildup, out of the spotlight, has been the key to Hamish Carter #39;s Olympic success. Carter led home a New Zealand gold and silver finish in the men #39;s triathlon on Thursday night, beating home teammate Bevan Docherty.	1
Schilling focused on 20th SEATTLE -- So, Curt Schilling , what do you do after you reach the threshold of your third 20-win season in four years and your first for the Red Sox, who signed you out of junior college 18 years earlier?	1
Polish hostage in Iraq pleads for life-Video The Polish woman held hostage in Iraq appeared in a new video, aired on Al-Jazeera satellite channel, pleading her nation to withdraw troops from the country and the release of women prisoners to save her life.	0
Foreign retailers #39; enclosure of land competition in China It is reported that another  quot;Champion Supermarket quot; of French retailer Carrefour will open soon in Guangming Village, Haidian District in Beijing.	2
Broadcom LAN Boosts Wi-Fi Range Broadcom has rolled out a line of local area network (LAN) chipsets it says can boost the range of existing Wi-Fi networks by as much as 50 percent.	3
Dollar melts but Snow stays firm The dollar plunged to an all-time low against the euro yesterday as the Bush administration signalled it was not prepared to take any action to prevent the slide.	2
Dutch to Withdraw Troops from Iraq in March  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - The Dutch cabinet has decided to  bring home the 1,350 Dutch troops in Iraq in March next year,  confirming a decision first made in June, the Dutch news agency  ANP cited Defense Minister Henk Kamp as saying on Friday.	0
IBM reportedly puts PC business on the market IBM, whose first PC in 1981 moved personal computing out of the hobby shop and into the corporate and consumer mainstream, has put the business up for sale, people close to the negotiations said Thursday.	2
Red Hat hit by security-update email scam Red Hat is warning users that an email purporting to be a security update may contain malicious code. The email - which began appearing last Friday - uses a securityredhat 	3
Nortel Expects Lower 3rd-Quarter Revenue  TORONTO (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; said it  expects to report lower third-quarter revenues compared to the  second quarter, North America's largest maker of telecom  equipment said in a regulator required market update on  Thursday.	2
Corzine Announces Bid to Be N.J. Governor (AP) AP - Four years after spending more than  #36;60 million of his own money to get elected to the Senate, Democrat Jon S. Corzine announced Thursday that he is running for governor in 2005.	0
Afghan UN Kidnappers Await Release of 26 Taliban (Reuters) Reuters - Kidnappers of three U.N. workers in\Afghanistan said on Thursday they expect the government to\release 26 Taliban prisoners in exchange for their hostages\before the Muslim Eid festival this weekend.	0
Republican Convention Opens as Delegates Adopt Platform Republicans are preparing to offer President Bush to the voters based in large measure on his response to 9/11.	0
SEC Won #39;t Punish Global Crossing Founder US regulators have decided against filing civil charges against Global Crossing Ltd. (GLBC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) founder Gary Winnick following a probe of its accounting practices, his attorney said on Monday.	2
This week's schedule TODAY'S GAMES Division 1 BIG THREE -- Brockton at Durfee, 7. GREATER BOSTON -- Arlington at Everett, 7; Cambridge at Peabody, 7; Somerville at Revere, 7.	1
Agent says Tigers didn #39;t make \$40-million offer Free agent Carl Pavano ended his visit to Detroit on Friday and left town accompanied by a report that the Tigers have offered the right-hander a four-year contract for \$40 million.	1
Anthem-WellPoint deal OKd Insurance Commissioner John Garamendi dropped his objection to Anthem Inc. #39;s purchase of WellPoint Health Networks Inc. after the companies agreed to spend \$265 million, more than double their previous commitment 	2
Arise Sir Mark  mum pays FORMER prime minister and doting mother Margaret Thatcher yesterday agreed to bail her son, Sir Mark Thatcher, out of house arrest in Cape Town.	0
Talk Is Cheap Using Internet Long-Distance (AP) AP - Jorge Chavez, sitting in his office on a used car lot in Hollywood, picks up the phone and dials his sister in Peru. Nothing unusual about that  #151; except that the call went out over the Internet, sounded as clear as if he had been calling Fort Lauderdale, and cost just a few pennies.	3
Toll Brothers Profit Nearly Doubles  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Toll Brothers Inc. reported on  Thursday quarterly earnings that nearly doubled, buoyed by  growing demand for its luxury homes, and the company raised its  forecast for 2005.	2
ALPA vote expected this week The Air Line Pilots Association expects to have a decision by early Thursday regarding a \$300 million wage and benefit concession agreement affecting its US Airways pilots, according to a union spokesman.	2
Rockets down Clippers 91-86 in OT Tracy McGrady scored 32 points to lead visiting Houston Rockets beating the Los Angeles Clippers 91-86 in overtime. It is the Rockets seventh straight win over the Clippers, and 	1
Iraq to Try Saddam Aides in Election Run-Up  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq will put some of Saddam Hussein's  top lieutenants on trial next week, a month before a national  election many hope will lay the ghosts of his rule, interim  Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Tuesday.	0
Kurdish Rebels Using European Bases (AP) AP - The recent Dutch raid against a suspected military training camp used by Turkish Kurdish rebels is the largest crackdown against the group in Europe, which has become a base for autonomy-seeking militants to collect money, recruit and train, authorities say.	0
Update 1: Advance America Leads Busy Day for IPOs Check-cashing service Advance America Cash Advance Centers Inc. gained as much as 37 percent in its initial public offering Thursday, leading moderate advances for all but one of the day #39;s seven deals.	2
Winning Paramount to New Notre Dame Coach (AP) AP - Charlie Weis promises to give Notre Dame an arrogant attitude and turn the Fighting Irish into an intelligent, hard-working, nasty football team.	1
On the Horizon: The Global Wireless Web (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Verizon recently announced plans to roll out its new wireless BroadbandAccess service in 14 American cities, with more to follow.	3
Linux supercomputers used for DOD war simulations The Pentagon is using two 256-processor Linux Networx Evolocity cluster supercomputers to conduct various disaster simulations.	3
New cabinet fails to squelch power-struggle talk (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister Tony Blair huddled with his cabinet after a reshuffle that reinforced his grip on the Labour Party, at least for the time being, ahead of an expected general election.	0
Talks Resume Between Airline, Pilots The Air Line Pilots Association says the pilots #39; negotiating committee met with management Sunday, a week after talks broke down.	2
Small firms struggle as oil soars Small manufacturers in the UK are struggling in the face of soaring oil prices and higher interest rates, the CBI says.	2
Nigeria military orders halt to delta patrols The Nigerian military on Friday ordered a halt to patrols around the Niger Delta to underscore the government #39;s commitment to a truce agreed with militants, a senior oil industry source said.	0
Preparing for Playoffs Top drivers like Matt Kenseth have saved many of their alloted testing sessions for NASCAR's new season-ending 10-race playoffs.	1
Crunch time next in store for Schilling TORONTO -- The next time Curt Schilling takes the ball for the Red Sox, it will be on the cusp of September, in the opener of a Fenway Park series next Tuesday against the Anaheim Angels, a team as hot as the Sox in August and one as bent as playing in October as the Olde Towne Team.	1
Kremlin Spins Putin #39;s Proposed Plans Following broad criticism that President Vladimir Putin is exploiting the Beslan school massacre to enhance his powers, the Kremlin mobilized a number of surrogate spokespeople 	0
Yankees #39; victory demonstrates Jeter #39;s value NEW YORK - Joe Torre does not bother to look for the look, not anymore. In the immediate wake of a traumatic baseball experience, Torre might need his green tea, his turn on the exercise bike, his time with family and friends.	1
SAP benefits from Europe bounce Business software maker SAP, which employs 450 people in Dublin and Galway, has said that a strong performance in its European activities helped boost earnings in the third quarter, which came out higher than analysts #39; expectations.	2
Google Challenges Amazon with Book Search Google Challenges Amazon with Book Search\\Google has quietly launched a new book search service which is predicted to rival Google publishing partner and Internet book retailer Amazon.com. Accoding to a Rueters report Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin will be holding a press conference on Thursday to demonstrate the ...	3
Russian Cargo Craft Docks at Space Station (AP) AP - A Russian cargo ship docked with the international space station Saturday, bringing food, water, fuel and other items to the two-man Russian-American crew, a space official said.	3
Cuban dissident freed, recounts grueling ordeal Cuban authorities on Tuesday released Ral Rivero, a dissident poet and journalist who spent 20 months and 6 days behind bars for conspiring with the US government to overthrow President Fidel Castro.	0
Raptors Rally From 20 Down to Beat Spurs (AP) AP - Lamond Murray scored all 13 of his points in the fourth quarter, helping the Toronto Raptors overcome a 20-point deficit in the second half to beat the San Antonio Spurs 96-91 Sunday.	1
Corning #39;s Crystal-Clear Future the world leader in production of the ultra-thin glass used by companies such as LG Philips LCD (NYSE: LPL), Sony (NYSE: SNE), Hitachi (NYSE 	3
Use Linux and you &lt;cite&gt;will&lt;/cite&gt; be sued, Ballmer tells governments Lawsuit doom over 228 'stolen' patents predicted	3
Palestinian leaders visit dying Arafat TOP Palestinian politicians are to visit Yasser Arafat in hospital and consult doctors about his condition amid claims that the veteran leader has suffered liver failure.	0
Gimme some skin! Sure, the Nintendo DS portable game machine is a technical wonder, with its super-sensitive touch screen, built-in wireless capability and	3
Mateschitz wants Coulthard Red Bull owner Dietrich Mateschitz has thrown his support behind David Coulthard gaining a seat in his team in 2005. The former McLaren driver has impressed in testing and while Mateschitz, the man behind 	1
Oil Prices Hover Just Below \$50 a Barrel US oil prices hovered just below \$50 a barrel on Tuesday, holding recent gains on a rash of crude supply outages and fears over thin heating oil tanks.	2
Ivorian exile's gardener killed An employee of Ivory Coast opposition leader Alassane Ouattara is found dead in suspicious circumstances.	0
Nationals Unveil Logos, Colors The Montreal Expos would be renamed the Washington Nationals if the proposed move of the franchise is approved by baseball owners.	1
Cemex Buys 18.8 Percent Stake in RMC  LONDON (Reuters) - Mexican cement company Cemex said on  Monday it had spent about 432 million pounds (\$780 million)  buying an 18.8 percent stake in RMC Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RMC.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RMC.L&lt;/A&gt; as part of  its planned takeover of its British rival.	2
Inflation in Check, Bond Prices Rise Briskly Thursday's bond price rally followed a government report that showed that inflation was well restrained in August.	2
Judge halts patent suits against Columbia A federal judge in Boston dismissed patent claims filed by large biotechnology companies against Columbia University that alleged the New York school was improperly trying to extend its rights to a process widely used to engineer new drugs.	2
140 still trapped in mine in China blast; 25 dead BEIJING - More than 140 miners remained trapped in the tunnels and shafts of a coal mine in central China after an explosion Sunday that killed 25 of their colleagues, the government said.	0
Groton soldier killed in blasts in Iraqi capital A 40-year-old soldier from Groton died yesterday in an explosion in Iraq, apparently while delivering candy to Iraqi children during a government-sponsored celebration to inaugurate a sewage plant in Baghdad, according to family and news reports. The apparent car bombs reportedly left about 35 children dead. Army Staff Sergeant Darren Cunningham, a father of two, had been serving in Iraq ...	0
Cocoa Drops, Metals Jump on Weak Dollar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cocoa prices sank on Wednesday as  exporters in top-grower Ivory Coast kept up with the arrival of  the new crop, which was halted several times this month by an  outbreak of civil violence and a farmers strike.	2
U.S. Filing Complaint on Airbus Subsidies U.S. trade authorities said Wednesday they will file a complaint against the European Union to the World Trade Organization, contesting what they regard as billions of dollars in unfair subsidies provided to aircraft company Airbus by European governments.	2
NASA Says Shuttle Is On Track for May Flight NASA engineers said yesterday that plans to send the space shuttle aloft next May appear to be proceeding smoothly, but designers acknowledged  quot;setbacks quot; in devising onboard techniques to 	3
UPDATE 1-Centurion Youhana sets up Pakistan victory Yousuf Youhana top-scored with an unbeaten 107 to guide Pakistan to an eight-wicket victory over Sri Lanka and into the final of a three-nation one-day tournament on Wednesday.	1
Pierce Is Rare Mix Redskins linebacker Antonio Pierce was impressive during Sunday's 16-10 win. But just as significant was the leadership and intelligence he exhibited leading up to the game.	1
Bonneville adds three radio stations in Phoenix Salt Lake City-based Bonneville International Corp. has acquired three radio stations in Phoenix in a trade for a Chicago rock station and cash.	2
It #39;s smartin #39; Martin ONeill in denial over red cards as Rangers close the gap in title race. THERE was a first Old Firm Premierleague win in almost two years for Rangers at Ibrox yesterday; a 2-0 victory that ended a run of 	1
Kaman itching to play despite recent surgery As a perpetual losing franchise, the Clippers have been known to find motivation in strange places, especially when they are far out of the playoff race.	1
NetSky variant tops virus list again LYNNFIELD, Mass., Nov. 1 - NetSky-P and Zafi-B were the top two viruses in circulation in October, security company Sophos says in its monthly top-10 viruses and hoaxes lists.	3
Newcastle give Souness winning league start at Saints Newcastle United marked their first Premier League match under Graeme Souness with a 2-1 win at Southampton thanks to 20-metre winner from right back Stephen Carr on Sunday.	1
Irish Help European Team at Ryder Cup (AP) AP - The Americans have the big names. The Europeans have the luck of the Irish.	1
AL roundup: Royals #39; 26 runs good only for split After being on the wrong end of several records in a 26-5 loss to the visiting Kansas City Royals, the Detroit Tigers went out and won 8-0 in the second game of the doubleheader.	1
FCC seeks power over VOIP Federal Communications Commission officials want to regulate voice-over-IP services, FCC chairman Michael Powell said. In an Oct. 19 speech in Boston, Powell praised voice-over-IP innovators and argued his case for federal oversight of the technology.	3
Entertainment part of Paralympics closing ceremony canceled &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Athens 2004 Organizing Committee (ATHOC) has decided to cancel the planned entertainment part of the closing ceremony due a traffic accident which killed at least seven people early Monday morning.	1
Thai Spokesman: Myanmar PM Forced to Quit BANGKOK, Thailand - Myanmar's secretive military regime has forced out its prime minister, the long-powerful Gen. Khin Nyunt, and placed him under house arrest on corruption charges, a government spokesman in neighboring Thailand said Tuesday...	0
UBS Buys Schwab Unit for \$265 Mln  GENEVA/NEW YORK (Reuters) - Swiss-based banking giant UBS  AG has agreed to buy Charles Schwab Corp.'s capital markets  unit for \$265 million in cash, making UBS a leading player on  the U.S. Nasdaq exchange, the companies said on Tuesday.	2
Consumers Perk Up, So Do Wholesale Prices  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. consumers cheered up in early  December, sending potentially good news to retailers during the  crucial holiday shopping season, a report showed on Friday.	2
Sources: Sony Eyes File-Sharing Venture Sony BMG Music Entertainment and online peer-to-peer software distributor Grokster are working on a new venture that is expected to offer paid and free song downloads over the Internet, sources say.	3
Spain Plays Down Canary I. Locust Threat (AP) AP - An estimated 100 million locusts swarmed one of the Canary Islands Tuesday, but the crop-ravaging insects  #151; many with only a week to live  #151; posed little threat, arriving with missing wings and broken legs after their 60-mile flight from the African mainland.	3
Violence exposes Shi #39;ite divisions Iraqi security forces fired on demonstrators loyal to rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr in the Iraqi capital yesterday, killing two in a clash 	0
Mutu Banned Seven Months by English FA for Taking Cocaine Adrian Mutu, fired by Chelsea last week after failing a doping test for cocaine, was banned for seven months and fined 20,000 pounds (\$36,800) by England #39;s Football Association.	1
U.N.: Palestinian Economy Grew 4.5 Pct (AP) AP - Three of every four Palestinians live in poverty and their economy still depends on donors, despite 4.5 percent economic growth last year, the United Nations said on Wednesday.	0
GM to Boost Incentives in 'Red Tag' Sale  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt;, coming off  two straight months of disappointing sales, told dealers on  Tuesday it will launch new U.S. sales incentives later this  week.	2
Savings in bankruptcy at issue at court The US Supreme Court considered yesterday how much retirement savings people can shield when they file for bankruptcy, an important question as more Americans go into debt.	2
Cell Phones Double as Credit Cards Motorola will test handsets that include wireless payment functions.	3
US to ease loan goals for Fannie, Freddie - WSJ The US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) will propose an easing of rules that will require Fannie Mae (FNM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Freddie Mac (FRE.	2
WADA Chief: Marion Jones Could be Turning Point in Effort to Rid &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The chief of the World Anti-Doping Agency says drug allegations surrounding US Olympic sprint champion Marion Jones could become a turning point in efforts to rid sports of drugs.	1
Hezbollah Releases Drone Aircraft Footage (AP) AP - Hezbollah on Monday released footage of an drone aircraft it had sent into Israeli airspace a day earlier, a flight which the United Nations said violated the U.N.-drawn border between Lebanon and Israel.	0
Google shares go crazy (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - The price of Google shares soared Friday, evoking memories of the Internet bubble among some Wall street analysts and traders.	3
Sven #39;s men shape up their Owen way DON #39;T think the Sven-Goran Eriksson formation team will keep performing the quickstep despite their cavalier style against Azerbaijan.	1
Any Command Line Interface Tricks? \\The other day I was thinking about all the edge-cases within Linux and how there\are hundreds of little commands and tricks.  I these know now but only after\using UNIX for more than 15 years now (has it been that long!).  I wish I would\have known all these tricks when I was just getting started.\\This is similar to Danny O'Briens Life Hacks  but since so many of us spend\our life tied to our shell these are essentially "Shell Hacks".\	3
UPDATE 2-US mortgage applications rise in latest week-MBA Overall applications for US home loans rose last week, spurred by a rise in mortgage refinancings, as 30-year mortgage rates eased to their lowest since early April, an industry group said on Wednesday.	2
Hedge Fund Is Censured and Ordered to Pay Taxes A federal judge ruled Friday against Long-Term Capital Management, finding that the fund acted in bad faith when it took \$106 million in tax deductions.	2
Spokane diocese files for bankruptcy By becoming only the third diocese nationally to seek shelter in bankruptcy court, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Spokane is hoping the court will help provide a clearer picture of its financial liability in mounting sex-abuse lawsuits and goad its 	2
Taliban Warns of More Attacks as Kabul Toll Rises  KABUL (Reuters) - The Taliban warned on Monday of further  deadly attacks in the run-up to Afghanistan's first  presidential election after a car bomb in the heart of the  capital killed up to a dozen people.	0
Chargers Go for Rare 10-Win Season (AP) AP - Although the resurgent San Diego Chargers can't clinch a playoff berth Sunday, they can continue to rehabilitate their image. Sad sacks just a year ago, the Chargers (9-3) have at least clinched a winning season. If they beat the Tampa Bay Buccaneers (5-7) at home, they'll have won 10 games for the first time since 1994, when they were 11-5 and made their only Super Bowl appearance.	1
Broad Use of Harsh Tactics Is Described at Cuba Base Many detainees at Guantnamo Bay were regularly subjected to harsh and coercive treatment, several people who worked in the prison said in recent interviews.	0
Berkshire Hathaway Greenspan basically has stopped the movie projector and pushed the button that says, "reverse."	2
New Treo and more unveiled at CTIA CTIA stands for the Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association. Each year they host two shows for the industry. This week is their fall Wireless IT and Entertainment expo in San Francisco.	3
Rafique and Mortaza strike, but India pass 400 Mohammad Rafique and Mashrafe Mortaza shared five wickets as India reached 7 for 413 at lunch on day two of the second and final Test in Chittagong.	1
IAEA chief arrives in South Korea amid concerns over nuclear &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The head of the International Atomic Energy Agency arrived in South Korea on Sunday amid concerns over the country #39;s past nuclear experiments.	0
Ravens #39; Secondary To Get First-Rate Test So much of the Baltimore Ravens #39; identity is built around their swaggering defense, and their pride in not allowing 100-yard rushers and not giving up big plays.	1
Microsoft Sets Licensing Policy for New Chips (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  on\Tuesday agreed to require only a single license for server\software that runs on computers powered by a new generation of\chips that squeeze multiple processors into a single package.	3
Venus: Inhabited World? by Harry Bortman    In part 1 of this interview with Astrobiology Magazine editor Henry Bortman, planetary scientist David Grinspoon explained how Venus evolved from a wet planet similar to Earth to the scorching hot, dried-out furnace of today. In part 2, Grinspoon discusses the possibility of life on Venus...	3
Dell Contemplates AMD Chip Offerings Since its release in early 2003, AMD #39;s Opteron server CPU has made great inroads almost everywhere... except with Dell. The CEO of Dell, Kevin Rollins, says that may very well be about to change, as the company 	3
Hong Kong chokes under thick smog \Hong Kong's government warns people with heart and respiratory problems to stay in as smog chokes the territory.	0
Different Team, Different Weaver In one year, Jeff Weaver has gone from being unwanted by the Yankees to being desperately needed by the Los Angeles Dodgers.	1
Carroll leads Aussie swim charge By the AAP. Olympic finalist Lara Carroll is the fastest qualifier for the 200 metres individual medley final on day four of the world short course swimming championships at Indianapolis.	1
Roddick Continues to Show His Dominance t has been an uninspiring United States Open for the American men, who fell apart with remarkable alacrity in the first week of the tournament.	1
Home Theater Maker Kaleidescape Hit with Copyright Suit Gartner #39;s research indicates that US consumers have certain expectations as to what fair use really is.  quot;When we #39;ve surveyed teens and adults, we #39;ve found that at least 60 percent of both groups 	3
AOL to Give Away Anti-Virus Software to Members (Reuters) Reuters - America Online, the world's largest\Internet service provider, plans to offer its 23.4 million U.S.\subscribers a premium anti-virus software service, McAfee\VirusScan Online, for free in November.	3
Cubs seek to stay atop wild-card race The Chicago Cubs can afford few mistakes in their quest for a playoff spot over the seasons final week. Chicago will look to remain atop the NL wild-card race when it opens a four-game series against the Cincinnati Reds at Wrigley Field.	1
Cowboys' Jones Out With Broken Shoulder (AP) AP - Cowboys rookie running back Julius Jones broke his left shoulder and is expected to be out about two months.	1
FDA Encourages Radio Tags on Drug Bottles Viagra, Oxycontin and some AIDS drugs will be among the first to carry radio chip tracking devices under a new Food and Drug Administration 	3
Dark Side of Kazaa and Other P2P File Sharing Programs Dark Side of Kazaa and Other P2P File Sharing Programs\\P2P file sharing programs are free. Period. But there are P2P scam sites out there that want you to pay them instead. P2P scam sites are rogue companies that have set up shop to fleece unsuspecting music downloaders looking for file ...	3
CNNfn to shut after nine years CNN plans to shut down its CNNfn network in mid-December, cutting 60 jobs in the process. Some of the financial news network #39;s programming will shift to CNN, the Atlanta Business Chronicle reported Thursday.	2
An Oil Shock That Could Be an Economic Stimulus in Disguise Despite the parallels with the oil shocks of past decades, the impact of the oil spike on the economy is likely to be much less intense than in previous surges.	2
24 killed in Iraq car bombings Insurgents unleashed a pair of powerful car bombs yesterday near the symbol of US authority in Iraq -- the Green Zone, where the US Embassy and 	0
Armstrong Ponders Tour Six-time Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong will decide in May whether he will return to defend his title in 2005.	1
News: Online fraud tutorials... from the Secret Service? U.S. law enforcement closed down the thriving criminal marketplace Shadowcrew.com last week, but left its database of forbidden knowledge open to the public. \	3
Wall St. Seen Flat at Open as Oil Eyed  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was expected to start little  changed on Friday as investors continue to fret over the impact  of high oil prices on earnings, while Boeing &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; will be  eyed after it reiterated its earnings forecast.	2
Family Tree Maker 2005 Deluxe; Law   Order: Justice Is Served; WWE Smackdown! Vs. Raw The 12th edition of this genealogy program comes in three editions -- Standard, Deluxe and Collector's -- but the core program is identical in all.	3
Heating fuel supply seen ample; oil futures fall under \$46 SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Natural gas futures closed under \$7 for the first time in over seven weeks, with the first decline in US inventories since late March not influential enough to spark concerns over winter heating-fuel supplies.	2
Troops Stay in Touch on Intranet A free collaborative service is an alternative to the military's portal site for sharing photos and family news. A soldier can read bedtime stories to his kids, but it can be scary for folks at home to see what's really going on overseas. By Michelle Delio.	3
Gronholm has narrow Australia lead PERTH, Australia -- Finland #39;s Marcus Gronholm holds the early lead after the first stage of the Rally of Australia. Double world champion Gronholm #39;s Peugeot was fastest around the 2.34km city circuit in the 	1
Drug labels to reflect suicide link WASHINGTON - The Food and Drug Administration plans to update antidepressant labels to reflect studies that suggest a link between the drugs and suicide in youths.	2
EDS forms alliance to challenge IBM's Global Services business EDS on Monday announced the formation of the EDS Agility Alliance with industry heavyweights Cisco, Dell, EMC, Microsoft, Sun Microsystems, and Xerox. The partnership will be the foundation for EDS' efforts to regain momentum in the services business, where it has lost ground to challengers such as IBM's Global Services unit.	3
Indonesian experts deny  #39;Flores man #39; fossil claim YOGYAKARTA (Antara): Indonesian senior pale-anthropologist Teuku Jacob denied claims made by Australian anthropologist Peter Brown saying that fossils found in September 2003 were of a newspecies called Homo floresiensis.	3
Busch Remains the Man to Beat in the Race for Nascar #39;s Nextel Cup With drivers like Jeff Gordon, Dale Earnhardt Jr., Jimmie Johnson and Mark Martin in the field for Nascar #39;s Chase for the Nextel Cup championship, there are plenty of intriguing and compelling story lines to follow.	1
India among top four FDI destinations in Asia NEW DELHI - The United Nations Conference on Trade  amp; Development (UNCTAD) on Wednesday placed India among the top four Asian foreign direct investment (FDI) destinations and said it will get more foreign investment flows as the global economy rebounds 	2
Russian coach is staying in charge Russia coach Georgy Yartsev will stay in charge for at least one more match despite the 7-1 defeat by Portugal in last week #39;s World Cup qualifier.	1
SA coach Simons could quit South Africa coach Eric Simons is considering resigning because of the team #39;s poor performances in Sri Lanka. South Africa drew the first Test but lost the second by 313 runs and they have already been defeated in the first one-day international.	1
Yahoo pares Google stake, sells \$191 mn in stock New York, August 28: Yahoo Inc said on Saturday it sold \$191 million in Google Inc stock in that company #39;s Initial Public Offering, cashing out some of the 2.7 million shares Google gave Yahoo this month to settle two disputes.	2
Nike Profit Up 25 Percent on U.S. Demand  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Nike Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NKE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NKE.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest athletic shoe company, on Monday reported a 25 percent  rise in quarterly profit, beating analysts' estimates, on  strong demand for high-end running and basketball shoes in the  United States.	2
U.S. Military Wraps Up Philippines Relief (AP) AP - The Philippines thanked the U.S. military on Saturday for its help after storms and typhoons left more than 1,000 people dead and at least 550 missing.	0
First defeat tastes so sour for Souness QUESTIONS WERE ASKED ABOUT Sam Allardyces ambition when, having spent years bemoaning the lack of opportunities for British managers, he politely told Newcastle United to look elsewhere in their search for a successor to Sir Bobby Robson.	1
CAO chief faces Singapore probe The chief of Beijing-backed China Aviation Oil #39;s (CAO) Singapore unit has agreed to return to Singapore this week to face investigators in the city-state #39;s biggest financial scandal since the 1995 fall of Barings Bank, company 	2
Britain Creates New Numbers for Internet Phone Users (Reuters) Reuters - A new batch of phone numbers will be\assigned in Britain to accommodate the emerging market for\cheap phone calls over the Internet, the UK's media and\telecoms regulator said on Monday.	3
Briefly: Transmeta starts new chip, warns on earnings roundup Plus: Keynote to buy researcher Vividence...Melinda Gates joins Washington Post board...The Woz has got game...Opera browsing, as seen on TV...EdgeStream introduces IPTV platform...Dolby, Intel sound off for developers.	3
PINSENT WEIGHS UP FUTURE British rowing hero Matthew Pinsent is in no hurry make a decision over whether he will compete at the next Olympics in Beijing. Pinsent guided Britain to first place in the coxless fours at the Athens games 	1
History promises memorable Chennai encounter Over the years, the ground has produced some of the most endearing moments between the two countries. In the 1969-70 series, the match produced a shoot-out between two of the best post-war 	1
Walkout goes on as GM job-cut talks begin RUESSELSHEIM - Top Opel management and labour officials began talks Monday on the plans by General Motors to axe 10,000 jobs at the carmaker, while workers at one of the company #39;s main plants in Bochum continued a walkout.	2
Underestimating Bob Evans #39; contributions Your statements (re: the S/360)  quot;...It was the first mainframe that allowed different applications to be run simultaneously ... quot; and  quot;..Before the S/360 appeared on the scene each computer was unique .. quot; are utterly wrong and do not give the IBM System 	3
Seoul dismisses North #39;s nuke claims as propaganda SEOUL (AFP) - South Korean officials on Tuesday dismissed as propaganda a top North Korean official #39;s claims that Pyongyang had made nuclear weapons from spent plutonium fuel rods, news reports said.	0
Former Predators Center Zholtok Dies Minnesota Wild right winger Sergei Zholtok of Latvia, rigth, battles for the puck ahead of Colorado Avalanche left winger Eric Messier, left, in the first period of game 7 of their Western Conference quarterfinal series in Denver in this April 22, 2003 	1
Attorney: CU could face serious NCAA sanctions The University of Colorado could face serious NCAA sanctions if private donations for a summer football camp were used for recruiting, an attorney said.	1
Canada Basketball dumps senior men #39;s national coach Jay Triano TORONTO (CP) - Canada Basketball dumped Jay Triano on Tuesday after some six years as men #39;s team head coach and 11 years as a player - seven of them as captain.	1
Inside the JPEG Virus The end of summer lull for viruses and worms continues. We #39;re still seeing new versions of RBots, and a new Bagle, but nothing with teeth.	3
HP bags orders from 7-Eleven, Publix The computing giant wins two lucrative deals to provide retail network hardware and services.	3
Pru investors seek to vent frustration DISGRUNTLED shareholders of Prudential will this week demand urgent talks with Rob Rowley, the companys senior independent director, to express their frustration at the insurers decision to raise 1 billion in a rights issue.	2
Rain expected across much of nation Rain was expected to dampen much of the nation on Saturday, with snow falling in mountainous areas of the West. Widespread showers were forecast for the Ohio Valley, Great Lakes, Northeast, Mid-Atlantic and the central Tennessee Valley.	3
Before-the-Bell: Synopsys Shares Drop (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Synopsys Inc. (SNPS.O), a\semiconductor design software maker, tumbled before the bell on\Thursday, a day after the company reported lower quarterly net\income and said results in the current quarter would be below\Wall Street estimates.	2
Food Short on Space Station NASA officials said yesterday that the international space station is running so low on food that its two crewmen have had to cut back on their eating and may have to abandon the orbiting 	3
HP Shutters UDC Hewlett-Packard has decided to break up its Utility Data Center (UDC) program, according to company spokespeople. A long-term initiative dating back to the late 1990s, the UDC program aimed to provide enterprises 	3
Report: Russian Gov #39;t Approves Merger Plan The Russian government has approved a plan for the merger of natural gas giant Gazprom and the state-owned Rosneft oil company, a news agency reported Thursday.	2
Microsoft Speeds Up SP2 Microsoft will accelerate the rollout of Windows XP Service Pack 2 over the next month and has released the first official update for SP2 to fix a problem some users had with virtual private networks.	3
PluggedIn: The OQO Is Not Just Another Handheld Device  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A full-fledged Windows XP  computer that's a fraction of the size of a laptop seems like  the answer to the digerati's prayers, but the praise greeting  the OQO Model 01 has been decidedly muted.	3
September Storms Left Retailers All Wet  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top U.S. retailers, including Wal-Mart  Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, reported lackluster September sales on  Thursday, as warm weather and string of hurricanes that  battered the East Coast dampened buying.	2
Infocus: Defeating Honeypots : Network issues, Part 1 The purpose of this paper is to explain how attackers behave when they attempt to identify and defeat honeypots, and is useful for security professionals to deploy honeypots in a more stealthy manner.	3
Shiite parties announce candidates for election A Sunni group that had called for a delay in voting quietly files its slate for balloting.  Seven Iraqis were killed Thursday in clashes in Baghdad and the volatile city of Ramadi.	0
Confidence Index Drops, So Do Treasuries  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices fell on Tuesday in  profit-taking after a weaker-than-expected consumer confidence  index failed to punch key yields below recent lows.	2
Excited about Bonds chasing home run record? Not anymore SAN JOSE, Calif. _ So it has finally happened. The smoldering fumes of steroid smoke have burst into flames around Barry Bonds. According to his own grand-jury testimony, leaked to the San Francisco Chronicle 	1
Asian Shares Track Wall Street Losses (Reuters) Reuters - Asian stocks slid on Monday on gloomy\U.S. jobs data, bleak earnings prospects at tech firms and high\oil prices, while the Australian dollar hit a six-month peak\after the coalition government was swept back to power.	2
Lebanese Politician Hurt in Apparent Suicide Attempt; Driver &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Officials in Beirut say Marwan Hamadeh was wounded Friday when his car was targeted by a remote-controlled bomb near his home. He suffered only minor injuries, but his driver was killed and a bodyguard was seriously hurt.	0
Freed UN hostages meet Karzai, prepare to head home (AFP) AFP - Three UN workers freed after almost four weeks in captivity in Afghanistan met President Hamid Karzai and said freedom felt "wonderful" as the first of them flew home for a reunion with his family.	0
GRONHOLM CAN BOUNCE BACK - PROVERA Peugeot boss Corrado Provera expects Marcus Gronholm to bounce back today after wet weather saw him slip off the pace in the Wales Rally GB.	1
FCC Backs Bells on Fiber Phone Line Sharing Limits (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. regulators on Thursday said big\local phone companies will not have to share new fiber-optic\lines built for high-speed Internet and other services,\spurring one carrier to speed roll-out plans.	3
ARM falls 18 on US deal Chip designer ARM Holdings yesterday made its biggest ever acquisition, buying US rival Artisan Components for \$913m (502m). But investors balked at the high price and sent its shares crashing more than 18.	2
North parties to meet for fresh talks on peace process The Norths political parties are due to meet in Stormont today for talks aimed at reviving the stalled peace process. The talks are designed to prepare the ground for an intense round of make-or-break negotiations 	0
A Tenuous Hold on Middle Class Even as African Americans and other minorities have made economic progress in the last 40 years, many of those reaching the middle-income rung are finding it a hollow promise.	2
Blair outlines Sudan demands Tony Blair today said the Sudanese government had agreed to a five-point action plan aimed at ending the conflict in Darfur, which has resulted in what the UN describes as the world #39;s worst humanitarian crisis.	0
Wrenching Tale by an Afghan Immigrant Strikes a Chord "The Kite Runner," by Khaled Hosseini, a previously unknown son of an Afghan political refugee, has captivated reading groups across the country.	0
SanDisk plays up digital audio devices SanDisk releases first digital audio players as it looks to expand the market for flash memory.	3
Warming affects climate, not DC Global warming has had little noticeable impact in Washington, DC Politicians in the nation #39;s capital have been reluctant to set limits on the carbon dioxide pollution that is expected to warm the planet by 4 to 7 degrees Fahrenheit during the next century 	3
Ballmer bullish on future, bearish on Linux Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Steve Ballmer addressed a gathering of software industry leaders here on Wednesday, touting his company #39;s vision for a bright future 	3
Ban for former Ahold executives Dutch food retailer Ahold and three former top executives have agreed to settle fraud charges related to \$1bn overstatement of profits.	2
GAME REVIEW: Exciting  #39;Halo 2 #39; game shoots for perfection At the risk of breaking down its rough-and-rugged reputation,  quot;Halo 2 quot; for Xbox is the Mary Poppins of video games,  quot;practically perfect in every way.	3
Illinois Fighting Illini CHAMPAIGN, Illinois (Ticker) -- No. 13 Michigan tries to avoid its first road loss to Illinois in 21 years when the Big Ten Conference foes meet Saturday.	1
Pedro would get his re\$pect from Mets, but they need more Get used to it, quick. The New York Mets are making a strong push to close on a deal with the marquee free-agent right-hander, with indications that a four-year guaranteed contract offer has all but delivered him.	1
SpaceShipOne successful again MOJAVE, Calif. -- By the time test pilot Brian Binnie shut down the rocket engine on SpaceShipOne Monday morning, the view out his cockpit windows had turned from bright, desert blue to black.	3
Compensation plan for 27,000 Pinochet victims Chile #39;s government is to seek congressional approval to compensate more than 27,000 victims of political imprisonment and torture at the hands of the country #39;s rightwing military regime, which ruled from 1973 to 1990.	0
Teenage bullies thrive in cyberspace The fight started at school, when some eighth-grade girls stole a pencil case filled with makeup that belonged to a new classmate, Amanda Marcuson, and she reported them.	3
Urlacher not expected to play Sunday Lake Forest, IL (Sports Network) - Chicago Bears standout linebacker Brian Urlacher has been downgraded to doubtful for Sunday #39;s game against Philadelphia.	1
Interest rates on short-term T-bills mixed Interest rates on short-term Treasury securities were mixed in yesterday's auction. The Treasury Department sold \$19 billion in three-month bills at a discount rate of 2.210 percent, up from 2.195 percent last week. An additional \$17 billion was sold in six-month bills at a rate of 2.380 percent, down from 2.395 percent.	2
Shares in Air China jump on debut Shares in China's biggest airline Air China close up 8 after making their debut on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.	2
Four more hits! Four more hits! The lighter side of Ichiro Suzuki emerged Tuesday night after he moved into a tie for second place on the Major League all-time single-season hit list.	1
Key Provisions of the Intelligence Bills (AP) AP - Comparison of some provisions in the House and Senate bills with the recommendations of the Sept. 11 commission:	0
Morningstar Faces Possible SEC Civil Suit Morningstar Inc., the mutual fund and stock research provider, on Friday said it may face US Securities and Exchange Commission civil charges over incorrect data it published about a mutual fund.	2
U.S.: Blast Consistent with N.Korea Explanation  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - North Korea's explanation that a  blast last week was demolition work for a power project rather  than a nuclear explosion squared with what Washington saw,  Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Tuesday.	0
Wall St. Expected to Open Slightly Lower  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was expected to open  slightly lower on Friday but United Technologies Corp. may  climb after its chief executive gave an upbeat outlook.	2
Yukos top managers leave Russia fearing arrest MOSCOW - The top management of oil major Yukos has left Russia fearing arrest under a Kremlin drive to  quot;decapitate quot; the country #39;s largest oil exporting company, a Yukos source said on Thursday.	2
Britain Stands Firm as Hostage Pleads The British and Iraqi governments said on Thursday they would not bow to the demands of militants threatening to kill a British captive, despite a video message from the hostage pleading for his life.	0
Updates: AIG, Time Warner, CalPERS American International Group, Inc. reported that AIG Financial Products Corp., a subsidiary, has reached an \$80 million settlement with the Department of Justice concerning charges that stemmed from structured 	2
Israeli wins country #39;s first Olympic gold Television and radio stations in Israel cut away from their midday programming. News Web sites were updated faster than even the nimblest of fingers could press  quot;refresh.	1
Moody #39;s raises Dell #39;s senior unsecured debt rating NEW YORK, Aug 18 - Moody #39;s Investors Service said on Wednesday it raised the senior unsecured debt rating of Dell Inc. (DELL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) with a stable outlook citing the firm #39;s strong balance sheet and solid operating and financial ...	2
IBM Agrees to Settle Part of Federal Pension Lawsuit (Update3) International Business Machines Corp., the world #39;s largest computer maker, said it will pay at least \$300 million to settle part of a lawsuit that claimed the company #39;s pension plan discriminated against older workers.	2
Fat Students Sap School Finances By BEN FELLER    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Expanding waistlines are squeezing the bottom line of the nation's schools, as poor eating and exercise subtly strip money from education, a new study suggests.    "It's too risky not to call attention to this," said Dr...	3
United Air whacks pay, ends pensons United Airlines said it must cut an another \$2 billion in costs, including an end to all employee pension plans, to exit bankruptcy.	2
Toothfish 'pirate' trial collapse The trial of five men accused of poaching rare fish from Australian waters in a Uruguayan trawler collapses.	0
Henman has to stay cool in warm-up for Roddick It was overcast and chilly at the Westside Tennis Club here yesterday morning when Tim Henman went out to practice for the Masters Cup.	1
A Sunni commission issues a Fatwa to release French journalists A-Arshiad and Dawa ( Guidance and call) commission has issued a Fatwa demanding the kidnappers of the French journalists be released immediately and not to be harmed.	0
Phelps Opens Big Michael Phelps led all the way in winning the 200-meter freestyle at the World Short Course Championships on opening night Thursday.	1
Chile May Compensate Pinochet Victims (AP) AP - President Ricardo Lagos on Sunday said he planned to compensate thousands of people who were imprisoned and tortured under the regime of Gen. Augusto Pinochet.	0
Key EU powers weigh bringing Iran nuclear issue to UN panel VALKENBURG, the Netherlands -- Major European powers were discussing yesterday whether to take Iran to the UN Security Council amid frustration at its failure to cooperate fully with UN efforts to make sure it is not secretly trying to develop atomic weapons.	0
Criminal charges anticipated in fatal traffic collision ADA, Okla. -- A hit-and-run driver allegedly involved in a traffic collision that killed an East Central University football player from Texas surrendered to authorities Monday and will face murder charges 	1
China flash floods leave 19 dead Landslides and flash floods triggered by torrential rain in south western China leave 19 people dead and 21 missing.	0
EVENT LISTING FOR NOV. 12 IN TAIWAN Taipei, Nov. 11 (CNA) The following are important events scheduled to take place Friday, Nov. 12: 09: 20, A seminar on Taiwan-Japan-India cooperation organized by the Taiwan Thinktank will open at the Westin Taipei.	0
Sharp Departs US PDA Market Sharp says it will withdraw its Linux-based PDA, the Zaurus SL6000, from the US market. Both Sony and Toshiba have already stopped selling their personal digital assistants in the United States.	3
Tigers die from bird flu A government official confirmed that 23 tigers have died from bird flu at a private zoo in Thailand. The animals had been fed the carcasses of chickens infected with the disease.	0
Airline Industry Seen Losing Up to \$4 Bln in 2004 The global airline industry stands to incur losses of between \$3 billion and \$4 billion this year as surging oil prices wipe out any hope of profit created by rising passenger traffic, the International Air Transport Association said 	2
Nokia to offer encryption tool Nokia plans to work with Swedish security company Pointsec Mobile Technologies to develop an encryption tool for high-end phones, the companies said Tuesday.	3
Australia begin quest to conquer  #39;final frontier #39; India and Australia go into Wednes-day #39;s first Test here without their first-choice teams amid growing concern about both the incle-ment weather and how the wicket will play.	1
International Olympiad in Informatics Step aside Michael Phelps; geeks with glasses can now sport a gold medal thanks to the annual International Olympiad in Informatics (IOI).	3
Study Eyes Salmonella, Typhoid, Monkeypox (AP) AP - Oregon researchers have started work on a new five-year,  #36;10.3 million biodefense contract to find the proteins associated with bacteria that cause salmonella poisoning and typhoid fever, and the virus that causes monkeypox.	3
Japan to Ask U.S. to Remove Some Okinawa Bases -Paper  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan plans to ask the United States to  move some U.S. marine bases from its southernmost prefecture of  Okinawa to a location outside Japan, the daily Yomiuri Shimbun  said on Monday.	0
Four China Aviation Execs Surrender Passports To Police-2 SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--China Aviation Oil Singapore Corp. (C47.SG) Tuesday said four executives have surrendered their passports to Singapore police as the investigation into Singapore #39;s worst financial scandal continues.	2
Johansson #39;s progress sparks conflict of loyalty  quot;Come on, baby! quot; Jaslyn Hewitt #39;s support for Joachim Johansson, her Swedish boyfriend, was clear on Thursday night as he ended Andy Roddick #39;s reign as US Open champion in Arthur Ashe Stadium.	1
Md. Marine's Love of Outdoors and Adventure Remembered  For  relatives and friends of Kirk Bosselmann, few things the Marine Corps corporal did surprised them.	0
Paralympics scrap closing celebrations after crash The school bus, on its way to Athens from central Greece, collided with a truck. Thirty people were injured, 26 of them pupils in their.	0
Insurgents Hit Baghdad Hotel With Rockets Rockets struck a Baghdad hotel housing foreign contractors and journalists late Thursday, drawing return fire and underscoring the precarious security in the heart of the Iraqi capital.	0
Injured McNair Thinking of NFL Future (AP) AP - To be clear, Steve McNair never used the word retirement.	1
Britons Prefer Kerry to Bush for World Safety A large majority of Britons think a US election victory for John Kerry is the best outcome for global security, according to a poll in a Sunday newspaper.	0
Orange Unveils 3G Phones in Long-Delayed Launch  LONDON/PARIS (Reuters) - Orange unveiled its  third-generation (3G) mobile phones in a long-delayed  commercial launch, with seven new handset models aimed at its  key French market and at least four at Britain in time for  Christmas.	3
Mac OS X Tip of the Week: Make Column View a Permanent Thing In love with column view? Find out how to make it a permanent thing at the Apple Pro/ site in the latest Mac OS X killer tip. Sep 29	3
DVD box sets find a place on gift lists (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Brian Stark knows exactly what he wants for Christmas. DVDs, lots of them. There's the extended edition of The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King. There's the new Martin Scorsese gift set, with one of his all-time favorite films, Goodfellas.	3
Ravens enraged by Porter #39;s  #39;cheap #39; hit The Baltimore Ravens won #39;t soon forget the hit Pittsburgh linebacker Joey Porter leveled on injured tight end Todd Heap during the second quarter of yesterday #39;s 30-13 rout of the Steelers.	1
Flight attendants union chief wants strike PITTSBURGH -- The president of the United States #39; largest flight attendants union urged authorization of a nationwide strike and criticized the airline industry for using the bankruptcy process to obliterate collective bargaining rights.	2
Mitchell-Alston feud brews as Toronto heads to Cleveland CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Vince Carter isn #39;t the only Raptor unhappy to be in Toronto right now. Guard Rafer Alston is starting to question his role on the team, even contemplating quitting the rest of the season 	1
Polar bears under threat from man-made chemicals The conservation agency World Wildlife Fund, or WWF, has warned that man-made chemicals pose a serious threat to polar bears. The WWF says three new scientific studies show 	3
Microsoft #39;s Piracy Replacement Offer: Trick Or Treat? Microsoft UK is offering FREE licensed copies of Windows XP to anyone who is willing to give up their counterfeit copies in exchange.	3
Illinois' Randle Out Up to 10 Weeks (AP) AP - Illinois forward Brian Randle is expected to miss six to 10 weeks with a broken hand, an injury caused when he punched a padded wall after becoming frustrated during a scrimmage.	1
Golf: Cink in command in winning NEC Invitational AKRON, Ohio - Six days after US captain Hal Sutton added him to the Ryder Cup team, Steward Cink completed the best performance of his career by turning the final round of the NEC Invitational into a showcase of poise and putting.	1
Indians Squirrel Away 4-3 Win Over Yanks (AP) AP - Coco Crisp caused more commotion than a runaway squirrel, diving headfirst for a go-ahead bunt single in the eighth inning that sent Cleveland over the New York Yankees 4-3 Wednesday night, ending the Indians' nine-game losing streak.	1
Wakefield Starts Game 1 for Red Sox Tim Wakefield Will Start Game 1 of World Series for Boston Against St. Louis on Saturday Night. Boston Red Sox manager Terry Francona faces reporters during a news conference at Fenway Park, in Boston, Thursday, Oct. 21, 2004.	1
RadioShack to run Sam #39;s Club kiosks CHICAGO (CBS.MW) -- RadioShack Corp. said Monday that it is selling mobile phones at more than 500 Sam #39;s Club locations to drum up sales and stretch its lead in wireless retailing.	2
Bush Wants Line-Item Veto to Be Revived (AP) AP - Six years after the Supreme Court took away the president's ability to veto specific parts of legislation, President Bush is asking Congress to bring back the line-item veto to let him make precision strikes against projects and tax provisions he doesn't like.	0
Abbas visits Damascus today to end tension, meets with Palestinian &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Palestinian delegation headed by the chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization PLO Mahmoud Abbas is to start a visit to Syria today.	0
SunTrust Fires 3 Finance Execs (Reuters) Reuters - SunTrust Banks Inc., a large U.S.\southeast regional bank, on Wednesday said it fired three\finance executives, including its chief credit officer, after\uncovering problems in how it accounted for bad loans.	2
Opinion: Microsoft  amp; Novell vs. Linux Yeah, you can say that Microsoft has their flaws, and commission companies produce white papers trying to prove that point, but at what point will consumers (in this issue, mainly IT professionals) begin understanding that the cost of employing a Unix 	3
McDonald takes one-shot lead over Els in Dunhill Championship Bruce McDonald of Zimbabwe shot a 6-under 66 Thursday to take a one-shot lead over South Africa #39;s Ernie Els at the PGA European Tour #39;s season-opening Dunhill Championship.	1
AL Capsules The Boston Red Sox clinched their second straight trip to the playoffs, rallying past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 7-3 Monday night behind Manny Ramirez #39;s AL-leading 43rd home run.	1
No. 13 Maryland Tops No. 25 Memphis 84-61 (AP) AP - John Gilchrist had 16 points, 10 rebounds and led a scrappy defense that helped No. 13 Maryland run past No. 25 Memphis 84-61 on Friday night.	1
Lack of Courtesy From ADs Miffs Osborne (AP) AP - Tom Osborne has been out of college football for seven years, and now he can't even get a phone call returned.	1
9/11 Kin Vouch for Bush, Kerry in TV Ads (AP) AP - Relatives of people who lost loved ones in the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks vouch for President Bush or Democrat John Kerry in new TV ads that try to persuade voters that just one of the two would best lead the country in a time or terrorism.	0
Holiday Sky Show: Five Planets to Shine in Predawn For the next few weeks sky-watchers can spot Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn in the same nighttime sky. The planets won't be visible together to the naked eye again until 2016.	3
Branson reaches for the stars Sir Richard Branson announces that he has signed an agreement to develop the world #39;s first privately funded space travel. Photograph: Fiona Hanson/PA.	3
Four Immigrants Die Trying to Reach Spanish Shore  MADRID (Reuters) - Four sub-Saharan Africans trying to  immigrate illegally drowned 20 feet from shore Saturday at the  same Spanish beach where 33 would-be immigrants died last week,  state radio said.	0
White Sox Down Fading Indians 14-9 (AP) AP - Carl Everett homered and drove in four runs, leading the Chicago White Sox to a 14-9 victory over the fading Cleveland Indians on Thursday night.	1
Court rules against Lexmark A federal appeals court yesterday lifted a ban that prevented a North Carolina company from selling chips that allowed Lexmark International competitors to refill toner cartridges for some of the Lexington manufacturer #39;s printers.	3
Holtz Introduced As East Carolina Coach (AP) AP - East Carolina introduced former South Carolina assistant Skip Holtz as its head football coach on Friday, welcoming him as the man to lead the program "into a new era."	1
Chalone to sell, pending other bids Chalone Wine Group has completed an unusual agreement to sell to France #39;s Domaines Barons de Rothschild in a deal valued at \$160 million, while retaining the right to shop itself to other bidders.	2
Nintendo Ups DS Shipments Nintendo has revealed the companies plans to increase by 40 the number of Nintendo DS portable gaming systems shipping in the US before the end of the year.	3
Update 1: Cendant to Buy Orbitz for \$1.25B in Cash Hotel franchisor Cendant Corp. agreed to buy online travel company Orbitz Inc. for about \$1.25 billion. The \$27.50 a share cash offer, which has been approved by boards of both companies but still needs regulatory 	2
Brazil hit Haiti for six in Peace Match PORT-AU-PRINCE, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Ronaldinho scored a hat-trick as world champions Brazil cantered to a 6-0 win over Haiti in a friendly dubbed the Peace Match on Wednesday. 	1
Forest turn Clough #39;s wake into pageant They came in their thousands, many in replicas of that tatty, old green sweatshirt, to mourn the passing of the man who, for 18 years, made the name Nottingham Forest synonymous with success.	1
China to Keep to Stable Yuan Policy-Paper  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China will maintain a stable monetary  and yuan policy as it tries to keep inflation in check, state  media cited a central banker as saying, amid resurgent  speculation Beijing may tinker with the rigidly held currency.	2
Hurricane Ivan Continues To Churn Towards The Caribbean MIAMI, FL, Tues. Sept. 7: Dangerous Hurricane Ivan maintained its intensity at 11 pm last night churning just about 210 miles... A hurricane warning remained in effect for Barbados last night along with St.	0
Palestinians Say the Future Rests on Vote, Israeli Action Palestinians must act quickly to hold elections for a leader to replace Yasser Arafat if they are to peacefully transform their political system after more than 	0
US Army to withhold portion of Halliburton payments The billing dispute between the US Army and Houston-based Halliburton Co. continues as the Army on Tuesday said it would withhold paying 15 percent of future invoices from Halliburton. 	2
Miller wins giant slalom BODE Miller won his fifth victory of the World Cup season in a giant slalom here today after the three men ahead of him all faltered.	1
Reds #39; Baros fears confirmed Liverpool have received confirmation that striker Milan Baros will be out of action for at least three weeks with a hamstring injury.	1
Enterprise Search Vendors Eye Emerging Markets (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - FAST launches an application to help directory publishers compete in local search, while Copernic dives into the desktop-search arena.	3
Hanson completes 50m quinella OLYMPIC silver medallist Brooke Hanson led an Australian quinella in the 50 metres breaststroke final at the world shortcourse win titles at Indianapolis today.	1
NASA To Try for Scramjet Speed Record An innovative engine that compresses air by its shape alone to reach hypersonic speeds will attempt to break its own record next week with a test flight over the Pacific Ocean.	3
Drivers 'carry on using mobiles' Numbers of people using hand-held mobile phones is believed to be rising again in spite of tough new legislation.	3
Hollinger Inc. note holders OK refinancing Hollinger Inc., one of the key companies in Conrad Black #39;s troubled business empire, has received approval to issue another \$15 million (US) in notes to raise cash for its day-to-day operations.	2
End Headscarf Ban, Iraq Hostage Takers Warn France  DUBAI (Reuters) - An Iraqi militant group has kidnapped two  Frenchmen and given the French government 48 hours to end a ban  on Muslim headscarves, Arabic television station Al Jazeera  said Saturday.	0
British police arrest suspect in Cisco code theft A man suspected of stealing source code from Cisco Systems has been arrested in the U.K.	3
Bank of America to cut 4,500 jobs beginning this month CHARLOTTE, NC - Bank of America said Thursday it will cut about 4,500 jobs beginning this month as a result of its merger with FleetBoston Financial Corp.	2
Iraqi president warns a 'Hitler' could emerge LONDON -- Iraq's interim President Ghazi al-Yawer warned in an interview published yesterday that long-term instability and violence in his country could create the conditions for an ''Iraqi Hitler quot; to emerge.	0
US Airways Pilots May Be Near Pay Pact  NEW YORK (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc.'s pilots union  said on Wednesday it may agree this week on a plan to cut wages  and benefits to help the seventh-biggest U.S. airline avoid a  second bankruptcy filing.	2
Javon Walker Has Arrived for Packers Green Bay Packers receiver Javon Walker pulls Indianapolis Colts defender Idrees Bashir into the end zone as he scores in the first quarter in Indianapolis, Sunday, Sept.	1
FCC Takes on Oversight of Internet Phone Services The Federal Communications Commission seized regulatory control over Internet-based telephone services on Tuesday by issuing an order that sharply limited the role of state regulators.	2
Delphi: SEC probing EDS transactions LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) - The US Securities and Exchange Commission is probing transactions between Delphi Corp and EDS, which supplies the automotive parts and components giant with technology services, Delphi said late Wednesday.	2
Leaders join Arafat funeral procession Hundreds of Arab and Muslim leaders and officials participated Friday in the funeral procession of the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in Cairo.	0
Stocks Up Sharply on Strong Economic Data NEW YORK - Newly optimistic investors sent stocks sharply higher Friday, propelling the Dow Jones industrials 112 points higher, as new economic data showed strength in manufacturing and the departure of PeopleSoft Inc.'s chief executive raised hopes for a merger in the tech sector. The major indexes closed the week with respectable gains...	0
GM, Ford Cut Production; U.S. Sales Fall  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; and Ford  Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; posted weaker U.S. sales for August on  Wednesday and both cut planned fourth-quarter production as  their aging vehicle lineups lost ground to rival Chrysler and  some foreign brands.	2
Rose Bowl wants to avoid UM-Wisconsin matchup Yes, the Michigan and Wisconsin football teams could potentially decide Big Ten bragging rights in the Rose Bowl. That was the advice Thursday from Dave Davis, 2005 Tournament of Roses president.	1
Wall Street Not Buying Retail's Optimism  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Top U.S. retailers reported  double-digit profit gains in the third quarter, with industry  titan Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt; leading the pack and  brightening its outlook for the key holiday season underpinned  by the recent drop in oil prices.	2
Halliburton Posts Loss on Asbestos Charge  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt; , the world's  No. 2 oil field services company, on Tuesday posted a  third-quarter net loss as it took \$230 million in charges to  fund its asbestos liability.	2
Presidential Debate Excerpts (AP) AP - Excerpts from Friday's presidential debate at Washington University in St. Louis:	0
Arafat Medical Test Finds No Major Ailment-Minister (Reuters) Reuters - Yasser Arafat underwent a\minor diagnostic procedure on Monday and doctors found no major\ailment after a week of concerns over the Palestinian\president's health, a cabinet minister said.	0
The State of Mac Browsing: An Embarrassment of Riches Up to now, I #39;ve chosen my browser based mostly on which one shows up on my desktop by default. Since Apple #39;s Safari is preloaded in the Mac OS X Dock, that #39;s what I #39;ve been using.	3
Bloggers Still Tracking Votes in Wash. (AP) AP - Washington's super-close governor's race may be hell on the candidates, but it's a special sort of heaven for political bloggers.	3
Canada renews plan to decriminalise pot possession The Canadian government has signalled its intention to re-introduce legislation to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana.	2
Microsoft Releases New 'Critical' Patches Microsoft Corp. today released an unprecedented number of software security updates to plug flaws in its products, including seven "critical" defects that it said hackers could use to hijack vulnerable computers. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	3
Hooking up to Net calls VoIP is the belle of the telecom ball. Jotting her onto their dance cards are such well-dressed suitors as America Online and AT #38;T	3
Mozilla Previews Thunderbird E-Mail App The Mozilla Foundation has unveiled the most complete preview version yet of its stand-alone e-mail application. The release comes only weeks after the launch of its Firefox browser version 1.0, and is part 	3
This Genome Is Fowl Researchers have sequenced the genome of the chicken, and they hope it will increase understanding of embryonic development and help farmers breed disease-resistant birds. By Kristen Philipkoski.	3
N. Korea killing forests, waterways, UN finds SEOUL, South Korea - North Koreas forests are depleted, its rivers and streams are filled with runoff from factories and a reliance on coal energy has created severe urban air pollution, the United Nations said Friday in its first report on the 	3
Halliburton says profit in Iraq is weak HOUSTON Halliburton, the oil services company once run by Dick Cheney, the US vice president, reported on Tuesday a quarterly loss and only meager pickings from its vast operations in Iraq.	2
Aziz calls for resolution of Kashmir issue ISLAMABAD: Pakistan #39;s prime minister-designate said he wants the dispute over Kashmir to be resolved according to the wishes of people living in the region.	0
Holiday travel may exceed record If so, leave early. Travel experts predict traffic congestion, poor weather and possible job actions by Pennsylvania Turnpike toll takers and US Airways workers at Philadelphia International 	2
Earthquake Rocks Indonesia's Bali, One Dead (Reuters) Reuters - A powerful earthquake rocked\Indonesia's premier tourist island of Bali Wednesday, killing\one person, injuring at least two and triggering some panic,\officials said.	3
Blue-Chip Stocks, Bond Prices, Oil Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips ended lower on Monday  as stock investors shrugged off lower oil prices to focus  instead on a disappointing sales forecast from Wal-Mart Stores,  but the cheaper crude sent bond and gold prices lower.	2
Dad ID's Kidnapped Daughter in Colombia (AP) AP - Daniela Vanegas, a bright-eyed girl with thick, dark tresses, was kidnapped almost a year ago as she boarded her school bus in Bogota.	0
'San Andreas' Hijacks Gaming Awards (AP) AP - It's bound to be an unusual awards show when Snoop Dogg shows up to argue with a computerized version of himself, sexy women in lingerie seductively coo secret video game codes to viewers and bubbly model Brooke Burke beats out stately Dame Judi Dench for best actress.	3
Last call for Jack Daniel #39;s? Brown-Forman #39;s whiskey sales are strong but Wall Street sees cracks in the company #39;s china sales. By Parija Bhatnagar, CNN/Money staff writer.	2
End of the line for HP's Alpha The last processor of the chip family is due Monday, signaling the end of a dynasty that never was.	3
Cingular Closes \$41 Bln ATT Wireless Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cingular Wireless on Tuesday closed  its \$41 billion cash purchase of AT T Wireless Services Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AWE.N&lt;/A&gt;, creating the biggest U.S. mobile telecom service with  more than 46 million customers.	2
NYSE Traders Go Wireless to Fight Computer Rivals  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Stock Exchange traders  shouting buy and sell orders -- the faces of capitalism in  action -- have been fighting off extinction as the rise of  computer market-making systems have marginalized their role.	3
BoE report suggests rates on hold Interest rates may have peaked, the Bank of England has signalled as it warned that house prices could fall further in the coming months.	2
Palace balcony protester removed A Fathers 4 Justice protester dressed as Batman is removed after scaling Buckingham Palace.	0
Gas Prices Drop As Crude Oil Supply Rises An increase in the worldwide supply of crude oil contributed to a dip in U.S. prices at the gas pump over the last two weeks, an industry analyst said Sunday.	2
IBM to expand on-demand data centers IBM plans to expand the number of on-demand data centers it has from one to 11 by the end of the year. Users at the AFCOM data center conference in Atlanta had mixed views on the prospect of adopting an outsourcing model or pay-as-you-go pricing.	3
Tellier clashed with owners The abrupt ousting of Bombardier Inc. chief executive Paul Tellier yesterday was the culmination of 23 months of growing differences and frustration between him and the controlling shareholder, the Bombardier family, industry sources say.	2
Approval process has not found all potential problems Vioxx was already a big success as an arthritis pain reliever, but Merck  amp; Co. thought it could be an even bigger seller. The drug seemed to have some cancer-prevention qualities 	2
Sun Drops the Gloves Sun Microsystems (Nasdaq: SUNW) shareholders have one less headache to medicate thanks to management #39;s wise decision to settle its patent infringement litigation with crusty old Eastman Kodak (NYSE: EK).	2
Oil Heads Toward  #36;49.40 Record (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices pushed above  #36;49 a barrel\on Monday, approaching record levels as worries about the\stability of supplies from Iraq, Nigeria and Russia compounded\concerns over low fuel stocks ahead of winter.	2
Time Warner Prepares for Settlement with \$500M Reserve AccountingWEB.com - November 05, 2004 - A government investigation into accounting practices at America Online has prompted Time Warner to set aside \$500 million to cover the costs of potential fines.	2
Economy Grows at 3.3 Percent Rate in 2Q (AP) AP - The U.S. economy grew at an annual rate of 3.3 percent in the spring, the government reported Wednesday. That was significantly better than a previous estimate but still the weakest showing in more than a year.	2
Calif. Regulators Weigh Smog Restrictions (AP) AP - California air regulators on Thursday took up the world's most ambitious rules to reduce car emissions that contribute to global warming  #151; an effort that could have a sweeping effect on how the country fights vehicle pollution.	3
Hopes Fading for Fourth Round of Talks on Pyongyang #39;s Nuclear &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Hopes are fading that Pyongyang will attend a fourth round of talks on ending its nuclear weapons programs, following revelations about South Korean nuclear tests.	0
Bonds Wins MVP Award Despite Tainted Season  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - San Francisco Giants slugger  Barry Bonds captured a record seventh MVP award on Monday,  providing a sparkling finish to a season tainted by doping  allegations.	1
Hockey players reject NHL counteroffer BEIJING, Dec. 15 -- The National Hockey League has slipped closer towards losing - for the first time - a season to a labor dispute.	1
Wild Oats, Pathmark Warn on Results (Reuters) Reuters - Natural and organic foods retailer\Wild Oats Markets Inc.  and Pathmark Stores Inc.\ both warned on Monday that their full-year results\would miss Wall Street forecasts because profit margins were\being squeezed by aggressive price cuts.	2
Lazard in vital float meeting THE board of investment bank Lazard meets today to consider a float on Wall Street that could value the firm at 1.7bn, according to reports.	2
EMC holds its breath With just six business days remaining in the current calendar quarter, it's easy to spot the investors holding lots of technology stocks. They're the ones holding their breath.	2
Bhopal activists accuse Indian govt of failing to bring main accused to book (AFP) AFP - Activists fighting for victims of the world's worst industrial accident in 1984 have accused the Indian government of dragging its feet on the extradition of the main accused in the case, US industrialist Warren Anderson.	0
Israel launches air raid on Gaza An Israeli helicopter fires missiles into Gaza City as the army steps up operations against Palestinian militants.	0
1,400 dead or missing in Philippine storms Stranded passengers from the devastated towns of Real and Infanta rush to board an outrigger boat December 6. Food and water shortage forced residents to flee to other province and Manila as roads to Real and other towns destroyed by flash floods and 	0
Boingo, Vonage Join on Wireless VoIP Boingo Wireless and Vonage are teaming to provide voice over Wi-Fi service as a complement to traditional VoIP. Initially, the companies will collaborate on a service bundle that combines Vonage #39;s 	3
Researchers Find New Species of Bird (AP) AP - Filipino and British wildlife researchers say they've stumbled upon what appears to be a new species of flightless bird found only on the tiny forested island of Calayan in the northern Philippines.	3
The Incredible Shrinking Investment Bank Once Wall Street stalwarts, the future of Merrill Lynch and Morgan Stanley are now being questioned - a sign of the broad changes in the financial landscape in recent years.	2
Justice Dept. Cracks Down Internet Crime WASHINGTON Aug. 25, 2004 - Federal agents seized computers and software Wednesday as part of an investigation targeting an Internet network used to illegally share copyrighted music, movies, software and games, Attorney General John Ashcroft said.	3
Iraq ; Margaret Hassan calla upon Britain to quit Iraq Iraq News, DUBAI - Iraqi-British hostage Margaret Hassan has again urged Britain to withdraw its troops from Iraq and also to free Iraqi women prisoners, Al Jazeera television reports.	0
Bribery Considered, Halliburton Notes Suggest  An internal Halliburton Co. investigation has uncovered handwritten notes suggesting that former employees considered offering bribes to Nigerian officials a decade ago to secure work in a \$5 billion project to build a natural gas liquefaction plant.	2
Dispute May Scuttle Space Tourism Bill (AP) AP - Legislation to regulate the infant space tourism industry  #151; invigorated by the successful flights of a privately financed manned rocket  #151; has been stalled by disagreements over how much protection to offer potential space travelers.	0
Karzai Rival Refuses to Concede Election Afghan presidential candidate Yunus Qanooni adjusts his glasses during an interview in Kabul on Sunday, Oct.17. 2004. Hamid Karzai #39;s closest rival in Afghanistan #39;s landmark election refused to concede defeat 	0
Pollution May Be Reducing Calif. Rainfall (AP) AP - Urban air pollution may be reducing rainfall in the Central Valley and along the heavily populated southern California coast, while trimming mountain snowfall that supplies much of the state's drinking and irrigation water and hydroelectric power, a Stanford University professor's study released Thursday shows.	3
THEY CUT ME OUT Hollywood dealmaker Michael Ovitz spun his own drama of his ouster from Walt Disney - he was knifed in the back, carved  quot;out like a cancer quot; and pushed from a headquarters window.	2
Netflix, TiVo Partner To Offer Online Films (TechWeb) TechWeb - Netflix, TiVo team up to work with Hollywood studios to develop technology for the delivery of video programming over the Internet.	3
Harvard claims spot in 1-AA poll Harvard makes its first appearance in this season's Sports Network Division 1-AA football poll at No. 22 following an impressive 41-14 victory over Northeastern Saturday.	1
Scientists discover planets in our galactic back yard Until recently, they were able only to detect the presence of planets equivalent in size to our own neighboring gas giant Jupiter.	3
Open source moves to network management A California-based start-up says the open-source business model makes sense for network monitoring, a services-intensive area.	3
Soros winding down after good innings George Soros was handing greater control of his \$12.8 billion (R82.7 billion) money management firm over to his sons and spinning off his property, credit and buyout units, said a memo sent yesterday to investors and staff.	2
Oracle moves to quarterly security patch cycle Software maker Oracle will soon start issuing security patches quarterly. This new patch schedule comes only months after the company said it would issue such security updates every month.	3
Girl who carries Britain #39;s hopes for Games On a normal school day, Amber Charles carries her books, a bag, perhaps a spot of lunch. Today she carries the hopes of the nation.	1
China takes aim at corruption BEIJING -- Chinese authorities have arrested or reprimanded more than 750 officials in recent months in connection with billions of dollars in financial irregularities ranging from unpaid taxes to embezzlement, according to a report made public yesterday.	0
Jennings named as caretaker coach: South Africas Eric Simons &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JOHANNESBURG: South African cricket coach Eric Simons was axed from his job Friday after a string of dismal performances which saw the country slip from second to sixth and eighth in world Test and one-day rankings.	1
Bayer to Pay Fine for Rubber Price Fixing  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Germany's Bayer AG &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BAYG.DE target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BAYG.DE&lt;/A&gt; has  agreed to plead guilty and pay a \$4.7 million fine for taking  part in a conspiracy to fix the prices of synthetic rubber, the  U.S. Justice Department said on Wednesday.	2
Searching for a Perfect PC? An Answer for Everybody The home computer has morphed into an all-purpose entertainment hub. When buying a computer this holiday season, here are some important factors to consider.	3
African Union Ready to Send GIs to Darfur (AP) AP - A top African Union official said Wednesday the 53-nation group is ready to move thousands of troops to Sudan's western region of Darfur within days if it gets logistical support from Western nations and the United Nations "especially."	0
OAS Reproaches U.S., EU Over Colombia The Organization of American States has reproached the United States and the European Union for refusing to participate in Colombia's peace process with right-wing paramilitary groups despite what it called impressive progress.	0
Stock lawsuit possible in telecom merger plan (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Former MediaOne Group executives are exploring a class-action lawsuit over Cingular's insistence that AT amp;T Wireless stock options, issued by the millions to employees and former employees of MediaOne, AT amp;T and AT amp;T Wireless, be exercised as soon as the merger closes, people involved in the effort say.	3
Report: Thieves Prefer Escalade, Maxima US car thieves looking for newer models prefer the Cadillac Escalade EXT, a luxury pickup, and the Nissan Maxima, a midsize sedan.	2
U.S. Might Reconsider Sanctions on Indian Scientists  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Bush administration might  reconsider sanctions imposed on two Indian scientists for  alleged nuclear cooperation with Iran if New Delhi offers  "significant and convincing" proof they were not involved, a  senior U.S. official said on Thursday.	0
Lycos, spammers trade blows over screen saver Just days after releasing a free screen saver program that uses computer downtime to swamp Web sites associated with spam, Lycos Europe has found itself caught in a fight with spammers.	3
Beckham #39;s back as Real thrash Albacete Real Madrid #39;s David Beckham played his first game in six weeks, after recovering from his two broken ribs, as the Spanish giants romped to a 6-1 win over struggling Albacete.	1
Two rebel infiltrators killed, separatists detained in Kashmir (AFP) AFP - Indian troops shot dead two rebels who had infiltrated into Indian Kashmir from the Pakistan-controlled zone, while two separatists and nine other people were detained in the region, officials said.	0
Novell chooses streamlined Linux desktop When Novell #39;s Linux desktop arrives at the end of this year it will be stripped down to avoid integration problems and to keep it simple for users.	3
DreamWorks Animation IPO Could Raise \$725 Mln DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc., whose  quot;Shark Tale quot; film snagged the No. 1 US box office spot for the second straight weekend, on Tuesday 	2
For Epstein, actions speak just as loud as words His torment lasted only 30 years, much less than most Red Sox fans', but unlike most, Theo Epstein actually did something about it.	1
Police take up racism allegations at Blackburn Police are launching an investigation into allegations that Birmingham City striker Dwight Yorke was racially abused by Blackburn Rovers fans at Ewood Park on Sunday.	1
Google library meets bookstore Internet search engine Google #39;s new search options may make Amazon.com look old fashioned. The service Google Print will allow people to read sections of books to decide whether 	3
Correction: One-Day-Of-Prayer Story (AP) AP - In One Day of Prayer, sent in advance for use Oct. 24, The Associated Press misattributed a statement about policy toward the preaching of radical Islam at the London Central Mosque. The official quoted was the deputy director of the mosque, Sheik Anwar Madi, not the director, Ahmed Al-Dubian.	0
Study: Supercomputer clusters shortchange security com November 12, 2004, 8:58 AM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.	3
Solaris security suffers image problem A highly critical security hole has been reported in the X Pixmap (libXpm) technology shipped with Solaris and JDS for Linux, which could allow someone to run code on your system if a modified X Pixmmap (.xpm) image is loaded.	3
Enjoying a Visit To Boston (Un)Common My father-in-law, Irving  quot;Sheik quot; Karelis, was born in 1920 in New England, the very year the Red Sox sent Babe Ruth to the New York Yankees.	1
Ukraine opposition leader urges investigation after poison report (AFP) AFP - Ukraine's opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko said he was not yet ready to blame the ruling elite with trying to poison him after doctors confirmed he was disfigured by ingesting a massive dose of a deadly toxin.	0
Update 2: FedEx Earnings More Than Triple in Quarter The FedEx Corp., the huge package delivery courier, reported Thursday its second quarter earnings soared due to a strengthening economy and continued growth in overseas and ground shipping.	2
Professor declined to be expert witness for Sharman Sharman Networks #39; legal representative today revealed an e-mail stating that one of the witnesses for the Universal Music Australia parties had previously withdrawn an offer to be Sharman #39;s expert witness in the ongoing civil trial against the peer to 	3
Kan. to Move Forward on Dinosaur Exhibit (AP) AP - Concerns about funding and poor attendance will not stop plans to bring a dinosaur exhibit to Science City at Union Station, University of Kansas and Science City officials said.	3
Key New England games NORTHEASTERN (2-1) vs. WILLIAM  amp; MARY (2-1) When/where: Tomorrow, 1 p.m., Williamsburg, Va. Radio: WJIB (740 AM). Last season: NU won, 48-14. Comments: The Huskies crushed Towson last Saturday, 27-3. Senior FS Gavin Potter was named Atlantic 10 defensive player of the week for his 10-tackle, 2-interception, 1-sack game. Junior TB Anthony Riley had 117 rushing yards. William  amp; Mary ...	1
IRS Audits More of the Wealthy and Fewer Small Companies The Internal Revenue Service, in the midst of a crackdown on aggressive tax shelters, is auditing significantly more wealthy individuals and large companies, but is increasingly shying away from scrutinizing smaller businesses.	2
Kelly: Southwest CEO Slams  #39;Anticompetitive #39; Law About-face: Southwest Airlines (nyse: LUV - news - people ) Chief Executive Gary Kelly did a 180-degree turn Friday. The carrier #39;s policy toward a federal law limiting its service from Dallas had been, well, the absence of policy: Official neutrality.	2
Iraq denies prisoner release plan MARK COLVIN: Meanwhile, the Iraqi Interim Government has denied that it #39;s going to release a top woman germ warfare scientist, Rihab Taha, from jail.	0
Tracy claims Indy pole Champ Car World Champion Paul Tracy has shaken off a terrible practice session to qualify fastest for the Gold Coast Indy. Tracy hit a tire barrier towards the end of the opening 15-minute practice session, damaging his nosecone.	1
MPAA files first suits against movie file-swappers The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) announced on Tuesday that it has begun filing lawsuits against people who use peer-to-peer (P2P) software to trade movie files without permission over the internet.	3
Frustrated Cardinals Can't Hit in Series Loss to Sox (Reuters) Reuters - While the Boston Red Sox celebrated\the end of 86 years of frustration by winning the World Series\on Wednesday, the St. Louis Cardinals had to deal with some new\frustrations of their own.	1
Brazil Official Eyes Secret Military Files (AP) AP - A Brazilian government party official on Wednesday urged the opening of sealed records that could contain details of citizens tortured and killed by the former 21-year military dictatorship.	0
U.S.'s Snow Won't Discuss His Job Future (Reuters) Reuters - Treasury Secretary John Snow on\Friday said that any discussion about whether he continues in\his post or quits was a matter between himself and President\Bush.	2
sailors settle for bronze The British sailors Simon Hiscocks and Chris Draper have been forced to settle for bronze in the 49er class. The pair had been guaranteed a medal before the 16th race and started the day only two points behind 	1
Yukos sells gas stake YUKOS has sold a 56 per cent stake in a Siberian natural gas company to the Anglo-Russian joint venture TNK-BP to pay off its crushing tax bill, Western oil sources and media reports said today. 	2
Hurricane Jeanne pounds Florida Hurricane Jeanne reaches the US state of Florida, just hours after battering the Bahamas.	0
 #39;Marathon #39; mice engineered for extra endurance Researchers on Monday unveiled genetically engineered mice that can run farther and longer than their naturally bred brethren, bringing the  quot;genetic doping quot; of elite athletes a small step closer to reality.	3
Hyper Growth = Hot IPO InPhonic finally made its public debut amid insatiable investor demand for IPOs.	2
First flight test of new missile defense interceptor fails The Bush administration #39;s ambitious national missile defense program suffered a major setback on Wednesday when a malfunction forced a shutdown of the first test 	2
PeopleSoft board won't negotiate takeover with Oracle PeopleSoft Inc. won't discuss a sale to Oracle Corp. for a price of \$24 per share, the company's board of directors Saturday told Oracle Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Larry Ellison in a letter.	3
China Construction Spending Down in Oct. China #39;s spending on construction and factory equipment edged lower in October, but there was no sign of a major cutback despite efforts to curb lending for such investments.	2
SCHUMACHER MAKES ANOTHER MARK ON HISTORY Michael Schumacher hopes he will go down in history as the only Formula One driver to have claimed a pole position and race win on the same day.	1
Maradona 'can be treated abroad' Former football star Diego Maradona can return to Cuba for drug rehabilitation, his lawyer says.	0
Israel Wins First-Ever Olympic Gold ATHENS, Greece - A windsurfer whose first name means "wave" in Hebrew gave Israel its first Olympic gold medal ever Wednesday, taking a plunge in the Saronic Gulf to celebrate. Gal Fridman sailed a remarkably consistent regatta, never finishing worse than eighth in the 11-race series...	0
Price at Issue With PlayStation Portable (AP) AP - Sony Corp.'s PlayStation Portable, which goes on sale in Japan later this year and overseas next spring, boasts the superb image quality of its home-console counterpart.	3
Red Sox Cruise Into 2-0 Lead Over Angels  ANAHEIM, Calif. (Reuters) - Pedro Martinez pitched seven  innings and Manny Ramirez drove in the go-ahead run with a  sacrifice fly to power the Boston Red Sox to an 8-3 win over  the Anaheim Angels in the American League Divisional Series  (ALDS) Wednesday.	1
Google stockowner for a day: a memoir One week ago, I submitted a bid for Google Inc. stock that overestimated the eventual auction price of the computer search company #39;s initial public offering by nearly 30 percent. But I sold my shares shortly ...	2
UPDATE 1-Mexico #39;s Cemex shares tumble on RMC deal Shares of Mexico #39;s Cemex slumped on Monday after the world #39;s No. 3 cement maker agreed to buy Britain #39;s RMC Group in the largest ever acquisition by a Mexican firm.	2
Fall Season Looks Solid for Retailers, But Holidays Could Be Another Story Against a background of lackluster retail sales in June and July, analysts and merchants still predict a decent, possibly strong, fall selling season for clothes, accessories and home furnishings.	2
Australasia ; Pitcairn sex abuses, six convicted Australasia News, SYDNEY, Australia: Six men were convicted of a string of sex attacks on the remote Pacific island of Pitcairn, media there reported Monday, following trials that exposed a culture of sexual abuse on the island home of descendants of the 	0
Hurricanes looking for defensive improvement Pass pressure has been poor, tackling sloppy and the intensity of earlier this season absent. Players appear tentative, confused and surprisingly ordinary.	1
Hewitt, Federer to clash for Cup HOUSTON -- Roger Federer dangled, Andy Roddick got mangled, and the nerves of 6,510 devotees were tangled and jangled during a breezy, bleak afternoon as the four best tennis players of the universe jammed with each other to see who would remain standing for the Masters Cup final.	1
TruSecure, Betrusted Merge To Create Cybertrust In announcing the merger, the companies said Cybertrust would fold the specialties of each company -- risk management and compliance from TruSecure, identity management from Betrusted and intrusion detection and prevention from Ubizen.	3
Conoco buys stake in Russian oil firm : ConocoPhillips said on Wednesday it was seeking 20 per cent in Russias LUKOIL in a far-reaching alliance opening the way for the two oil majors to tap vast reserves in northern Russia and Iraq.	2
Waxman Seeks New Halliburton Inquiry  Citing newly disclosed State Department documents, Rep. Henry A. Waxman (D-Calif.) called yesterday for further congressional hearings on Halliburton Co.'s contracts in Kuwait and Iraq.	2
Yahoo! Joins Music Download Race Not to be outdone in the digital download race by the likes of Microsoft, Apple and Real Networks, Yahoo have firmly stated their intentions by acquiring Musicmatch.	3
U.S. Stretches Out S. Korea Troop Cut Until 2008  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States, under pressure  from South Korea, has agreed to stretch over an additional  three years until 2008 the withdrawal of 12,500 American  troops, U.S. officials said on Wednesday.	0
It could have been me A Territorian yesterday told how he watched in horror as two sharks savaged a man to death at a popular beach. Chris Niemoeller had been swimming near the same spot minutes earlier.	0
BCS still ranks as a failure FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. -- Two days before college football's biggest game of the season -- the BCS national championship Orange Bowl matchup between No. 1 Southern Cal and No. 2 Oklahoma -- college football itself is again on the precipice of chaos.	1
Milan cause Celtic late heartbreak Andriy Shevchenko had put Milan ahead after just eight minutes and they dominated the first half of the match. But Celtic had several fine chances in the second half before Stanislav Varga equalised with a powerful header on 74 minutes.	1
UAW, DaimlerChrysler subsidiary reach multi-plant labor agreement The United Auto Workers and an automotive supplier have reached an agreement that covers current hourly workers and possibly those at yet-to-open factories, the first multi-plant pact negotiated by the UAW in 20 years.	2
Congress Probes FDA in Vioxx Case Congress is looking into whether the Food and Drug Administration ignored safety concerns about the drug raised by its own reviewers and outside scientists.	2
U.S. Heads to Four Nations Cup Gold Round (AP) AP - Krissy Wendell had a hat trick in the United States' 6-3 victory over Sweden on Saturday that put the Americans into the gold medal game of the Four Nations Cup international women's hockey tournament.	1
Leading Indicators Dip Again in October (AP) AP - The Index of Leading Economic Indicators, a widely watched gauge of future economic activity, fell in October for the fifth straight month, suggesting that the economy may be slowing, a private research group reported Thursday.	2
Desktop Linux thinks small A new report sees growing opportunity for the open-source operating system to displace Windows in small offices.	3
Oil falls on new demand outlook OIL prices tumbled yesterday as the market took fright at signals that the cost of energy may be choking back the rate of growth in the economy.	2
Shrek Maker Dreamworks Charms Wall Street  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Star-struck Wall Street gave a  dazzling welcome to DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DWA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DWA.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday, sending shares of the animated film maker up more  than 35 percent in their market debut.	2
Cisco Gets New Partner, Clients, Product in the Core Cisco forged a partnership with Fujitsu wherein the Japanese company will market Cisco #39;s CRS-1 core router to carriers and large enterprises in Japan.	3
Henman crashes out to Novak Tim Henman was defeated in the quarter-finals of the Swiss Indoors in Basle last night by the Czech, Jiri Novak. The British No 1 must now pick up ranking points at the Paris Masters to ensure qualification 	1
China closes 1,600 Internet cafes in campaign to stamp out online &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; China has closed 1,600 Internet cafes and fined operators a total of 100 million yuan (US\$12 million) for letting children play violent games and for other violations, the government said Saturday.	3
Iran-UN Nuke Showdown Likely Iran is unlikely to accept European incentives aimed at getting it to suspend uranium enrichment, diplomats said Thursday, raising the likelihood of a showdown with the UN nuclear watchdog agency next month.	0
Hoeppner new coach at Indiana Hoeppner has been the coach at Miami (Ohio) since 1999 and was an assistant at the school for 13 years before that.  quot;We talked to some terrific coaches throughout our search, but 	1
NATO Struggles to Find Troops for Missions (AP) AP - NATO foreign ministers pledged Thursday to speed the expansion of alliance peacekeeping in Afghanistan and boost military training for Iraq, but failed to come up immediately with the troops for both operations.	0
US racing insurgents for influence in Fallujah as battle winds &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As fighting winds down, US troops face an even more difficult mission in Fallujah winning the people #39;s allegiance. Planners want to 	0
Russian terror dooms Jazz trip The Utah Jazz were really getting energized by the approach of their scheduled trip to Moscow to play CSKA, Andrei Kirilenko #39;s former team, in an NBA preseason opener on Oct. 8.  quot;This whole adventure of going 	1
Italy Rejoices As Hostages Released (AP) AP - A relieved Italy broke into celebration after two Italian aid workers kidnapped in Iraq three weeks ago were released Tuesday, arriving home hours later aboard a private jet.	0
Sudanese blood on UN hands No discussion of war in Iraq - Thursday night #39;s presidential debate included - would be complete without a headmaster #39;s scolding of the arrogant and trigger-happy US government.	0
Cowboys, Seahawks Look for Winning Edge (AP) AP - Who are the real Seattle Seahawks? The team that flattened opponents in the opening weeks of the season? Or the team that fell flat in last weekend's 38-9 loss to Buffalo? Coach Mike Holmgren can't say, but he knows it's time to get serious.	1
Faster frames for student animators Pay-as-you-go computer power could soon be helping computer animators finish films faster.	0
American Gatlin becomes world #39;s fastest man Justin Gatlin of the United States became the fastest man in the world after winning the men #39;s 100 meters dash at the 28th Olympic Games here on Sunday.	1
Netflix Girds for DVD Rental Price War (AP) AP - The future suddenly looks shaky for online DVD rental pioneer Netflix Inc.  #151; a plucky home entertainment upstart that managed to hold its ground after retailing giants Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Blockbuster Inc. invaded its turf.	3
Intel Shifts To Next-Gen Strained Silicon Intel Corp. will shift to a second-generation strained-silicon technique within its forthcoming 65-nanometer process technology, the company will announce on Monday.	2
Champing at the Bit The Bison have won four consecutive games, their longest winning streak since 1998, and are anxious to take on defending MEAC champion North Carolina A T on Saturday night.	1
After that trip, no going back TORONTO -- When the Bruins embarked on their annual February trip in 2000, prospects for a successful season were grim. They were racked with injuries, and the losing was weighing on everyone. Ray Bourque, who began playing in Boston in 1979, always thought he would finish his career in the black and gold, but he started rethinking that as the ...	1
NJ Transit riders warned to expect fare hikes in July NJ Transit #39;s executive director on Thursday said the agency #39;s 400,000 daily riders should expect fare hikes of up to 15 percent starting in July to offset a projected \$50 million 	2
Update 1: InPhonic Shares Advance in Trading Debut InPhonic Inc., an online retailer of wireless services and equipment, gained as much as 32 percent in its trading debut after the company boosted the size its of initial public offering and priced well above estimates.	2
U.S. Troops Urge Civilians to Leave Iraqi Rebel City  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. forces warned residents of  Falluja through loudspeakers and leaflets on Friday that they  would detain any man under 45 trying to enter or leave the  rebel-held Iraqi city.	0
The Real Consequences of Pension Projections The S.E.C. is examining whether corporations alter projections for health care costs, pension plan returns and other factors as a way of manipulating earnings.	2
Celtic beat Dunfermline 2-0 Celtic regained the top spot in the Scottish Premier League after a 2-0 victory away to Dunfermline. The result leaves Celtic top-of-the-table with 44 points from 18 games, a single point clear of arch-rivals Glasgow Rangers.	1
Smithfield Foods Reports Higher Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Smithfield Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SFD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SFD.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  largest U.S. hog and pork producer, on Tuesday reported  higher  fiscal second-quarter profit due to strong hog prices and the  acquisition last year of Farmland Foods.	2
AMD talks up hybrid flash memory design Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) plans to develop flash memory chips that blend the best characteristics of the two dominant flash memory architectures, the company announced.	3
Bomb Alert Prompts Greek Plane to Land in London (Reuters) Reuters - A bomb alert prompted a Greek Olympic\passenger airliner to make an emergency landing at London's\Stansted Airport on Sunday, an airport spokesman said.	0
Paper: Sirius Pricey Despite Howard Stern Shares of Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. (SIRI.O: Quote, Profile, Research) look pricey despite the company #39;s new five-year, \$500 million pact with shock jock Howard Stern to air his program 	2
.Mac Increases Email  amp; iDisk Storage .Mac, the popular suite of Internet software and services, now offers both new members and its more than half million existing members 250MB of combined online storage for .Mac mailboxes and iDisk folders, perfect for sharing photos, movies and documents with family, friends and coworkers. Sign up now for a free 60-day trial. Sep 29	3
Storage On A Chip Silicon Image #39;s new lower-cost storage appliance should be more palatable to small and midsize businesses. By Martin J. Garvey.	3
Microsoft to detail Media Center updates on Oct. 12 Microsoft Corp. plans to introduce several new consumer products on Oct. 12 at an event in Los Angeles. The announcements are expected to include an update to Windows XP Media Center Edition 2004 and the first devices using Media Center Extender technology.	3
Wenger to wait on Vieira for clash with ambitious United (AFP) AFP - Arsene Wenger said he will have to wait until Sunday before making a decision on whether to field his influential Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira in the Premiership clash against Manchester United.	0
Bryant Judge Chastises Prosecutors (AP) AP - On the eve of Kobe Bryant's rape trial, a frustrated judge chastised prosecutors Thursday for waiting until the last minute to challenge DNA evidence the defense says shows the accuser had sex with someone else hours after her encounter with the NBA star.	1
Mets Cut Ties With Hospital The Mets were one of the first professional sports franchises to enter a long-term, multimillion-dollar agreement with a hospital in which the hospital paid for the right to have its doctors treat members of the team.	1
Soccer: Real wanted England international Woodgate despite injury LONDON : England international defender Jonathan Woodgate, Real Madrid #39;s new recruit from Newcastle, will be out of action for a month but that did not deter the Spanish giants from signing him.	1
Powell: Worsening insurgency makes election difficult in Iraq US Secretary of State Colin Powell said Sunday that the escalating insurgency in Iraq could make the organizing of election in the country difficult, while atleast 16 people were killed in rebel attacks in Iraq.	0
Jitters before assault wearing on soldiers NEAR FALLUJAH, Iraq -- The hulks of the 69-ton M1A1 Abrams tanks were barely visible on the dark desert plain, but the rumble of their engines filled the night.	0
Memorial service honours Bali victims MARK COLVIN: Scores of Australian survivors and relatives of many of the 202 people killed when terrorist bombs ripped through nightclubs on Indonesia #39;s Bali island two years ago, have gathered at a new memorial site to remember the dead.	0
Revamped eMusic Targets Indie Market (AP) AP - Nearly a year since it was sold by Vivendi Universal to private investors, online retailer eMusic has undergone a facelift that includes a panel of music critics to help users comb its trove of independent music.	3
Kiev back to work in protest lull Ukrainian government workers resume duties as protesters lift blockades ahead of the presidential vote re-run.	0
Wambach #39;s boot boosts US into semifinals THESSALONIKI, Greece -- Abby Wambach will never score an easier goal. From 1 foot away, she tapped the ball into the net and put the United States into the Olympic semifinals. 	1
Investigators Find Preliminary Cause of Genesis Crash A design flaw in the reentry system of NASA #39;s Genesis space probe has been pinned as the most likely cause behind the spacecraft #39;s wild plunge into the Utah desert last month, investigators said Thursday.	3
for the Gilt-Edged Gadget Groover Each January, the world #39;s gizmo freaks, gadget heads, and general arbiters of cool descend on Las Vegas for CES -- the Consumer Electronics Show -- a four-day look at what electronics makers worldwide are planning to wow consumers with and thus fatten 	3
Cassini To Probe Saturn Moon #39;s Secrets The study of Titan, Saturn #39;s largest moon, will be one of the Cassini spacecraft #39;s central goals. The probe will execute 45 close flybys during its four-year mission, with the first Tuesday morning.	3
Hosoda says veracity of Jenkins interview needs to be checked TOKYO - Japan #39;s top spokesman withheld comment Thursday on remarks accused US Army deserter Charles Jenkins made in an interview with a Hong Kong-based weekly, which hit stands the same day, about his life in North Korea.	0
Bedraggled Klein heads into sunset term as slayer of Alberta's debt dragon (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - Ralph Klein rides into the sunset of his political career as the white knight who slew Alberta's debt dragon, but his armour has taken a pounding of late.	0
Don #39;t Expect Privacy on the Web Opinion: Whether they realize it or not, many people leave sensitive information out in plain view on Web sites. But sooner or later, a Google search will dig it up.	3
Dali centenary show full of fakes \Hundreds of Dali paintings seized from an exhibition in Finland are forged, Helsinki Police confirm.	0
UPDATE 2-Barrichello fires up the fans in Brazil Ferrari #39;s Rubens Barrichello fired up his passionate home crowd on Friday with the fastest lap in practice for Sunday #39;s season-ending Brazilian Grand Prix.	1
Learn to locate all of those missing Apple iTunes files Q:I HAVE SOME SONGS that play fine with the iTunes program, but when I look for the song files on my hard drive, I can #39;t find them.	3
Bin Laden driver arraigned in first Guantanamo hearing Osama bin Laden #39;s chauffeur was arraigned Tuesday at the first US military tribunal since World War II, appearing at a pretrial session as defense lawyers sought to challenge the process.	0
XM Radio Shares Jump on Online Service Shares of XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. jumped to a new 52-week high Thursday, a day after the company said it would begin broadcasting its commercial-free radio stations to subscribers over the Internet.	2
Will September Be Good for Stocks? NEW YORK - Wall Street professionals know to keep their expectations in check in September, historically the worst month of the year for stocks. As summertime draws to a close, money managers are getting back to business, cleaning house, and often sending the market lower in the process...	0
Fighting Irish No More Where is the Humane Society when you need it? Where are those organizations against cruelty to dumb animals - or in this case, drunk Irishmen?	1
Federer and Henin-Hardenne Get the Top Spots for U.S. Open Roger Federer will open against Albert Costa, and Justine Henin-Hardenne will play a qualifier when the tournament begins Monday.	1
Hitting History: Seattle outfielder singles in first two at-bats &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; What once looked like a forgettable season-ending weekend at Safeco Field came alive Friday night. Ichiro Suzuki became major league baseball #39;s single-season 	1
Computer Associates to Cut Jobs by 5 Pct. (Reuters) Reuters - Software maker Computer Associates\ on Wednesday said it would cut 800 jobs, or 5 percent of\its work force, to pare costs amid stiff competition in\software and services.	3
Swing States Show 2,800 Net Job Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Five key states in the U.S.\presidential election lost 37,800 jobs in September, offsetting\the gains posted by other states considered critical in the\election now 11 days away.	2
More Medical Devices Needed for Babies WASHINGTON - Frustrated doctors say they too often find themselves jury-rigging adult medical devices to fit children's tiny bodies and special needs. Now pediatric experts have begun a major push to fill the gap...	0
Bogus E-Mail Worries Cell Phone Users The e-mails, often forwarded by friends, vary in wording, but the underlying message is always ominous: Soon, all cell phone numbers will be made public to telemarketing firms.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	3
Aussie teacher quits after web threats AN AUSSIE teacher has quit after 35 years after his students threatened him on a web page. Greg Frawley was one of about 10 teachers threatened on the page set up by students at Hurlstone Agricultural High School.	3
MS rapped over anti-Linux ads Microsoft has been rapped over the knuckles over an anti-Lunix advertising campaign. The Advertising Standards Association in the UK has ruled that the ad makes  quot;misleading quot; claims, and has told the company change the copy on the advertisement forthwith.	3
Britain's Rusedski ousts Malisse at ATP event (AFP) AFP - Britain's Greg Rusedski eliminated Belgium's fourth-seeded Xavier Malisse 7-5, 4-6, 6-1 here on the opening day of the 380,000-dollar ATP International Championships.	0
Losing start for Charlotte The NBA returned to Charlotte after a two-year absence, but the Bobcats could not start in style, losing 103-96 to the Washington Wizards.	1
Firefox browser outshines Explorer Q: In a recent column you said that 95 percent of all viruses and spyware are aimed at Internet Explorer, so I decided to do away with IE.	3
Israel Kills 14 in Gaza Before Key Withdrawal Vote  GAZA (Reuters) - The Israeli army killed 14 Palestinians in  a raid on a Gaza refugee camp Monday as Prime Minister Ariel  Sharon prepared for a critical parliamentary vote on his plan  to withdraw from the occupied territory.	0
Rebels Set Off Land mine in Indian Kashmir; 11 Dead Separatist militants set off a powerful land mine in Indian Kashmir killing eleven people, including nine soldiers in one of the biggest guerrilla attacks in weeks, police said on Sunday.	0
Tennis: Safin wins Madrid Masters Marat Safin wins the Madrid Masters to edge ahead of Tim Henman in the race for the Masters Cup.	0
UBS Net Slips on Weak Trading Income Swiss banking giant UBS posted weaker third-quarter net profit on Tuesday, just missing market expectations, hurt by a seasonal fall in trading revenue despite a strong showing by its flagship private bank.	2
Ex-Macy #39;s Executive to Lead JC Penney JC Penney said yesterday that Allen I. Questrom, the chief executive who has restyled the once-beleaguered chain into a sleeker and more profitable entity, would be succeeded by Myron E. Ullman III, another longtime retail executive.	2
Other Iraq developments Suicide attack misfires: Two suicide bombers tried to ram their cars into a National Guard base in Kharma, about 40 miles west of Baghdad, on Sunday.	0
Fury at cloning scientist #39;s use of DNA from the dead A MAVERICK cloning scientist came under severe criticism yesterday as he denied exploiting bereaved couples by using DNA from their dead children in his experiments.	3
Oil  Drops, Markets Climb The Dow Jones industrials shot up more than 160 points Wednesday, enjoying one of its best days of the year as crude prices plummeted on a weekly government report on oil inventories.	2
Yahoo Adding New Search Engine Tools SUNNYVALE, Calif. - Following a recent industry trend, Internet giant Yahoo Inc. is adding new search engine tools that will enable users to create personal folders and share their favorite links with others.	2
PC security under fire A vulnerability in AOL's instant messenger could allow attacks. Also: A new Bagle variant rumbles across the Net.	3
Violent, sexual video game tests child #39;s sense of reality  quot;Hang on, I #39;m going to pick up a prostitute, quot; my boyfriend told me during a weekend trip to Pennsylvania. Steve pulled up to the curb as a girl in hot pants strutted past.	3
Microsoft Opens Up Is Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) opening up? The tech giant said today that it plans to reveal the source code for its Office 2003 product (a suite that includes such well-known applications as Outlook, Excel, and Word) to government clients.	3
Virgin Group Enters US Online-Music Market The online digital-music business became a little more crowded as Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group launched a music Web site in the US The Virgin Digital service sells songs for 99 cents each 	3
Dollar little moved against euro as US reiterates belief in  #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK (AFP) - The US dollar was little changed against the euro on Monday, after it slumped to a historic low against the European currency at the end of last week, as the markets awaited the release of fresh US economic data in the coming week.	2
A gentleman and a boxer There was a time when knocking out Mike Tyson was boxing #39;s equivalent to beating Ken Jennings at Final Jeopardy. It was the most Heruculean of labors and when it finally happened, it was an international event 	1
Players, Team Owners Facing Long Contract Talks  TORONTO (Reuters) - National Hockey League team owners and  players appear poised to enter long contract negotiations  Thursday in a last-ditch bid to start the season on schedule.	1
Protection Is Issue The Redskins have allowed nine sacks in the past two games -- a particularly large number for a Joe Gibbs-coached team.	1
Texas Firm Targets Teens With Package Of Digital Features Teenagers tend to like instant messaging, TV watching, net surfing, music listening, and shopping, so an Austin, Texas, company has decided to package digital features coveted by teenagers in a PC targeted specifically at teenaged ...	3
Good-looking, Lightweight  #39;Push-to-Talk #39; Phone for Business Users You #39;ll either love or hate the metallic copper-tone case, but for us it is a welcome break from the generic silver or gray phones that everyone seems to have. (A silver version is also available, for the more timid.) Although by no means ...	3
Lawyer says sprinter did not know about test Athens -- Greek sprinter Costas Kederis did not know he was expected for a doping test, his lawyer said after the disgraced athlete testified to a public prosecutor probing the scandal that rocked Greece on the eve of the Olympics.	1
Responding to McCain, Bush Plans Legal Action on Ads (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush on Thursday\sought to smooth over differences with Sen. John McCain by\promising to take legal action to stop political ads by outside\groups, including those attacking the war record of Bush's\Democratic presidential rival, John Kerry.	0
Dell to spend \$115 million on new plant North Carolina facility will open in fall 2005 and employ 1,500 people within the next five years, Dell says.	3
Darfur security situation amplifies humanitarian crisis, United &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Darfur #39;s security situation remains unstable with gunmen attacking relief convoys, civilians and African villagers, causing roads to be blocked and areas to be classified as no-go zones, the United Nations said Friday.	0
Danforth's moderate leanings tested in politics and at UN (AFP) AFP - John Danforth, who has resigned as US ambassador to the United Nations, is a respected moderate within the Republican establishment and an ordained Episcopal priest sometimes nicknamed "Saint Jack."	0
Beyond the Call of Duty In February 2003, less than a month before the US invaded Iraq, Bunnatine (Bunny) Greenhouse walked into a Pentagon meeting and with a quiet comment started what could be the end of her career.	2
Crude futures tumble for second day in row Crude oil futures nose-dived for a second day in a row yesterday, briefly dipping below \$43 a barrel, as traders focused on rising fuel supplies and the lack of cold weather. The two-day drop of more than \$5 a barrel picked up momentum from technical and speculative trading.	2
Coach Mourinho to face former squad with Chelsea London, England (Sports Network) - Disappointing Porto will meet a confident Chelsea side led by its former coach at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday as Matchday 2 continues.	1
Better late than never: Auburn climbs into mix The Auburn Tigers are coming. Steadily, but picking up speed and power. In the Southeastern Conference, the preseason chatter was about Louisiana State, the defending co-national champion, and perhaps Georgia.	1
Notorious Indian criminal killed India #39;s most wanted fugitive, accused of more than 100 murders and on the run for decades, has been shot dead after driving into an elaborate police trap.	0
A Senator's Outrage Delays Passage of Corporate Tax Bill The Senate cleared a path for a bill to hand out about \$140 billion in corporate tax breaks, but it was blocked from a final vote by a fight over a provision aimed at helping reserve soldiers on active duty in Iraq.	2
Patience could prove a virtue for Australia Australia may swap their usual aggression for a more patient approach in a bid to register their first test series victory in India for 35 years, stand-in captain Adam Gilchrist said on Tuesday.	1
Wrapping Up the Genesis Crash Site Genesis engineers and scientists have wrapped the crash site of the solar-wind collecting probe, with hopes of recovering mission objectives. A few disk fragments have been sent to California researchers, but NASA scientists are still working in Utah to preserve the bulk of the cargo.	3
Typhoon paralyzes wide area of Japan TOKYO Japan #39;s deadliest typhoon in more than two decades killed at least 62 people and left 27 missing before veering out to sea north of Tokyo on Thursday, according to media reports.	0
Hurricane Ivan Charges Westward Through Caribbean The latest in a series of violent storms continues to charge westward through the Caribbean, after making a direct hit on Grenada, knocking over trees and utility poles.	0
Triumph for People Power After Ukraine Vote Annulled  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian opposition leader Viktor  Yushchenko declared victory in an "orange revolution" on Friday  after the ex-Soviet state's top judges annulled a rigged  election and ordered a new vote on Dec. 26.	0
Corus Reports First-Ever Profit, Revives Bond Sales (Update6) Corus Group Plc, the UK #39;s biggest steelmaker, reported its first profit and revived plans to sell 500 million euros (\$608 million) of bonds to refinance debt after it benefited from higher steel prices and cost cuts.	2
Typhoon Lashes Taiwan With Wind, Rain (AP) AP - Typhoon Nock-ten battered Taiwan on Monday as the storm's eye whirled just off the island's eastern coast, drenching mountainous regions with rain that could trigger deadly mudslides.	0
Goosen Comes From Behind to Win Tour Golf Championship Retief Goosen overcame a four shot deficit to win the season ending Tour Golf Championship in Atlanta, Georgia. The South African player had a surprising come-from-behind victory.	1
Sony Group Agrees in Principle to Buy MGM  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - A group headed by Sony Corp of  America agreed in principle to acquire Hollywood film studio  Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MGM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MGM.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$12 a share in cash, both sides   said on Monday.	2
The Old World Becomes A Little Newer (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - Europe has long been an innovation leader. Centuries ago, Johannes Gutenberg  revolutionized practically everything with his technological marvel, the printing press. Europe's modern-day innovators have changed how we work and play with inventions such as compact disks, the World Wide Web, and the Linux operating system. Today, engineers at Airbus are pushing the envelope with the world's biggest commercial aircraft, the 600-seat, double-decker A380 superjumbo. ...	3
Moonlit Taj Entralls hundreds after 20 years Tourists, lovebirds and locals came in hundreds to view the Taj Mahal at night on Saturday, after the Supreme Court allowed visitors to gaze at the dazzling marble monument by moonlight for the first time in two decades.	0
WRAPUP 1-Record-breaking Arsenal sweep past Rovers Champions Arsenal made history on Wednesday by trouncing Blackburn Rovers 3-0 at Highbury to set a 43-match unbeaten league record in English football.	1
BEA veterans launch new approach to open source services The former head of Microsoft Corp #39;s Windows business has given his financial backing to SourceLabs Inc, a new open source support and services firm set up by former executives at BEA Systems Inc.	3
IT Jobs Dwindle in US, Offshore Hiring To Surge Challenger, Gray  amp; Christmas reports that the US information technology industry lost 54,701 jobs in the July through September quarter, which is an increase of 14 percent from the same quarter last year.	2
US denies contacts with Hamas The United States denied it had held contacts with Hamas as a leader of the radical Palestinian group has claimed.  quot;We don #39;t conduct business with designated terrorist organisations.	0
Game 2 rainout would give Astros much-needed breather ST. LOUIS -- A day of steady rain not only caused the Busch Stadium tarp to cover the infield little more than two hours before the scheduled start of Game 2 of the NL Championship Series, it gave the Houston Astros some hope strengthening their rotation.	1
Chargers Name Rivers No. 2 Quarterback (AP) AP - Philip Rivers just got a lot closer to taking his first snap with the woeful San Diego Chargers.	1
SuperSonics Snap Heat's 14-Game Win Streak (AP) AP - For the first time in nearly a month, the Miami Heat failed to win. Ray Allen scored 35 points, Rashard Lewis added 17 points and 13 rebounds and the Seattle SuperSonics snapped the Heat's franchise-record 14-game winning streak Monday night with a 98-96 victory.	1
Peres  amp; Sharon Seeking an Anchor (IsraelNN.com) The Labor opposition party has already hammered out a preliminary agreement with the prime minister that would call for Labor remaining in a Likud-led coalition until November 2006, the scheduled date for national elections.	0
Wal-Mart Says November US Sales Rise Within 2 to 4 Forecast Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, said sales at US stores open at least a year are rising within its forecast, with strongest sales coming from bedding and women #39;s clothing.	2
Why a browser makes sense for Google? We speculated about it in May, the online world went crazy about a possibility as soon as they came to know about Google registering GBrowser.	3
Softbank Protests Bandwidth Allocation the billionaire founder and CEO of Softbank -- says Softbank issued a statement protesting the Japanese government #39;s plan to allocate the 800mhz band exclusively to two existing mobile-phone operators.	3
Berlusconi in Libya to discuss illegal immigration with Kadhafi (AFP) AFP - Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi met Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi for talks on how to stop illegal immigrants using the north African state as a springboard for entry into Italy.	0
Timberwolves Topple Clippers 107-100, OT (AP) AP - Sam Cassell scored eight of his season-high 30 points in overtime and Kevin Garnett added 22 points and 15 rebounds, helping the Minnesota Timberwolves beat the Los Angeles Clippers 107-100 Saturday night for their fifth straight victory.	1
Rosie Jones Ready to Defend LPGA Title (AP) AP - Rosie Jones has the perfect plan to ease into retirement  #151; a second straight victory in this tournament.	1
U.S. Report Finds No Evidence of Iraq WMD WASHINGTON - Contradicting the main argument for a war that has cost more than 1,000 American lives, the top U.S. arms inspector said Wednesday he found no evidence that Iraq produced any weapons of mass destruction after 1991...	0
Medal Hopes Take A Dive Mark Shipman and Tony Ally both failed to progress beyond the semi-final stages of the three-metre springboard diving this afternoon.	1
Toyota, Partner to Invest \$461 Mln in China Venture (Update2) Toyota Motor Corp., the world #39;s biggest carmaker by value, will invest 3.8 billion yuan (\$461 million) with its partner Guangzhou Automobile Group to boost manufacturing capacity in 	2
Test of Missile Defense System Delayed Again The Pentagon's last hope of flight-testing critical new elements of an antimissile system, before activating the system this autumn, appeared to vanish with the disclosure that the next flight test has been postponed.	3
Russian Justice Ministry says it will sell some Yukos assets MOSCOW Russia #39;s Justice Ministry will sell off some of the assets of a subsidiary of the oil giant Yukos. That #39;s according to a statement carried by the Interfax news agency.	2
Jury Gets Enron, Merrill Lynch Case Jurors began deliberations in the trial of six former Enron Corp. and Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. executives accused of fraud and conspiracy in the energy trader #39;s 1999 sale of three power-generating barges.	2
Parents of caged boys deserve far worse than nine months in jail: Crown prosecutor (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Two brothers who lost their childhoods to a "systemic campaign of mistreatment and torture" for more than 13 years deserve better than to see their adoptive parents jailed for a mere nine months, a Crown attorney argued Friday.	0
Rutgers stumbles past Owls PISCATAWAY, N.J. -- Jeremy Ito kicked three field goals and Ryan Hart threw a late touchdown pass to help Rutgers hold off Temple, 16-6, in an error-filled game yesterday.	1
Monsanto Posts Loss on Herbicide Sales  KANSAS CITY, Mo. (Reuters) - Agrochemical company Monsanto  Co. on Wednesday posted a quarterly net loss on a drop in U.S.  sales of the herbicide Roundup.	2
Biologists Hunt Destructive 'Frankenfish' (AP) AP - Biologists plan to use large nets and traps this week in Chicago's Burnham Harbor to search for the northern snakehead  #151; a type of fish known for its voracious appetite and ability to wreak havoc on freshwater ecosystems.	3
Firm Cashes in on Google Warrants By CHRISTOPHER WANG    NEW YORK (AP) -- Executive search firm Heidrick   Struggles International Inc. (HSII) on Friday said it bagged nearly \$130 million by selling Google Inc...	3
Oil Ends Week Higher But Stays Under \$50  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices closed higher on Friday,  clawing back some of its heavy losses from earlier in the week,  helped partly by news of strong employment data from  Washington, but ended the week still under \$50 a barrel.	2
Parmalat investors head for court Shareholders in stricken Italian food group Parmalat sue the firm's former managers, banks and auditors.	2
Safin cuts short Henman #39;s year Tim Henman acknowledged the dilemma of his life in tennis.  quot;I #39;ve never hidden behind the fact that I #39;ll be judged on whether I win Wimbledon or not, quot; he said.	1
After decades on run, Indian  #39;demon #39; killed MADRAS, India - He was India #39;s most wanted bandit, a brutal smuggler who murdered police officers, slaughtered elephants and kidnapped a movie star.	0
Israel To Benefit From Sinai Bombings: Experts A cohort of Egyptian security, political and diplomatic experts have concluded that Israel is the only party to benefit from the blasts 	0
A Leg to Stand On At the very moment when the Red Sox desperately need someone slightly larger than life to rally around, they suddenly have the man for the job: Thrilling Schilling.	1
China to Institute Online Ratings Systems (AP) AP - China plans ratings systems for online games, books and movies to protect children from violence and sexual content in the nation's latest effort to tighten controls on various media, reports said Friday.	3
Conservatives say they'll move to protect traditional definition of marriage (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The federal Conservatives are girding for a same-sex battle with Paul Martin's Liberals, saying they will move to protect the traditional definition of marriage.	0
Can Sainsbury #39;s rise to the challenge? Ever since Napoleon described Britain as a  quot;nation of shopkeepers quot;, the golden rule for grocers has been: stock your shelves with goods that customers want, at prices they can afford.	2
Steroid Raises Pneumonia Risk in RA Patients Rheumatoid arthritis sufferers who take a commonly prescribed steroid known as prednisone run a significantly higher risk of catching pneumonia than people on biologic medications.	3
Students put university on eBay \Students at Exeter University put the institution up for sale on eBay as part of their protest against proposed cuts.	3
A Russian Summit in the Final Elena Dementieva and Svetlana Kuznetsova earned three-set victories over Americans to set up an all-Russian women's final at the United States Open.	1
Spansion Makes Splash in Flash AMD (Quote, Chart) and Fujitsu have embarked on a new line of advanced Flash memory to address an explosion of consumer electronics products, the companies said Tuesday.	3
PARMALAT: FT, BONDI WANTS 1 BLN DOLLARS FROM ITALIAN BANKS (AGI) - Rome, 15 Dec - The special commissioner for Parmalat Enrico Bondi is ready  quot;to present over the next few days legal action seeking to recover over a billion dollars from dozens of Italian banks which aided the company #39;s finances before its 	2
IMF says markets at most resilient in 3 years The global financial system is at its most resilient since the equity bubble burst in 2001, the International Monetary Fund said on Wednesday, despite rising interest rates, heightened security and higher oil prices.	2
Airline Workers See Their Security Quickly Vanish Employees at US Airways, Delta and United are facing the stark realization that the security they hoped their jobs would provide is being taken away.	2
Stocks tumble as oil surges again The Dow Jones industrial average fell 108 points to about 97-hundred-58. Decliners on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered advancers by a five-to-three margin.	2
Still a mystery to most There was a serious chill in the air, the weather more suited for downhill skiing than baseball, but being the Fall Classic and all, preparations were being made to the diamond at Fenway Park yesterday. Bases were 90 feet apart and the mound 60 feet 6 inches from home plate -- surely the recipe for a conformity to make it ...	1
Burress: Pats Still Roughing Up Receivers (AP) AP - Steelers wide receiver Plaxico Burress suggests there are two sets of pass coverage rules in the NFL these days  #151; one for the Super Bowl champion New England Patriots, another for the rest of the league.	1
Update 5: European Central Bank Ups Growth Forecast The European Central Bank on Thursday raised its economic growth forecast for the 12 nations using the euro and kept its key interest rate steady at record lows as it waits for the recovery to firm up.	2
Triumphant Olympics end with pride and relief A nervous world learned the Greek word for thank you and repeated it endlessly at an astonishingly successful Athens Olympics that quelled fears, surprised skeptics and greatly honored the birthplace of the games.	1
Bush: No Payroll Tax Hike for Soc. Sec. (AP) AP - President Bush on Thursday flatly ruled out raising payroll taxes to ensure the solvency of Social Security, as he opened a push for historic changes in the retirement program.	0
Bush Keeps Focus on Preparedness for Terrorism; Kerry Shifts to a Theme of Hope As President Bush stumped through the 2000 battleground state of Florida, Senator John Kerry sought to expand turnout among the growing Hispanic population in the Southwest.	0
Bangladesh gripped by third strike after deadly grenade attack DHAKA : Bangladesh was brought to a standstill by the third general strike in a week called by the main opposition Awami League to protest against a deadly attack on a rally, police and witnesses said.	0
Hurricane Ivan Kills 20 in Grenada, Heads West (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Ivan killed at least 20 people\as it laid waste to the tiny spice island of Grenada, officials\said on Wednesday as the storm swept through the Caribbean\heading west.	0
Going With the Flow Forward Antawn Jamison is expected to be the team's No. 1 offensive threat while working within the framework of the offense.	1
Britain knew of E.Guinea plot before suspects #39; arrest The British government learned about an alleged plot to overthrow the government of Equatorial Guinea in January this year, several weeks before suspects who 	0
Bjorkman battles past Arthurs Australian tennis player Wayne Arthurs has lost his first round match at the Stockholm Open, losing in three sets to Swedish veteran Jonas Bjorkman.	1
SPX shakes up leadership: Blystone out, Johnson in The SPX Corp. Board of Directors accepted the resignation and retirement of Chairman, President and CEO John Blystone. The now Charlotte NC-based SPX -- which for years was the Sealed Power Corp.	2
Gatlin #39;s coach claims responsibility for THG source CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Just hours after Justin Gatlin stunned the world by winning Olympic gold in the 100 metres, his coach made a surprise admission on Sunday, revealing he was the anonymous source that sparked a doping investigation that rocked the world 	1
Yankees Rally to Win Game 2 Over Twins NEW YORK - Alex Rodriguez hit a tying double in the 12th inning, then Derek Jeter dashed home on Hideki Matsui's sacrifice fly and the Yankees bailed out Mariano Rivera with another improbable postseason comeback, beating Minnesota 7-6 Wednesday night to even their series at a game apiece.    The Yankees responded with a championship-caliber rally after falling behind in the 12th on Torii Hunter's home run...	0
Authorities intend to file charges in NBA brawl (AFP) AFP - Prosecutors expect to file charges against Indiana Pacers players and Detroit Pistons supporters in the wake of a brawl last Friday that led to record suspensions and at least nine people injured.	1
Seattle DH Martinez Wins 2004 Roberto Clemente Award (Reuters) Reuters - For the second year in a row,\a member of the Seattle Mariners has captured the Roberto\Clemente Award, as Major League Baseball awarded Mariners\designated hitter Edgar Martinez the 2004 honor on Tuesday.	1
Microsoft gets in on search party Microsoft (MSFT) unveils its much-talked-about revamped Internet search engine on Thursday to compete with Google and Yahoo - but at a test site rather than the main MSN page.	3
We #39;d like to set a 250-run target: Jennings Kolkata: Having managed to  quot;take the momentum away from India quot;, South Africa are now looking to set a target of 250 runs for the hosts in the fourth innings of the second and deciding cricket Test here.	1
Valencia pounds Deportivo, goes to top of table Valencia was all over Deportivo out of the gate, jumping out to a 4-0 lead at halftime. Summer acquisition Bernardo Corradi netted his first La Liga goal in the 17th minute, giving Valencia the 1-0 lead.	1
China, Russia Will Hold First War Games China and Russia will hold their first joint military exercise next year, the Chinese government said Monday, as President Hu Jintao called for an expansion of the rapidly growing alliance between the former Cold War rivals.	0
Free of Pain, Haas Renews His Climb In Ranking Tommy Haas wants his name to generate some buzz again, and he took a step in that direction Friday with a second-round victory over Sbastien Grosjean at the U.S. Open.	1
Impatience with Sudanese government triggers violence MORNIE, Sudan -- They descended on the government official with sticks, shouting that he was no better than the Arab horseman they say attacked them and forced them from their homes and leaving him a bloodied illustration of the rage of Darfur's displaced.	0
Dollar Rallies on Oil Drop, Awaits Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar climbed across the board on  Monday, drawing support from a retreat in oil prices and hopes  that U.S. economic reports this week would provide positive  surprises.	2
Time Warner Nears Settlement on AOL Charges Under a deal with the Securities and Exchange Commission that is still under discussion, Time Warner would not admit any wrongdoing but would pay \$750 million to settle the case.	2
Fiat boss denies end of GM tie-up Fiat chairman Luca di Montezemolo has brushed off media reports that the company wants to scrap its partnership with US giant General Motors (GM).	2
Husky Energy signs seventh contract with China National Offshore Oil Corp. (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CALGARY (CP) - Husky Energy Inc. has further strengthened its relationship with one of China's major oil companies by signing a new exploration agreement in the South China Sea.	0
Body of Turk Engineer Found in Afghanistan The latest abduction of a foreigner in Afghanistan - a Turkish engineer working on a US-sponsored road project - ended when the kidnappers killed him, apparently so he wouldn #39;t slow them down with police hot on their trail.	0
Japan 2005 Expo to Display Frozen Mammoth (AP) AP - Shuttle buses without drivers, trains floating on magnetic fields and other visions of the future will be on display at Japan's world fair next year. But Expo 2005's centerpiece will be rooted deep in the past  #151; the frozen remains of a woolly mammoth.	3
Explosion at Hotel Near Israel Leaves Many #39; Wounded (Update1) An explosion at a Hilton resort hotel frequented by Israelis on Egypt #39;s Red Sea coast near the border with Israel left many, many #39; #39; wounded, Israel #39;s Magen David Adom emergency medical service said.	0
Reliant plans debt sale of \$4 billion Reliant Energy, a producer of power in 12 US states, plans to sell about \$4 billion in new debt in a refinancing that may cut the company #39;s interest costs.	2
'Rocket' Fizzles Out as Astros Fall to Cardinals (Reuters) Reuters - Roger Clemens is still heading to the\Hall of Fame, even though his Houston Astros team will not be\going to the World Series following a 5-2 defeat by the St\Louis Cardinals Thursday.	1
Yukos Files for Bankruptcy in U.S. Court (AP) AP - Embattled Russian oil giant Yukos made a last-ditch legal bid Wednesday to halt the looming auction of its core production unit after filing for bankruptcy protection in a U.S. court.	0
Nerd party needed to replace 'left-wing' Democrats, says area man &lt;strong&gt;Election 2004&lt;/strong&gt; Point and click	3
Fears grow for Falluja civilians Iraqis trapped in the besieged rebel city of Falluja face a humanitarian disaster, aid agencies warn.	0
U.S. Gasoline Prices Fall to  #36;2.01/gallon (Reuters) Reuters - The average U.S. retail price of\gasoline fell 2.67 cents in the past two weeks, its first\decline since early September due to increased crude oil\production, a leading industry analyst said on Sunday.	2
Samsung Debuts Thumbnail Mobile Phone Memory Card At just 12 x 14 x 1.1mm, Samsung #39;s MMCmicro device is one-third the size of reduced-size multimedia cards currently in use. The MMCmicro can read at 10 Mbps and write at 7 Mbps.	3
H M Posts Improved 3Q Profits, Sales (AP) AP - Europe's largest fashion retailer, Hennes  amp; Mauritz AB, on Thursday posted better than expected third-quarter profits and said sales were up despite lowered prices and competition from rival companies, thanks in part to sales in the United States.	2
Aussie rookie hits jackpot ANDRE Stolz took the giant step from struggling rookie to season millionaire with a future secured by a two-year exemption when he won the US PGA Tour #39;s Michelin Championship in Las Vegas yesterday.	1
Lehman said to be next US Ryder captain Former British Open champion Tom Lehman will be the next US Ryder Cup captain, it was reported Tuesday. The Palm Beach Post said Lehman will lead the team at the 2006 matches in Kildare, Ireland.	1
Shopping Search Update 2004, Part 2 Here's a look at new and interesting developments at the major shopping search and comparision sites during 2004. Today: NexTag, PriceGrabber, Shopping.com/Dealtime and Yahoo Shopping.	3
Bloomberg Columnists Wal-Mart Stores Inc. isn #39;t just working to woo Japanese shoppers -- it #39;s doing a little shopping of its own in the No. 2 economy.	2
Goodbye, Numminen Thomas Jefferson once wrote, "Were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers, or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter." Similarly, if it were left to me to decide on a winter without hockey, or hockey without winter, I'd actually lean toward a Thrashers-Wild tilt.	1
Grim Signs Mark Global Warming Reports released this week offer evidence of climate change's impact: Plants and animals are dying and showing up in places they shouldn't, the Arctic is heating rapidly and sea levels are rising. By Stephen Leahy.	3
Tiger's Back an Issue at American Express (AP) AP - Tiger Woods felt stiffness in his back after seven holes Wednesday and decided to call it a day, not wanting to aggravate the week-old injury and not entirely certain he would be able to defend his title in the American Express Championship. The way his year has gone, that's just his luck.	1
Ichiro's New Hit Record Stokes Japanese Pride  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese school children and grown up  fans cheered Ichiro Suzuki when he set a new major league  baseball record for hits in a single season, a milestone that  drew personal congratulations from Japan's prime minister.	1
Novell files another Microsoft suit NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Just days after settling one anti-trust lawsuit with Microsoft, Novell filed another one. According to a Novell (down \$0.	2
Microsoft renews its push into TV with Windows XP Media Center Television has been something of a great white whale for Microsoft. The company has tried to sell WebTV and build software for TVs and cable boxes.	3
Under the Tree, 1983   When John P. Reilly told me to think retro, visions of Davy Crockett and coonskin caps danced in my head. I began to imagine a sleigh full of hula hoops and plenty of Silly Putty in this year's bundle of toys.	2
Putin: Recent Attacks Designed to Hurt Bush Russian President Vladimir Putin predicted that the aim of the latest attacks in Iraq is to prevent US President George W. Bush from being re-elected.	0
Save the trees, save the apes, expert says A UN meeting on endangered species could help secure the survival one of humanity #39;s closest living relatives, the orang-utan, by saving its forest home from loggers, a leading expert said on Tuesday.	3
Iraq Reaches Olympic Soccer Quarterfinals  ATHENS (Reuters) - Iraq's fairytale Olympic run continued  on Sunday when they beat Costa Rica 2-0 to reach the  quarter-finals of the Athens Games.	1
Britain Suspends Flu Maker's License (Reuters) Reuters - The British government has suspended\the manufacturing license of Chiron Corp., which makes nearly\half the U.S. supply of flu vaccine, cable television station\CNBC said on Tuesday.	2
Solar capsule crashes into Earth The Genesis sample-return capsule hits the ground at high speed after its drogue parachute fails to open.	3
Astros pass Cubs in wild-card race The Houston Astros pushed closer to a playoff berth, winning their club-record 15th straight home game by beating the St. Louis Cardinals, 6-4, last night.	1
Broken Wrist Sidelines Ravens' Ray Lewis Ray Lewis was inactive for the Ravens' regular-season finale game against Miami on Sunday because of a broken right wrist.	1
AOL: Is Half a Billion Enough? At its height, the combined AOL and Time Warner (NYSE: TWX) company market capitalization exceeded \$350 billion. When AOL used its big, bloated equity to buy Time Warner, the company offered Time Warner shareholders 	2
PLANE BOMB ALERT NO3 the third in a week. BA flight 983 had just left Berlin for London when the  quot;specific threat quot; is believed to have been made through a German TV station.	0
Phone Firms Rush to Get TV on Mobile Phones (Reuters) Reuters - Europeans came a step closer to\having television on their mobile phones on Friday when two\groups of companies announced plans to push forward with\consumer trials and establish a standard for the technology.	3
Fifa to probe Spain #39;s race abuse shame Football #39;s world governing body, Fifa, has said that it will launch a full investigation into the racist abuse meted out by Spanish spectators at England #39;s recent friendly international.	1
Injuries, Seminoles can #39;t stop Gore Frank Gore - the Miami Hurricanes junior running back who has had two college seasons torn apart by tearing apart two knees -ent rambling 18 yards into an Orange Bowl end zone sometime near midnight Friday to complete a 16-10 overtime win against 	1
Iran Says Will Bring Nuclear Standoff to a Head  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran says it is determined an  international standoff over its nuclear programe should be  brought to a head in November, confident it can rebut U.S.  accusations of a secret bomb-making agenda.	0
Biolase hits 20-mo. low on Q3 warning NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Biolase Technology Inc. took a dive to a 20-month low Thursday after the maker of lasers used in dental procedures warned that it would report a third-quarter loss and lower-than-anticipated revenue.	2
Morningstar Faces Possible SEC Suit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. securities regulators may file  suit against Morningstar Inc., a provider of mutual fund and  stock research, over incorrect data it published about a mutual  fund, the company said on Friday.	2
Palestinian FM: US Elections Hinder Peace Process Palestinian Foreign Minister Nabil Shaat said earlier today that the US presidential elections, which will be held on November 2, have impaired the Middle East peace process.	0
Symantec shares skid on deal SAN FRANCISCO Symantec, the computer security giant, reached final agreement Thursday to take over the storage and backup program maker Veritas Software, making Symantec the No.4 independent software company in the world.	2
Sony Unveils New Flat TVs, Aims to Boost Share TOKYO (Reuters) - Electronics conglomerate Sony Corp. unveiled eight new flat-screen televisions on Thursday in a product push it hopes will help it secure a leading 35 percent of the domestic market in the key month of December. 	3
Gaza Violence Kills Four Palestinians (AP) AP - Soldiers shot and killed a 10-year-old Palestinian girl and three other Palestinians died in missile strikes Friday during Israel's massive offensive into the northern Gaza Strip, witnesses and hospital officials said.	0
Wal-Mart Exec Tom Coughlin to Retire Wal-Mart Stores Incorporate vice chairman Tom Coughlin is retiring from the Bentonville-based retailer. Coughlin #39;s responsibilities include overseeing Wal-Mart and Sam #39;s Club warehouse stores.	2
Russia Counts Cost of Bloody End to School Siege (Reuters) Reuters - Russia began counting the cost\on Saturday at the end of a siege of a school captured by\Chechen gunmen which killed at least 200 people and cast fresh\doubts on Moscow's policy in the turbulent region.	0
To Survive the Dance, Marsh Must Follow Spitzer #39;s Lead Jeffrey Greenberg will almost certainly be gone. But his company, Marsh  amp; McLennan, has a good chance of surviving as long as its outside directors understand that Mr.	2
Acid oceans spell doom for coral The increasing acidity of the world's oceans could banish all coral by 2065, a Danish marine expert warns.	3
'Flag' storms to victory SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. -- Storm Flag Flying relished the 1 1/4 miles of the \$400,000 Personal Ensign Handicap yesterday, taking advantage of the distance to wear down odds-on favorite Azeri in the stretch and capture the Grade I race at Saratoga.	1
US banks want a piece of Texas US banks are feasting on the fast-growing Texas market, where a rapidly growing population and its ability to lure new businesses have experts predicting competition for deals there will become more intense.	2
Intel evaluating India for chip manufacturing BANGALORE, INDIA -- Intelis evaluating India as a possible location for a new chip manufacturing facility, the company's chief executive officer, Craig Barrett, told reporters Thursday in Delhi.	3
McGrady puts the hurt on Hawks Tracy McGrady gripped his left ankle and grimaced in pain. This time he worried he really had hurt it. McGrady had gone for a backdoor lob midway through the second quarter and stepped on the foot of Atlanta #39;s Tony Delk.	1
Kerberos critical hole allows system access The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) has warned of security vulnerabilities in its implementation of Kerberos that could allow attackers free access to protected systems. Users of MIT Kerberos 5 are urged to apply patches immediately.	3
NL Wrap: Lucky 13 for Clemens as Astros Defeat Phillies Roger Clemens pitched seven strong innings to earn his 13th victory of the season and 323rd of his career as the Houston Astros beat the Philadelphia Phillies 8-4 in the National League Monday.	1
Edwards Blasts Bush on Iraq, the Economy (AP) AP - Sen. John Edwards, answering President Bush's blistering criticism of Democrat John Kerry, contended Wednesday that the Republican was "completely out of touch with reality" about the Iraq war and the economy.	0
European economic growth losing steam BRUSSELS - European economic growth slowed sharply in the third quarter due to the strength of the euro and high oil prices, casting a pall over the prospects for the eurozone in the quarters ahead.	2
Airbus hits back after US files complaint over European subsidies Airbus reacted forcefully Wednesday to a US complaint filed with the World Trade Organisation about European state aid for the European aircraft manufacturer, saying Washington #39;s move underscored rival Boeing #39;s dependence on  quot;WTO-incompatible subsidies quot;.	2
Microsoft checks out new IE security flaw reports  Microsoft is investigating reports of a serious security flaw in Internet Explorer (IE), but has not yet seen malicious code that exploits the reported flaw, the company said Thursday.	3
Conservationists Sue Over Right Whales (AP) AP - Conservationists sued a federal agency Monday for allegedly failing to protect North Pacific right whales, which were hunted nearly to extinction more than a century ago and remain among the world's most endangered animals.	3
Acquisition of Grey Puts Focus on Havas  LONDON (Reuters) - WPP's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WPP.L target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WPP.L&lt;/A&gt; \$1.31 billion acquisition  of U.S.-based Grey Global takes it to the top of the  advertising sector and puts the spotlight on France's Havas  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EURC.PA target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EURC.PA&lt;/A&gt;, which failed in its bid and may now become a  takeover target itself.	2
Spring Coming Earlier Than It Used To (AP) AP - As the first signs of winter push into the Northeast, researchers have some good news for fair weather fans  #151; spring is coming earlier than it used to. The lilacs say so.	3
KB Toys to Close Up to 238 Stores (Reuters) Reuters - Bankrupt toy seller KB Toys Inc. said\on Tuesday it plans to close 141 to 238 underperforming stores\by the end of January as part of its reorganization effort.	2
'Boisterous' Soldier Buried at Arlington  Staff Sgt. Darren J. Cunningham, a 22-year Army veteran who was described by friends and family as gregarious and fun-loving, was buried yesterday under gray skies at Arlington National Cemetery.	0
NASA #39;s O #39;Keefe Turns In Resignation WASHINGTON -- NASA #39;s director has turned in his resignation, ending three years marked by a space tragedy and extra scrutiny of the space agency.	3
Internet group rejects Microsoft #39;s anti-spam solution The Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) has provisionally rejected Sender ID, a proposed anti-spam specification from Microsoft, because of a possible intellectual property rights conflict.	3
Senators Concerned About Secret CIA Memo Leading senators expressed concern Sunday about a report that the CIA has secretly moved as many as a dozen unidentified prisoners out of Iraq in the past six months, a possible violation of international treaties.	0
US Upholds Tariffs on Shrimp Imports The Bush administration on Tuesday upheld the imposition of penalty tariffs on shrimp imports from China and Vietnam, handing a victory to beleaguered US shrimp producers.	2
U.S. Existing Home Sales Fall in July (Reuters) Reuters - Sales of existing U.S. homes fell\more than expected in July, as the housing market took a\breather from its record-toppling run, a trade association\report showed on Tuesday.	2
OSI Pharma Soars on AstraZeneca #39;s Loss Shares in OSI Pharmaceuticals (OSIP :Nasdaq - news - research) and Genentech (DNA :Nasdaq - news - research) jumped Friday after AstraZeneca (AZN :NYSE - news - research) said new medical data showed its lung cancer drug Iressa provided no survival 	2
IBM in Discussions on Issues in Pension Suit IBM, in the latest turn in a pension plan case that could reverberate through the Fortune 500, said on Friday it is in talks to resolve some of the issues in a lawsuit that could cost Big Blue billions of dollars.	2
Sony agrees MGM deal The Sony Corporation today agreed to buy the Hollywood film studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and its valuable film library after rival Time Warner withdrew from the bidding.	2
China Accused of Unfair Trade Policies A group of industry, farm and labor groups, seeking to put pressure on the Bush administration before the presidential election, petitioned the government on Thursday to file an unfair trade practices case against China.	2
Mozilla ignites Firefox 1.0 PR Mozilla gets ready to launch what may become one of the most significant steps in Internet browser innovations since the release of the Internet Explorer 4.0.	3
IBM broadens suite of RFID services The RFID services from IBM will include consulting, business case development, technical proof of concept, pilots for the client and trading partners and full system implementation for industrial companies.	3
Coleman happy to mix with big boys Fulham boss Chris Coleman insists Monday night #39;s clash with Manchester United holds no fear for his Premiership strugglers. The Cottagers registered a stunning 3-1 victory over Sir Alex Ferguson #39;s men at Old 	1
Mars Had Acidic Ocean, Study Says A controversial new study suggests Mars had an acidic ocean. The strange brew spiked with sulfates and iron could still have harbored life, scientists say.	3
GAME DAY RECAP Sunday, October 17 Beltran set a postseason record by homering for the fifth consecutive game, snapping a seventh-inning tie with a solo shot as the Houston Astros posted a 6-5 triumph over the St.	1
Filipino Rescuers Pull 4 Storm Survivors (AP) AP - At least four survivors were pulled Thursday from a building that collapsed in mudslides 10 days ago, while the death toll from devastating storms in the Philippines' northeast rose to at least 842, with more than 750 people missing.	0
Wal-Mart To Open, Expand Stores Next Year Wal-Mart announced Monday that it plans to open or expand up to 45 of its flagship discount stores and up to 250 Supercenters in the United States next year.	2
Bush Presents Awards for Arts, Humanities (AP) AP - Musicians, composers and authors were among the more than two dozen people Wednesday honored with National Medal of Arts and National Humanities awards at the White House.	0
Rough weekend for Big 12 North Going into the season, there were many uncertainties about the quality of the Big 12 North. And questions remain with Missouri, Kansas State and Nebraska suffering upsets this past week.	1
Bosnia refugee returns reach one million - UN One million Bosnians, about 45 percent of those who fled during the 1992-5 war, have returned to their homes, the UN refugee agency said on Tuesday.	0
Two US convoys attacked in Iraq TWO US convoys came under attack today in and near Baghdad, leaving one US soldier dead and another injured, the US military said.	0
Religious Groups Compete to Court Voters (AP) AP - In voter registration drives, sermons and voter guides, religious groups from across the ideological spectrum have intensified the level of their political activity this year, prompted in part by right-left culture clashes and the legacy of the tight presidential race in 2000.	0
Open-Source Developers Cheer New Linux Base Standard The Free Standards Group will announce on Tuesday the availability of the Linux Standard Base (LSB) 2.0, and that this standard has the support of almost all global Linux distribution vendors.	3
Odyssey Shares Plunge on 3Q Warning Odyssey Healthcare Inc., a hospice care provider, said Monday its chief executive resigned as the company warned third-quarter earnings will be below Wall Street #39;s expectations and revealed it is being investigated by the Department of Justice.	2
Europe Seeking New Role in World Affairs (AP) AP - The 25-member European Union  #151; now comprising eight ex-communist nations and considering membership for Muslim-dominated Turkey  #151; is busily crafting a "Wider Europe" as well.	0
Mickelson to Sit Ryder Cup Play Saturday Phil Mickelson didn't look comfortable with his partner, his golf clubs or his opponents on the opening day of the Ryder Cup.	1
Blair Urges End of Darfur Slaughter Prime Minister Tony Blair today urged the government of Sudan to adopt a five-point plan designed to help end the slaughter in Darfur and ease the humanitarian crisis there.	0
PeopleSoft ousts CEO PeopleSoft Inc. officials said thier board of directors has ousted Craig Conway from the chief executive officer #39;s job. Conway has been one of the company #39;s strongest opponents of a proposed \$7.	2
Baghdad Airport Closed Indefinitely -- PM Office  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's interim government extended the  closure of Baghdad international airport indefinitely on  Saturday under emergency rule imposed ahead of this week's  U.S.-led offensive on Falluja.	0
New chip designs help AMD boost market share Design engineer Alan Lear has rolled up his sleeves. His lab is crammed with motherboards and oscilloscopes. He scans a screen showing the signal 	3
Linux Cluster Firms Draw Investors (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Two companies specializing in Linux-based cluster systems for high performance computing have drawn the interest of investors, giving each a substantial financial boost.	3
Insurers Seek Arbitration Vs. Boeing -WSJ  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Insurance underwriters have sought  legal arbitration for \$250 million in damages related to  defects in some Boeing Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BA.N&lt;/A&gt; satellites, The Wall Street  Journal reported late on Sunday.	2
Symantec to Buy Veritas Software in Deal Worth \$13.5 Billion The Symantec Corporation, a leader in security software and one of Silicon Valley #39;s oldest companies, announced early Thursday that it would acquire Veritas Software 	2
Stocks Fluctuate on Wal-Mart Sales News NEW YORK - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.'s warning of disappointing sales sent stocks fluctuating Monday as investors' concerns about a slowing economy offset their relief over a drop in oil prices.    October contracts for a barrel of light crude were quoted at \$46.48, down 24 cents, on the New York Mercantile Exchange...	0
Retail Sales Rose an Unexpected 0.1 Percent in November In the latest snapshot of the holiday shopping season, the government reported a better performance than Wall Street had been expecting.	2
GII to Launch Corruption Report Today Ghana Integrity Initiative, a country branch of Transparency International in Berlin- Germany will today launch the 2004 annual Corruption Perception Index (CPI), a document considered within the anti corruption lobby as the best authority in measuring 	0
Oil companies assess Ivan damage DALLAS (CBS.MW) -- Oil and gas field operators in the Gulf of Mexico and onshore refiners said Thursday the weather is now calm enough to begin the arduous task of damage assessments after Hurricane Ivan steamrolled through the region.	2
Iraqi Official Derides U.N. Election Aid (AP) AP - The United Nations has not sent enough election workers to help out with vital balloting in Iraq set for January, the Iraqi foreign minister said Wednesday.	0
Dutch watch Van Gogh's last film The last film by slain director Theo van Gogh - whose death convulsed the Netherlands - is premiered.	0
US Rejects EU That Hormone-Treated Beef Ban Is Justified The US Trade Representative on Monday rejected the European Union #39;s assertion that its ban on beef from hormone-treated cattle is now justified by science and that US and Canadian retaliatory sanctions should be lifted.	2
Explosion rocks central Baghdad A car bomb attack Saturday at the al-Arabiya network offices in Baghdad killed seven people and injured 19, police said. Police Lt.	0
2 Soldiers Wounded in Palestinian Suicide Bombing in West Bank The Israeli army says two soldiers were injured when a Palestinians suicide bomber blew himself up at a West Bank checkpoint early Tuesday.	0
Iran answer on nuke freeze not definitive-diplomat Iran #39;s answer on Thursday to an EU demand it freeze sensitive nuclear work such as uranium enrichment was described as not too disappointing but not completely definitive by an EU diplomat familiar with the talks.	0
Howell grabs Dunhill lead ST. ANDREWS, Scotland  England #39;s David Howell highlighted his round with an eagle Friday to take a one-stroke lead over compatriot and Ryder Cup teammate Luke Donald after two rounds of the Dunhill Links Championship.	1
New species of flightless bird #39;s days may be numbered TWITCHERS should book their plane tickets as soon as possible. Wildlife experts yesterday claimed to have discovered a new species of bird in the Philippines. But they immediately warned that the flightless Calayan rail could be driven to extinction by ...	3
Chechen Warlord Claims Responsibility for Siege In an Internet posting, a Chechen warlord with a \$10 million bounty on his head has apparently claimed responsibility for the Beslan school siege and promised more attacks on Russian civilians if Chechnya is not granted independence.	0
West Bank Family Pleads for Release of Iraq Hostage  BETHLEHEM, West Bank (Reuters) - The Palestinian family of  a Jordanian hostage threatened with death in Iraq appealed on  Sunday for his release, saying he was a father of seven who did  not collaborate with Iraq's "occupier."	0
U.S. Funds Chat-Room Surveillance Study Amid the torrent of jabber in Internet chat rooms - flirting by QTpie and BoogieBoy, arguments about politics and horror flicks - are terrorists plotting their next move? The government certainly isn't discounting the possibility.	3
Redskins' Taylor Arrested on DWI Charge (AP) AP - The tumultuous rookie season of Washington Redskins rookie Sean Taylor hit a new low in the early hours Thursday when he was arrested on a drunken driving charge.	1
California #39;s finance director resigns after 11 months A decision by the state #39;s tightfisted finance director to step down has fueled speculation inside the Capitol about a possible shift on spending issues by Gov.	2
Pitcairn sex offenders receive sentences Four Pitcairn Island men convicted of multiple sex offenses received jail sentences of between two and six years Friday. Two other men have been ordered to perform community service.	0
Northwest Airlines Recalls 600 Attendants The Professional Flight Attendants Association said in a message to union members Friday that the flight attendants would  quot;fill vacancies quot; in the Detroit and Twin Cities bases.	2
EMC Takes Storage Router for a Spin Here #39;s the skinny: The EMC Storage Router made its debut at Storage Network World here this week, but only in ballroom demonstrations (see EMC on Virtualization: Wait for Us).	3
Israel welcomes Rice nomination; Palestinians wary Israel on Tuesday warmly welcomed the naming of Condoleezza Rice as America #39;s top diplomat, but Palestinians were wary, saying the new Bush administration must put more energy into the quest for Middle East peace.	0
Double overtime does in Terriers First-year coach Kelly Greenberg brought her Boston University squad to Philadelphia yesterday to face the team she played for in the late '80s. After 50 minutes of basketball, Greenberg had to leave the City of Brotherly Love with a loss, an 89-87 double-overtime thriller against La Salle.	1
IAF blows up Hamas explosives expert, pursued for a decade By israelinsider staff October 21, 2004. The air force fired missiles at a vehicle traveling in the Jabaliya refugee camp in the Gaza Strip late Thursday, killing two Hamas terrorists and seriously wounding two others.	0
Putin Orders Crackdown After School Siege President Vladimir Putin ordered a crackdown in southern Russia after a school siege killed at least 250, and warned Chechen sympathisers on Saturday they would be seen as "accomplices of terrorism."	0
India's Congress Wins Polls in Key Industrial State (Reuters) Reuters - India's ruling Congress party won power\in a giant state on Saturday, a victory that would boost the\fortunes of Italian-born Sonia Gandhi's party and strengthen\Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's minority national coalition.	0
Mike Danton Sentenced to 7 1/2 Years (AP) AP - Former St. Louis Blues player Mike Danton was sentenced Monday to 7 1/2 years in prison for trying to have his agent killed.	1
Tony Blair fails to inspire his men DEAR readers, Tony Blair #39;s speech at the annual conference of the Labour Party was billed as the most important speech of his political career, considering the grave situation that 	0
Pacers' Artest Back in the Lineup  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Indiana Pacers forward Ron  Artest will be back in the lineup for Friday's game versus  Philadelphia at the Wachovia Center.	1
Sudan expels representatives of two British aid groups (AFP) AFP - The Sudanese government declared the representatives of two British humanitarian organizations persona non-grata and gave them 48 hours to leave the country.	0
Sony on Collision Course with Music Majors over MP3 including its own Sony BMG venture - over the MP3 song format. Sony is considering manufacturing devices that play digital 	3
Coping with e-trash pileup  NEW YORK -- When Office Depot Inc. stores ran an electronics recycling drive last summer that accepted everything from cellphones to televisions, some stores were overwhelmed by the amount of e-trash they received.	2
Tennis: Victory for Henman TIM Henman made a bright start to the defence of his French Masters Series title in Paris with a 6-3 6-4 win over Thailand #39;s Paradorn Srichaphan.	1
China hikes loans, deposit rates Chinas move to hike interest rate has come as a surprise. The central bank raised the benchmark rate on one-year yuan loans to 5.58 per cent from 5.31 per cent and the rate on one-year deposits to 2.25 per cent from 1.98 per cent.	2
Bank of America Plans Big Layoffs -Paper NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , plans on Wednesday to lay off hundreds of tellers and other employees at Fleet bank branches, and ask them to leave immediately, the Boston Globe said on Wednesday, citing ...	2
Some Scientists are Looking to Fat for Stem Cells Fat is a little-discussed source of stem cells, those versatile biological building blocks that can morph into a variety of tissues. However, fat-derived stem cells, researchers say, might someday provide replacement tissue for treating such conditions as Parkinson's disease, heart attacks, heart failure and bone defects.	3
Allawi: 'Major Neglect' Led to Recruits' Deaths Iraqi interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi said on Tuesday "major neglect" by U.S.-led forces led to the murder of 49 Iraqi army recruits by insurgents this weekend.	0
Haitian Leader Seeks Warrant Vs. Aristide PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - Haiti #39;s interim prime minister said Friday that he is seeking a warrant against ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide amid allegations of corruption.	0
Kmart wraps sale of 50 stores to Sears (AFP) AFP - Kmart Holding Corporation, parent company of the discount retail chain, said it had finalized the sale of 50 stores to Sears, Roebuck and Co for 575.9 million dollars in cash.	2
7 DAYS MONDAY &lt;br&gt;NFL ON DEMAND &lt;br&gt;EXTENDED HIGHLIGHTS &lt;br&gt;With the addition of the NFL Network to Comcast and Starpower cable, digital subscribers can now access free highlights of every NFL game. Minus broadcast network mumbo-jumbo commentary, the highlights last eight to 20 minutes...	1
Chip Maker SMIC Boosts Capacity and Profits Chip maker SMIC experienced healthy growth  quot;primarily due to our increase in capacity and increased demands of our customers for wafers, quot; said company chairman Richard Chang.	3
Cost Cuts Help Kmart Post Profit  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Kmart Holding Corp. &lt;KMRT.O&gt; on Monday  reported its third consecutive quarterly profit as cost cuts  made up for slumping sales, and its cash pile grew to about  \$2.6 billion.	2
420-Pound Teen to Get Free Gastric Bypass HOUSTON - Two doctors and a hospital offered a free gastric bypass to a 420-pound teenager after another medical center canceled the procedure because his insurance would not pay for it.    Doctors at Obesity Surgery Specialists said 16-year-old Brandon Bennett needs the operation for a chance at a healthy life...	0
As it turns out, the Greek way proved to be the right way A few US women #39;s soccer players scooped up small pieces of sod at Karaiskaki Stadium after their emotional gold-medal victory last week.	1
Deja vu as Yankees beat Blue Jays 8-7 Derek Jeter, Hideki Matsui and Bernie Williams each hit home runs as the New York Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8-7 on Friday.	1
Trio in ALCS spotlight I #39;m one of those people who believe there is an aura around this Red Sox team that will enable Boston to prevail over the Yankees in the latest postseason showdown between these two bitter rivals.	1
Justices wade into wine sales Doug LaVelle, owner of Elmira-based LaVelle Vineyards, says his winery and customers would benefit tremendously if he could ship wine directly to consumers in all 50 states.	2
Court battle threatens TV deal THE Test series between India and Australia is in danger of being blacked out after a court wrangle over awarding \$US308 million (\$443.	1
Getting Into Gottschalks A look at this West Coast retailer reveals a market-crushing year-to-date run.	2
South Africa in strong position Kanpur Test KANPUR: Andrew Halls unbeaten knock of 78 helped South Africa make a fine start in their two-Test series against India at the Green Park Stadium here on Saturday.	1
Ancient Greek burial ground uncovered Athens, Greece - Archaeologists have discovered ancient graves during excavations near Ancient Olympia, the hallowed site where the Olympic Games were born in 776 BC, the Culture Ministry said on Thursday.	3
VeriSign creates kid credentials VeriSign and a children #39;s safety group unveiled a new technology on Thursday that they said would make it easier for children to avoid child predators online.	3
MmO2, NTT DoCoMo agree i-mode Internet deal (AFP) AFP - British mobile telephone operator mmO2 announced the signing of a deal with NTT DoCoMo, Japan's leading mobile phone operator, to launch i-mode mobile Internet services in Britain, Germany and Ireland.	0
Pittsburgh Ends Another Win Streak The Steelers combined their new quarterback with Jerome Bettis to dominate the Philadelphia Eagles on Sunday.	1
Los Angeles Dodgers Team Report - September 26 (Sports Network) - The Dodgers will try to win their three-game series against arch-rival San Francisco and increase their narrow 1 1/2-contest lead in the standings today at SBC Park.	1
Opera Lands on Windows Mobile Alternative browser will be available on portable devices running Microsoft's OS.	3
Liverpool boss confirms striker search November 3, 2004. Liverpool boss Rafa Benitez has confirmed he is looking to bring in a new striker following the injury to summer recruit Djibril Cisse.	1
Nigerian Protection Force Arrives in Darfur  EL-FASHER, Sudan (Reuters) - A contingent of 50 Nigerian  soldiers arrived in Darfur on Thursday aboard a U.S. military  plane, the first of 3,000 extra African Union troops deployed  to monitor a shaky cease-fire in Sudan's western region.	0
Longest-serving astronaut to retire HOUSTON -- The longest-serving astronaut in history, who flew twice to the moon and commanded the first space shuttle mission, has announced his retirement after 42 years at NASA.	3
Fellowship of the Ring: Customized Cell Tones (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Whenever  his cell phone rings, which is a lot, Delvon Murray, 18, hears "My Boo," the Alicia Keys-Usher duet. Whenever his girlfriend's cell phone rings,  she hears "In Love Wit Chu" from hip-hop artist Da Brat.	3
US forces launch major offensive on Samarra Doctors at Samarra #39;s hospital said 47 bodies were brought in, including 11 women, five children and seven elderly men. They. said ambulances could not reach many wounded as fighting, which lasted throughout the night, was still going on.	0
Russian Coal Mine Explosion Kills 13, Injures 23, Ministry Says A gas explosion in a central Siberian coal mine killed 13 people and injured 23 others, Russia #39;s Emergency Ministry said. The explosion happened at 5:45 am local time in the Listvyazhna 	0
Scientists mimic lotus plant to create self-cleaning clothing Sending your favourite suit to the dry-cleaners could one day be an infrequent practice when  quot;self-cleaning quot; clothing become the norm, thanks to progress in nano-technology, the American Chemical Society has said.	3
Oracle says PeopleSoft merger ready to roll by January It may be one of the software industry's largest acquisitions to date, but Oracleexpects to work out its merger plans with PeopleSoftby the end of the year and will "hit the ground running in January," according to Oracle President Charles Phillips.	2
Rebuffed by Party, Sharon Presses on with Gaza Plan  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon  vowed on Thursday to press ahead with his Gaza pullout plan  despite his own party's humiliating rebuff of his bid to forge  a coalition with the pro-withdrawal Labour Party.	0
FIFA wins six-year legal battle Six years after launching a legal battle over unauthorised use of its World Cup trademark FIFA, soccer #39;s world governing body, has won its case against a Spanish and Portuguese language US internet network.	1
 quot;Green card quot; applications accepted Guangdong police have started accepting permanent residence applications from foreigners, Shenzhen Daily reported on Monday. The provincial public security department had issued 	2
Meeting with Manmohan major breakthrough Islamabad: Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf said his meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was  quot;a major breakthrough quot; in Indo-Pak relations, as it has been an immense success.	0
Roberto Heras factbox Factbox on Spanish cyclist Roberto Heras, who won the Tour of Spain for the third time in his career on Sunday. Took up cycling at the age of 13 after his father promised him a bike if he beat him in a game of tennis.	1
No. 11 UConn Women Beat St. John's 60-32 (AP) AP - Mel Thomas led No. 11 Connecticut with 12 points, snapping St. John's 11 game-winning streak with a 60-32 victory on Sunday.	1
Microsoft Caught Out Software piracy threatens to rob our cultural pioneers of their incentive to keep bringing us the best in everything they do. Microsoft is committed to preventing piracy from hurting legitimate software users, but by staying informed, you can ensure you're being part of the solution.   -- Microsoft on Software Piracy    Oops. Not taking your own advice is just silly.	3
Boeing, IBM Announce 10-Year Partnership Boeing Co. and International Business Machines Corp. plan to develop advanced information technologies for the Defense Department and intelligence systems under a 10-year partnership the companies announced Monday.	3
Dollar makes gains against euro The dollar recovers from record lows against the euro, but analysts say underlying greenback weaknesses remain.	2
HICKSS TRIAL DELAYED The date for Australian Guantanamo Bay detainee David Hickss trial has been pushed back from January 10 to March 15. The trials presiding officer, US Army Colonel Peter Brownback, said the delay would 	0
With Gibbs back, Redskins raise expectations Ashburn, Va. -- Joe Gibbs walked past the three Super Bowl trophies in the office lobby and stood in front of a photo, taken at the White House, of the last Washington Redskins team 1999 to win more games than it lost.	1
Chrysler Boss Sets Sights on Europe  CALGARY, Alberta (Reuters) - It has taken six years, but  Chrysler is betting it has improved the quality and style of  its cars to the point where it can win over twice as many  European motorists, its chief executive said.	2
Kerry Warns Middle Class Against Bush (AP) AP - Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry accused President Bush on Sunday of planning a surprise second-term attempt to privatize Social Security, and forecast a "disaster for America's middle class." Republican party chairman Ed Gillespie called the charge "just flat inaccurate."	0
IT #39;S HOME OVER BUCKS FOR GOMEZ Paying those hometown dues, Devil center Scott Gomez is passing on a chance to make up the money he #39;s losing from Gary Bettman #39;s lockout.	1
Nigeria fears push up oil  NEW YORK -- Crude oil futures briefly climbed back over \$50 a barrel yesterday, with worries over the security of Nigerian supplies supporting prices despite a surprise increase in US crude inventories.	2
US air strikes hit Fallujah, locals claim family of six dead FALLUJAH, Iraq - US air raids destroyed two buildings said to belong to top militant Abu Mussab al-Zarqawi in the restive Iraqi city of Fallujah on Wednesday where residents claimed a family of six were killed.	0
Nikkei edges up on economic hope TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Japanese stock indexes edged higher by midmorning Tuesday, building on a strong upward momentum in the previous session after corporate capital spending raised hopes that gross domestic product data will be revised up later in the week.	2
Desktop Search Tool Ups the Ante, Says Microsoft (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) launched its beta version of a new tool that allows users to search from many places on the desktop -- such as Windows, Outlook and Explorer. The MSN Toolbar Suite takes advantage of Microsoft's dominant Windows operating system to provide an ever present search tool to mine for data on a computer's hard drive or information from the Web.	3
Webmail drops Windows for open source platform Webmail.us, which provides hosted e-mail service for small and medium-size businesses, will announce next week a raft of improvements to its service, including a major migration of its core e-mail platform from Microsoft Corp. Windows to an open source platform.	3
Victory conjures up spirit of 2002 team Think circa 2002. Scraping for runs. Solid pitching. Aggressive base running. Coming from behind. Francisco Rodriguez and Troy Percival closing it down.	1
Darfur refugee death toll at 70,000 GENEVA - The World Health Organization says that since March, at least 70,000 people in Sudan #39;s western Darfur province have died because of poor conditions in camps for internally displaced people.	0
Karzai to arrive Pakistan The President during his stay in the country will hold talks with Pakistani leadership on matters including accelerating bilateral cooperation in the war against terrorism besides discussing ways and means to consolidate economic ties between the two 	0
Novell shortens release date for open enterprise server Novell last Friday said the release of Open Enterprise Server, a combination of open source and commercial networking platforms, is 10 months ahead of schedule.	3
Ask Walker about NU #39;s special day MADISON, Wis. -- Northwestern #39;s special teams were anything but special Saturday in a 24-12 loss at Wisconsin. The Wildcats had a punt blocked, missed a field goal and booted a kickoff out of bounds.	1
Vogue Adds Online Shopping Feature While Vogue's September issue is still offering its famously dramatic images of 6-foot beauties clad in high fashion, the publication is adding an extra element that is a bit more utilitarian - online shopping.	3
Enter your e-mail: A few weeks ago I wrote in this very blog that HD for the masses was still some way away. Well, its taken another step closer: Sony has just announced a \$3700 HD Camcorder for consumers.	3
Yankees happy for Randolph For the first time since 1993, Willie Randolph won #39;t be in a Yankees uniform on Opening Day when New York opens its season next April.	1
More union givebacks unlikely at US Airways US Airways #39; unions, defying efforts to win labor concessions to avert a bankruptcy, are unlikely to give up pay and benefits under a threat of cuts imposed by a court, a labor leader and consultants said.	2
Martinez targets himself for the most blame NEW YORK -- In the city that loves to hate Pedro Martinez, the sellout crowd at Yankee Stadium suffered only one minor disappointment yesterday. It came after Martinez walked John Olerud in the sixth inning. The free pass followed Jorge Posada's home run, a shot that landed just a few feet inside the left-field foul pole.	1
Mosul clashes plague forces in North Iraq American and Iraqi forces clashed with insurgents in several areas of Mosul yesterday, killing at least 11 attackers in a key northern city that has seen a surge in violence recently, officials said.	0
Olympic champion Pinsent retires Rower Matthew Pinsent, who has won four Olympic gold medals, has announced he is retiring from the sport. That means Pinsent won #39;t equal the five gold medals won in successive Olympics by another rower, Sir Steven Redgrave.	1
Health Highlights: Sept. 2, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    -----     Injuries Rampant in U.S., Study Says       Injuries kill 18 Americans each hour, a new government report says.       That figure translated into 157,000 people in 2001 alone, with no age group, gender, or race exempt, said the first national report for both fatal and nonfatal injuries released Thursday by the U.S...	3
Mauresmo, Davenport in Porsche Semis (AP) AP - Amelie Mauresmo and Lindsay Davenport won in straight sets Friday to reach the Porsche Grand Prix semifinals in another step in their battle for the No. 1 ranking.	1
Goosen, Jimenez European Tours #39; secret ingredients OK, let #39;s think cakes. An unlikely way to start a golf column, we know, but all will become clear. We hope. Ask any Mom across the whole wide world and she will tell you that she needs all sort 	1
Penn National to buy Argosy Gaming for \$1.4bn cash NEW YORK, November 4 (newratings.com) - Penn National Gaming Inc (PENN.NAS) has agreed to acquire Argosy Gaming Company (AGY) in a \$1.	2
PRINCE IN NIGHTCLUB PUNCH-UP: HEIR GOES SPARE THIS is the moment Prince Harry went spare at photographers early yesterday. The prince, third in line to the throne, snapped as he left a London club after four hours of knocking back cocktails.	0
No. 13 LSU Crushes Mississipi State 51-0 (AP) AP - Alley Broussard ran for a career-high three touchdowns in the first 17 minutes and No. 13 LSU held Mississippi State to seven first downs and 130 yards in a 51-0 victory Saturday.	1
Farooq and Omar Abdullah unhurt in Kashmir blast (Reuters) Reuters - A bomb exploded outside a graveyard in Kashmir on Sunday just as the president of the region's main opposition party and the former chief minister were arriving to attend the funeral of a murdered colleague.	0
Five killed, scores hurt as rebels bomb buses in India's northeast (AFP) AFP - Five people were killed and scores wounded in northeast India when militants blew up two buses, threw a grenade into a market and triggered twin blasts on a railway track, officials said.	0
Time Warner And Comcast Discuss Bid for Adelphia Comcast said it was in talks with Time Warner to make a joint bid for Adelphia, which has been operating under bankruptcy protection.	2
Athletics acquire Ginter from Brewers Oakland, CA (Sports Network) - The Oakland Athletics have acquired infielder Keith Ginter from the Milwaukee Brewers in exchange for pitcher Justin Lehr and outfielder Nelson Cruz.	1
Yukos Unit To Be Auctioned Off Next Month The heart of the Yukos oil empire will be auctioned by the government next month for what could be a bargain price to pay back a mounting multibillion-dollar tax bill  --  a dramatic finale to a relentless 18-month official probe that could destroy Russia's largest oil producer. A top Yukos manager slammed the plans as "government-organized theft."	2
Olympics: Greeks Dive for Joy, More Gold for Thorpe  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece was plunged in national  self-satisfaction on Tuesday after its synchronized divers won  the host nation's first gold medal of the Athens Olympics.	1
Britain  #39;did not disclose warning of coup plot #39; The British Government was told of an alleged plot to overthrow Equatorial Guinea #39;s government months in advance, it was reported yesterday.	0
New chief for Algeria's Islamists Algeria's main Islamist rebels, the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat, pick a new chief to replace the one killed in June.	0
Store Mannequins Can Now Breathe Out The high and low ends of the fiberglass fashion world seem to be converging on one focal point: a bigger, sexy derriere.	0
Prandelli Cedes Roma Reins Cesare Prandelli has become the second manager to leave a major European side this summer without coaching a single competitive match, quitting his new AS Roma post to care for his ailing wife.	1
A Great Place to Start Redskins rookie Chris Cooley, an obscure third-round pick from Utah State, finds himself starting at H-back, a critical position in the offense installed by Joe Gibbs.	1
Sudan talks to end with no deal Talks between the Sudan government and Darfur rebels are ending with no deal on halting the fighting.	0
Dynegy inks \$1B deal to buy Exelon assets Houston-based Dynegy Inc. has agreed to buy ExRes SHC Inc., the parent company of Sithe Energies and Sithe Independence LP, from Chicago-based Exelon Corp.	2
Sheepish portraits can calm woolly nerves London - British scientists have found a seemingly unlikely way to soothe anxious sheep, a report said on Wednesday - by showing them photographs of other sheep.	3
General warns his troops Israel #39;s chief of staff has called for the army to examine its conduct following allegations that soldiers carried out an execution-style killing of an unarmed Palestinian militant in the West Bank.	0
Stocks Rise; Siebel Boosts Tech Shares (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks rose on Monday as oil\prices eased a little and Friday's start-of-quarter buying\spree continued into the new week.	2
Bush Set to Open Oil Reserve Spigot  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - With oil prices close to \$50 a  barrel, the Bush administration is set to allow oil refineries  to borrow crude from the government's emergency petroleum  stockpile to make up for supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan,  a congressional source briefed on the pending decision told  Reuters on Thursday.	2
Flu Shots Skin Injection Might Stretch Supply of It Researchers said it may be possible to stretch the supply of flu vaccine by giving some people reduced doses that are injected into the skin instead of a muscle.	3
IBM Sells PC Unit to China's Lenovo (Reuters) Reuters - China's largest personal\computer maker, Lenovo Group Ltd. (0992.HK), said on Wednesday\it is buying control of IBM's PC-making business for  #36;1.25\billion, capping the U.S. tech giant's gradual withdrawal from\the business it helped pioneer in 1981.	2
Olympics-German women beat Swedes to take bronze Germany beat Sweden 1-0 in a repeat of the 2003 World Cup final to take Olympic bronze in the women #39;s soccer tournament on Thursday.	1
Farina talks up Kewell twist of fate With Kewell playing below par, the Socceroos provided vital proof they no longer rely solely on Kewell #39;s magic to get a result.	1
ATHENS OLYMPIC 2004 / El Guerrouj grabs 2nd gold, place in history &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Two days ago, before he would add another chapter to his legendary tale, Hicham El Guerrouj received a message from a friend in France.	1
The talk always comes back to sex Things start out simply enough for the award-winning geneticist and researcher. But then, after only a minute or two on some ordinary small-talk topic, like, say, the rate of molecular evolution of the seminal 	3
Google May Face Another Lawsuit GEICO's case alleges that keyword advertising programs infringe on its trademark.	3
GM Leads Stronger U.S. Vehicle Sales  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said its U.S. sales soared 20.5 percent in September as  month-end incentives from the world's largest automaker lured  consumers back to dealerships after three months of weaker  results.	2
Busch Picks Up Honors at NASCAR Awards (AP) AP - Kurt Busch's busy week of celebration was capped Friday night with his acceptance of NASCAR's Nextel Cup championship trophy.	1
Saddam Sees Lawyer, Forces Deployed to Kerbala  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Saddam Hussein saw a lawyer hired by  his family on Thursday, his first contact with defense counsel  since U.S. soldiers captured him a year ago.	0
O #39;Brien sues Ohio State, claims firing was unfair COLUMBUS, Ohio Former Ohio State basketball coach Jim O #39;Brien is suing the school, claiming he #39;s owed at least three-point-four (M) million dollars because his firing violated terms of his contract.	1
P  amp; G Recalls Its  quot;Sweep Vac quot; By Swiffer Procter  amp; Gamble is recalling a battery-operated vacuum cleaner it introduced in September this year. The company reports there have been a few cases in which the rotor locked up on its  quot;Sweep Vac quot; by Swiffer 	2
Chen says Taiwan #39; is best name President Chen Shui-bian () on Thursday said the best abbreviated title for the country is Taiwan.  quot;A country #39;s abbreviated title is an important, serious matter, quot; said Chen, who 	0
IBM creates SOA practice Deepening its commitment to help corporate users create SOAs (service-oriented architectures) through the use of Web services, IBM's Global Services unit on Thursday announced the formation of an SOA Management Practice.	3
Wal-Mart, Toys R #39; Us Lure Shoppers With Discounts (Update6) US retailers including Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Toys R #39; #39; Us Inc. opened as early as 5 am, greeted by lines of customers waiting to buy discounted merchandise including \$17.99 DVD players as the holiday-shopping season began.	2
Cosgrove wants Huskers to put loss behind them One day after the most lopsided loss in the 115 years of Nebraska football, the coaching staff told the Cornhuskers to forget about it.	1
Ethics Committee Ends DeLay Fact-Finding (AP) AP - The House ethics committee ended its initial information gathering Monday and now must decide whether to order a formal investigation of whether Majority Leader Tom DeLay has misused his office.	0
Terrorists calls for hostage #39;s release A STATEMENT attributed to the al-Qaida group of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi has called for the release of kidnapped British aid worker Margaret Hassan  quot;unless she is proven to be a collaborator quot;.	0
Oracle Buys PeopleSoft for \$10.3 Billion  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Monday agreed to a sweetened \$10.3 billion buyout by rival  software maker Oracle Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt;, relenting after a  18-month takeover saga marked by personal insults, courtroom  battles and the ouster of PeopleSoft's chief executive.	2
Bomb Found on Island Hours after Blair Visit Police defused a bomb near Italian Premier Silvio Berlusconi #39;s villa in Sardinia early today shortly after Tony and Cherie Blair ended a visit to the Italian leader. 	0
IBM to take supercomputing crown A new incarnation of Blue Gene/L can perform 70.7 trillion calculations per second, IBM says.	3
Updated AOL focuses on security The revamped software for AOL's proprietary online service tackles spam and other Internet security issues.	3
Red Sox Win in Last At-Bat Orlando Cabrera homered in the bottom of the 12th inning to lead the Red Sox to their second straight victory in their last at-bat, 7-6, over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night.	1
Jimenez continues superb late form Spain #39;s Miguel Angel Jimenez shot a 4-under-par 66 Sunday to win the Hong Kong Open by one stroke over defending champion Padraig Harrington of Ireland and South African James Kingston.	1
Massive IE phishing exploit discovered A vulnerability researcher posted details of a dangerous Internet Explorer (IE) flaw on Thursday that allows phishers to spoof Web sites more realistically than ever before.	3
Yukos partly suspends oil exports to China LONDON, September 20 (newratings.com) - Russian oil giant, OAO Yukos Oil Company (YUSA.FSE), has partly suspended its rail shipments to China, leading to increased supply disruption risks in the global oil market.	2
GM  #39;marathon #39; mice break distance records Mice which can run almost twice the distance of normal mice have been genetically engineered by US scientists.  quot;This is the first animal engineered for increased endurance, quot; says Ronald Evans of the Salk Institute 	3
American Amanda Beard Snatches the Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - Amanda Beard, twice an Olympic silver  medallist back in 1996, finally won individual Olympic gold  when she snatched victory from Australia's Leisel Jones in the  200 meter breaststroke Thursday.	1
A Good European? Recep Tayyip Erdogan has come a long way in a short time. Just five years ago he was considered a dangerous subversive, sitting out a nine-month jail term for inciting religious hatred.	0
Prince Arch runs down Mustanfar in Saranac Prince Arch, who had been racing against the likes of multiple stakes winners Kittens Joy and Artie Schiller, returned from a layoff of nearly two months to win the \$108,200 	1
Brown hit hard in return In his first start since breaking his non-pitching hand Sept. 3, Brown got just two outs Sunday. He allowed four runs and six hits and put the Yankees in a deep hole in their final regular-season game against Boston.	1
Digital Gear: Gadgets, Networks Go Mobile (PC World) PC World - A high-capacity cigar, keys to the Internet, disc repair tools, Bluetooth add-on kit, and more.	3
Microsoft unveils Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 Microsoft has unveiled its Windows XP Media Centre Edition 2005, its media-centric computing offering, which allows users to access the usual capabilities of a Windows XP-based PC but focussed on delivering media content such as music, digital photography 	2
SCO, BayStar Fight Appears Over (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - A SCO spokesman says the company has completed its arranged settlement with its former financial backer without fanfare.	3
Tokyo, Hong Kong show gains Oil price easing helps Nikkei snap nine-session slide; Hang Seng advances in pre-holiday trade. TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo #39;s Nikkei average rose 0.4 percent Thursday, snapping a nine-day slide on a technical 	2
Dillon needed 1 to get 2 CLEVELAND -- In Corey Dillon's postgame interview with the media yesterday, the running back indicated he hurt his leg after he had gained 98 yards in the first half, but he wanted to go back in for 2 more yards and his seventh 100-yard game this season.	1
Powerful drug kingpin extradited to US Drug kingpin Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela, wearing handcuffs and a bulletproof vest, flew late Friday aboard US government plane for trial in the United States, becoming the most powerful Colombian trafficker to ever be extradited 	0
FDA approves lung cancer drug WASHINGTON -- The Food and Drug Administration yesterday approved a cancer drug made by pharmaceutical giant Eli Lilly and Co. to treat advanced non-small cell lung cancer in patients who have undergone chemotherapy.	2
UPDATE 2-US appeals court turns down ABB #39;s asbestos deal A US appeals court on Thursday turned down ABB #39;s (ABBN.VX: Quote, Profile, Research) (ABB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) proposed \$1.2 billion settlement of an asbestos lawsuit involving the Swiss engineering group #39;s Combustion 	2
Oracle may be readying new PeopleSoft bid During courtroom testimony, a director for the database giant offers insight into the future of the takeover bid.	3
Nastase Concedes Defeat in Romanian Presidential Election Prime Minister Adrian Nastase said Monday he had conceded defeat in Romania's presidential runoff in a telephone call to opponent Traian Basescu, whom he called "the future president of Romania."	0
FDA urged to drop fish mercury level Researchers are urging the US Food and Drug Administration to lower the mercury level in commercial fish. In a study on canned fish published in this month #39;s Journal of Food Science 	2
Q A: Sun's Marissa Peterson on the company's IT services plans Marissa Peterson, who heads Sun Microsystems' services division, talked this week about the company's efforts to help its managed services partners broaden their reach.	3
IDF kills gunman crawling toward security fence Early Sunday morning IDF soldiers shot at three Palestinian men who they spotted crawling two hundred meters from the security fence north of the Karni crossing in the Gaza Strip.	0
Rustu Prepared for United Fenerbahce are adamant they can blunt Manchester Uniteds attacking threat in the Champions League clash tonight. Wayne Rooney is likely to link up with Ruud van Nistelrooy and Alan 	1
Russian Government to Discuss Approving Kyoto Pact (Reuters) Reuters - The Russian government said on Wednesday\it would discuss ratifying the Kyoto Protocol on global climate\change to which Moscow holds the key.	0
Couples Makes Early Move, Fast Start for Els  THOMASTOWN, Ireland (Reuters) - Former U.S. Masters  champion Fred Couples made the first significant move in the  WGC-American Express Championship second round Friday, surging  up the leaderboard with a five-under-par 67.	1
Braves Edge Dodgers 6-5 (AP) AP - Johnny Estrada homered, drove in three runs and started Atlanta's go-ahead rally in the ninth inning, and the Braves beat Eric Gagne and the Los Angeles Dodgers 6-5 Thursday night.	1
In Texas, 28,000 Students Test an Electronic Eye Hoping to prevent the loss of children, a few schools have begun monitoring student movements using technology similar to that used to track livestock and retail shipments.	3
The Terrorist Statesman Took Peace Nowhere Yasser Arafat #39;s last days on earth, a subject of intense interest throughout much of the world, have evoked mixed emotions in the country that was his life #39;s obsession: Israel.	0
US has no objection to NKorea delaying nuclear talks until after &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON : The United States said it had no objection to North Korea wanting to resume six-party talks on ending the Korean nuclear crisis after the November 2 US presidential elections.	0
Briefly: Credit union beefs up database security roundup Plus: Computer scientists slam e-voting machines..."The Sims 2" hits 1 million sales...Adobe, Kodak team on photo printing...Cray promotes two execs.	3
BJ Services Shares Fall on 4Q Results Shares of BJ Services Co. fell more than 5 percent Tuesday morning after the oilfield service provider reported fourth-quarter results and issued a 2005 outlook that fell short of analyst expectations.	2
Romanian Federation asks FIFA to clarify Mutu position The Romanian Soccer Federation (FRF) has asked FIFA to clarify whether striker Adrian Mutu can train during his seven-month ban for taking cocaine.	1
PayPal to Impose Fines for Breaking Bans (AP) AP - Online payment processor PayPal said it would fine customers as much as  #36;500 if they violate the company's policies against using the service for gambling, pornography or selling prescription drugs without official certification.	3
State regulators, in a bid to ensure accurate auction ads, target firms Three companies accused of falsely advertising multimillion-dollar estate sales and auctions of property seized by the federal government or county sheriffs have signed settlement agreements with Massachusetts Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly.	2
More Clues to Present Life on Mars Recent analyses of ESAs Mars Express data reveal that concentrations of water vapour and methane in the atmosphere of Mars significantly overlap. This result provides important new hints to evaluate the hypothesis of present life on the Red Planet.	3
Taiwan Offers Compromise on Direct China Links  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian proposed  on Tuesday to define direct transport links with rival China as  cross-Strait routes, in a bid to bypass a longstanding  political dispute, but Beijing is likely to ignore him.	0
Europe's SAN avoidance strategy &lt;strong&gt;Storage Expo&lt;/strong&gt; Do you want a SAN or a SANity check?	3
Chivas USA soccer club takes nontraditional direction in naming &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;This is a team that #39;s not going to stray far from its roots. Hopefully, we would all be bilingual, but practices would be conducted in Spanish.	1
Koskie, Blue Jays reach preliminary agreement on \$17 million deal Third baseman Corey Koskie plans to leave the Minnesota Twins for Toronto. Koskie and the Blue Jays reached a preliminary agreement last night on a 17 (m) million dollar, three-year contract.	1
Barracuda 7200.8 has 400GB capacity Seagate has launched the highest capacity PC hard disk to date. Pitched at desktop computers, the new Barracuda 7200.8 hard disk is a 7200rpm model that #39;s available with either a fast SATA or Ultra ATA interface 	3
Flash dims AMD #39;s revenue outlook With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.	2
Celtics rolling uphill SACRAMENTO -- In a season with very few certainties, Celtics coach Doc Rivers knew he could count on two things in the upcoming weeks.	1
Colts' Manning Sets NFL Passing Record (AP) AP - Peyton Manning set yet another NFL passing record Sunday, finishing the season with a rating of 121.1, more than eight points better than Steve Young's previous mark.	1
Raptors look to cool off Jazz CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Toronto Raptors will face yet another Western team that has manhandled them over the years. Fresh off a 108-92 drubbing at the hands of the Sacramento Kings, the Raptors head to Utah 	1
Oil prices edge higher US oil prices edged higher Monday as Iraq #39;s oil exports continued at more than 30 percent below normal after sabotage attacks on pipelines.	2
BellSouth, SBC Communications to purchase YellowPages.com ATLANTA BellSouth and San Antonio-based SBC Communications are joining forces in an effort to lead the way in Internet-based phone directories.	2
Latest event far out FOXBOROUGH -- The Patriots might have underestimated Adam Vinatieri's scoring range yesterday. During pregame planning, the Patriots decided not to attempt field goals if the line of scrimmage was outside the 30-yard line. But Vinatieri's 48-yard field goal in the third quarter of the Patriots' 24-3 victory over Baltimore cleared the crossbar by several yards, leaving the impression the Patriots ...	1
Getting Burned? Put on a Shirt Sunscreen and floppy hats are the normal tools to fight UV radiation in Australia. Now you can add laundry detergent. By Stephen Leahy.	3
Tech leaders see the CFO's role growing Among the new challenges: keeping Sarbanes-Oxley expenses under control and "their CEOs out of jail."	3
Kaneria spins through Lankans Pakistani spinner Danish Kaneria has ripped through the Sri Lankan order taking five wickets on the fourth day of the second Test in Karachi.	1
Gemstar-TV Guide Taps Fox Executive as CEO Television listings company Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc. has named a Fox Entertainment Group vice president, Rich Battista, as chief executive, succeeding Jeff Shell, who resigned.	2
Longwell gives Packers boost GREEN BAY, Wis. -- Ryan Longwell's 23-yard field goal gave Green Bay a 16-13 win over the Detroit Lions yesterday and lifted the Packers (8-5) into first place in the NFC North by a game over Minnesota.	1
Consumer confidence lowest in Midwest Despite the growing economy, consumer confidence has begun to taper off because of the weak labor market, according to a study released Tuesday by The Conference Board.	2
Exotic Cuban Tree Frog Found in Georgia (AP) AP - The small frogs that croaked in Diane Butler's backyard pond had been silenced and her goldfish were disappearing. She had the culprit, dead in a plastic bag inside her freezer. Butler's capture  #151; a 4 1/2-inch Cuban tree frog  #151; in coastal Savannah has caused a nervous stir among wildlife biologists in Georgia and Florida.	3
Gators are looking to past -- for future The search for a new coach at the University of Florida should and will be a short one. Former Gators coach Steve Spurrier soon will be back in Gainesville.	1
Boxer Holyfield Suspended NEW YORK -- New York boxing officials have suspended former heavyweight champ Evander Holyfield following his loss to journeyman Larry Donald on Saturday.	1
Microsoft Release Patch to Fix Flaws (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. announced Tuesday it has found a new security flaw with its Windows XP operating system and warned that an attacker could infiltrate other computers by persuading their owners to open a specialized graphics file.	3
Biggest gold firm 'takeover bid' A takeover bid which would create the world's biggest gold company, with assets of \$10bn, is reportedly being considered in South Africa.	2
Jukebox is reborn for the Internet age The Internet has changed the way people listen to music in their personal space. (Think iPod and other portable music players.) Now, it's also changing the way people listen to music in public places, such as restaurants and bars.	2
Eastman Kodak raises annual sales forecasts for digital products Eastman Kodak Co., in the midst of its strengthening its position in digital imaging, said Wednesday it expects sales of digital products and services to increase by about 36 per cent between 2003 and 2007.	2
Site still a disaster The legacy from environmental irresponsibility still hangs heavily over the city of Bhopal in India. Two decades after the world #39;s worst industrial disaster, the site still needs to be cleaned up.	0
Teams to lobby for Silverstone The F1 teams will lobby Bernie Ecclestone to include the British GP on next years calendar - but admit that there isnt much they can do to sway the F1 supremo.	1
Bush to ask for help in Afghanistan and Iraq, sources say (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - U.S. President George W. Bush will ask for Canadian help in Afghanistan and Iraq when he arrives on Parliament Hill on Tuesday and sources say he'll get it - eventually.	0
New group plans to protest, push NASCAR toward diversity NASCAR officials are bracing to defend themselves from the negative publicity that might result from a planned protest at the races in Talladega, Ala.	1
Takeover bid for British grocer J Sainsbury (AFP) AFP - Britian's third-biggest grocer, J Sainsbury, is the target of a five-billion-pound (7.2-billion-euro, 9.1-billion-dollar) takeover bid.	2
Hauritz answers the call... again If you could rewind events back to February 2003, try winding back to Cricket #39;s World Cup. Before Australia bowled a ball in anger, Shane Warne has stole all the headlines, failed a drugs 	1
Scientists Create Genetic Map of Cattle (AP) AP - For the first time, scientists have created a genetic map of a cow, providing researchers a new tool to reduce animal disease and improve the nutrition of beef and dairy products, the Agriculture Department announced Wednesday.	3
12 Palestinians killed in Gaza military operation As many as 12 Palestinians died in four separate incidents on Saturday in Gaza, another day of escalating violence between Israeli forces and Palestinian militants.	0
PM leaves for India-EU summit New Delhi: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh leaves on Sunday on a two-day visit to The Hague for the India-EU Summit. The 25-member grouping will upgrade its ties with New Delhi into a  #39;Strategic Partnership #39; in 	2
Simpler ID management readied by Microsoft DENVER  Microsoft is developing a portal-like interface for its identity management platform that will let users self-manage their identity information and provision network services.	3
Abrams said US choice to succeed Kurtzer as Israel envoy Israel Radio reported Thursday that Elliot Abrams, director of the Middle East department of the National Security Council, was the leading candidate to succeed Daniel Kurtzer as US Ambassador to Israel.	0
And they #39;re ready ... After years of preparation and US\$325 million of investment, Shanghai is ready to host the Formula One Grand Prix for the first time this weekend, on September 26.	1
First Sentence for Violating Privacy Law Lying in a hospital bed, gravely ill from leukemia and weakened by chemotherapy, Eric Drew began to get mail thanking him for opening credit accounts he knew nothing about.	2
Holmes on course for double Britain's Kelly Holmes stays on track for a medal double as she qualifies for  the 1500m semi-finals.	1
Saints' Hodge Is Suspended for Four Games (Reuters) Reuters - Linebacker Sedrick Hodge of\the New Orleans Saints was suspended for four games by the NFL\for violating the league's substance abuse policy.	1
PeopleSoft Stock Nears Peak on Reports (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of PeopleSoft Inc.\ traded near a one-year high on Thursday after analysts\raised their earnings outlooks for the business software maker,\which continues to fight a  #36;9.2 billion hostile takeover bid by\Oracle Corp. .	3
Middle East Conflict Killed 219 last Month The United Nations #39; Undersecretary for political affairs, Kiernan Prendergast, said that within the last month, operations by the Israeli army and attacks by Palestinians resulted in the deaths of 219 people.	0
Experts: Surgery only effective option The extent of Red Sox ace Curt Schilling's ankle injury virtually guarantees that he will not be in top form until surgeons repair his damaged right ankle after the season, according to medical experts.	1
Iraq's Forbidding 'Triangle of Death' As the offensive against Fallujah ends, U.S. military commanders have begun turning their attention to other restive regions of Iraq, where an insurgency in Sunni Muslim-dominated areas has proved resilient, possibly endangering nationwide elections scheduled for Jan. 30.	0
Germany's neo-Nazis change look to attract disgruntled voters (AFP) AFP - Holger Apfel cuts a clean look in his Miami Vice-style white suit and black T-shirt and is the new image of a German far-right that is likely to cause an upset in Sunday's state elections.	0
RIAA sues another 762 p2pnet.net News:- Through their RIAA (Recording Industry Association of America), the members of the Big Four record label cartel have sued another 762 people, bringing the total to close to 5,800.	3
'Digital' hospital showcases GE Healthcare technologies The technology at the \$55 million facility allows doctors to access patient information -- including digital scans, lab results and prescription drug information -- from anywhere in the hospital, at home or off-site, using a wireless network.	3
Defense Could Dominate in the Big Ten (AP) AP - Following a mass exodus of offensive stars and starting quarterbacks, defense could dominate the Big Ten this season.	1
After the Bell-Applied Materials rises after earnings NEW YORK, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Shares of Applied Materials Inc. (AMAT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest maker of chip-making tools, rose after the bell on Tuesday after the company said healthy spending on new semiconductor factories more than ...	2
American wins super-G AMERICAN Bode Miller won a men #39;s World Cup super-G here today, capturing his second race in as many days and his third in three starts so far this season.	1
A's Drop Indians The Athletics end their five-game losing skid in dramatic fashion on Saturday, rallying from a 4-0 deficit to beat the Indians 5-4.	1
Barcelo Crestline to Acquire Missouri-Based Hotel Group Barcelo Crestline Corp., a privately held McLean hotel company, said yesterday it plans to acquire a Missouri-based firm that is one of the country's largest independent owners and operators of hotels.	2
Lexington software firm shuts down DeNovis Inc. of Lexington shut its doors yesterday, sending all 110 employees home and washing away \$125 million in venture capital and years of effort to overhaul the way medical claims are paid, executives involved in the shutdown said.	2
Lowe's Hardware Hacker Gets Nine Years (AP) AP - One of three Michigan men who hacked into the national computer system of Lowe's hardware stores and tried to steal customers' credit card information was sentenced Wednesday to nine years in federal prison.	3
Mercenaries turn against Thatcher JOHANNESBURG: Three South African men pleaded guilty to mercenary activities yesterday and agreed to testify against Mark Thatcher who is charged with bankrolling an alleged coup plot in Equatorial Guinea, their lawyer said.	0
Singh Makes It to Top And Is Hoping to Stay or the first time in his career, Vijay Singh will enter a golf tournament as the No. 1 player in the world. That status will not change his approach, however.	1
Pacers to Appeal Suspensions (New York City-December 9, 2004) - Two days of grievance hearings stemming from the November Pacers-Pistons brawl are unfolding in New York City.	1
Arctic Melting Threatens to Disrupt Oil Pipelines (Update1) Atmospheric warming threatens to disrupt Arctic oil pipelines in the US and Russia as melting ice caps turn the permafrost into a sea of mud, #39; #39; an international scientific report said.	3
Syria continues withdrawing its forces from Lebanon Syrian military units withdrew from Lebanon in the early hours of today (Thursday) morning in the framework of a large- scale redeployment operation by the Syrian forces.	0
A top Taliban commander reportedly killed in raid KANDAHAR, Afghanistan -- A former inmate at the US prison camp at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, who returned to Afghanistan to rejoin the Taliban as a key commander, was killed with two other militiamen in a raid by Afghan security forces, two senior officials said yesterday.	0
Q1 Labs tackles intrusion prevention Q1 Labs this week plans to release the latest version of its flagship software as well as add-on software that the company says enables its security management tool to not only detect security issues but also prevent them.	3
Halo 2 Rakes in \$100 Million It's the hottest ticket in town, as dedicated fans flock to retailers to grab copies of Microsoft's new video game. The opening-day sales figures catapult the sequel to the top of the entertainment heap.	2
More British jobs set to go abroad A British industry survey has shown that business is facing increasing pressure to move jobs abroad to cut costs, with no sign that this global trend is set to reverse.	2
Sharon gets big win he wanted in vote on unilateral withdrawal Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won a historic victory yesterday when parliament voted to approve his plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank - the first time that legislators have authorized the removal of Jewish settlements from 	0
Ballmer bullish on future, bearish on Linux Speaking to members of the Massachusetts Software Council, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer touted a bright future for technology but warned his listeners to think twice before adopting open-source products like Linux.	3
Gentlemanly competition has potential to get out of hand The Ryder Cup matches were founded in 1927, in part, to promote sportsmanship and civility, and those ideals have been predominant themes in the run-up to what 	1
Unidentified submarine found in Japanese waters An unidentified submarine was found in the Japanese waters Wednesday morning, Chief Cabinet Secretary Hiroyuki Hosoda said. The submarine was spotted in Japan #39;s territorial waters 	0
After Being Bounced Around Florida Is Bouncing Back Bob Ellis was picking up plywood and two-by-fours on his second trip of the day for supplies to deal with the wreckage from Hurricane Frances, the second of three 	2
Bangla bowlers send ripples; India 403 for six CHITTAGONG: India received early blows from cricketing minnows Bangladesh on the second day of the second cricket Test here on Saturday.	1
'No experiments' for SpaceShipOne Burt Rutan, the man behind X-Prize winner SpaceShipOne, says the craft will not be used for scientific space experiments.	3
NL Wrap: Pujols Boosts Cards, Giants Delight for Bonds (Reuters) Reuters - Albert Pujols cracked his 40th home\run of the season and reached 100 RBI for the fourth straight\year to help the St Louis Cardinals blank the host Pittsburgh\Pirates 4-0 in the National League Sunday.	1
BA flies toward a stormy winter LONDON British Airways reported a 26 percent increase in second-quarter profit on Monday, but warned that it expected a tough winter, as fuel prices remain high, and competition stiff.	2
Cisco to sell high-end routers with Fujitsu The deal comes as Cisco pushes to develop a market for CRS-1, a new line of routers aimed at telephone, wireless and cable companies.	3
AL notables The Mariners and Royals combined for nine homers to match the most ever hit in a game at Safeco Field, which opened July 15, 1999. Cleveland and Seattle accomplished the feat on July 16, with the Indians hitting eight in an 18-6 win.	1
Potential All-American Dream or All-Russian Nightmare for USTA at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The US Open will either get its dream all-American final, a nightmare all-Russian final, or something in between today when No. 5 Lindsay Davenport faces No.	1
Kidnapped aid worker makes plea in video Please help me. Please help me, said a terrified Hassan, breaking down in tears and burying her face in a tissue. She said she might be killed like British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who was beheaded by his captors earlier this month.	0
Bogus marriages line racketeers #39; pockets Immigration officials have smashed a criminal network operating one of the country #39;s fastest-growing immigration scams: the bogus marriage.	0
UN Security Council, in Africa, Pushes Sudan Peace  NAIROBI (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council, leaving its  New York home for the first time in 14 years, met in the Kenyan  capital on Thursday and won promises from Khartoum and rebels  in south Sudan of an end to their 21-year civil war.	0
Minority Liberals to oppose Bloc amendment, put government on line (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Paul Martin's minority government is set to put its political life on the line Thursday by opposing a Bloc Quebecois amendment to the throne speech.	0
Shi'ites Bombed as Iraq Poll Campaign Begins  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A bomb near a Shi'ite shrine killed  eight people and a fierce attack on Iran by a minister fueled  fears of sectarian strife when campaigning began on Wednesday  for Iraq's first election since Saddam Hussein's fall.	0
Portugal PM, Cabinet Submit Resignations  LISBON (Reuters) - Portugal's prime minister said on  Saturday he and his cabinet had submitted their resignations, a  move that came a day after a snap election was called.	0
Cherie Blair denies quit rumours Cherie Blair, the prime minister #39;s wife, has denied claims that her husband considered standing down earlier this year. Mrs Blair said she would have been  quot;one of the first people to know quot; if the allegations were true.	0
Susilo told not to choose ministerial candidates from New Order &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA (JP): Political observer Bungaran Antonius Simanjuntak urged president-elect Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono on Tuesday not to choose ministerial candidates from the New Order regime to avoidtarnishing his government.	0
Japan warns of prison crowding Japan's prisons are at their most crowded in years, a result of rising crime and longer sentences.	0
American Express sues Visa, MasterCard and 8 banks NEW YORK - Travel- and financial-services giant American Express Co. on Monday sued Visa and MasterCard as well as eight banks for damages stemming from anti-competitive practices that prevented American Express from issuing cards through US banks.	2
Bronc's Elliss Out for Year With Bad Back (AP) AP - Broncos defensive lineman Luther Elliss will miss the rest of the season because of a herniated disc in his lower back.	1
NASA's Genesis Spacecraft Adjusts Course (AP) AP - NASA's Genesis spacecraft successfully adjusted its course this week as it heads back toward Earth with a sample of solar wind particles, the space agency said Wednesday.	3
Blast Hits Northern Iraq Pipeline Saboteurs blew up a section of a northern domestic pipeline feeding Iraq #39;s biggest refinery at Baiji on Monday, oil officials said.	0
Power restored to portions of Bay Area Power is returning to many residents in the Bay Area this morning with all outages expected to end by 1 pm today, a Pacific Gas and Electric Co.	2
UPDATE 1-US rate futures struggle despite low Aug inflation Short-term interest rate futures struggled on Thursday after a government report showing US core inflation for August below market expectations failed to alter views on Federal Reserve rate policy.	2
Legal Questions Dog Microsoft Acquistion (PC World) PC World - Anti-spyware company had granted another company rights to its software.	3
Afghan Gets Death for Journalist Slayings KABUL, Afghanistan - Afghan judges sentenced a man to death Saturday over the slaying of three foreign journalists and an Afghan colleague, who were pulled from their cars, robbed and shot as they rushed to cover the collapse of the Taliban.	0
No agreement on Iraq debt relief WASHINGTON The world #39;s economic powers, which ended three days of meetings yesterday, insisted they are moving closer to a deal on debt relief for Iraq and other poor nations even though an agreement has proved elusive.	2
Minding the Search Engine Business The UK specific version of Froogle features prices in UK Pounds and AdWords ads from British merchants. The company said it hoped the launch would offer a better online shopping experience both today and during the upcoming holidays.	3
Browns #39; Warren warned by NFL over Roethlisberger comment The NFL warned Browns defensive tackle Gerard Warren for comments he made about trying to hit Pittsburgh quarterback Ben Roethlisberger in the head in Sunday #39;s game.	1
Treo 650 Launched by PalmOne A finer, mellow blend of phone and PDA, PalmOne launched the Treo 650 in the US yesterday. There are changes on the outside and changes on the inside - some cosmetic, some ergonomic, and some fundamentally technical.	3
ENGLAND: Tradition is the key In utterly predictable fashion, the tabloid media and internet forums across Britain are ablaze with calls for Svens head in the wake of the 2-2 draw with Austria in Englands opening qualifier for World Cup 2006.	1
Defectors in Beijing swamp embassy  quot;Forty five people made an attempt in the afternoon, quot; a South Korean diplomat in Beijing said.  quot;We have sent staff to the Canadian Embassy to find out their identities and purposes of entry.	0
Before-the-Bell: Taser, Oracle Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Taser International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TASR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TASR.O&lt;/A&gt;  shares were up more than 6 percent in premarket trading on  Tuesday after the stun gun maker said it had received orders  totaling more than \$1 million.	2
Montoya signs off in style Jenson Button #39;s hopes of rounding off the season with the first victory of his formula one career ended in an expensive cloud of smoke here yesterday as his BAR-Honda rolled to a halt with a major engine failure only three laps into the race.	1
Is Jiang Zemin stepping down? Beijing (AsiaNews) - Sources in the Chinese capital revealed to AsiaNews that Jiang Zemin is going to step down tomorrow as chairman of the Central Military Commission, making way for President Hu Jintao to become the mainland #39;s undisputed leader.	0
Fossil find may be the father of us all Spanish anthropologists, intrigued by a single fossil tooth found near a Catalonian village, dug up more of the animal #39;s stony skeleton and announced they have discovered what may be the last common ancestor of all the world #39;s living great apes 	3
Singh on Top of Pile Again in Pennsylvania  FARMINGTON, Pennsylvania (Reuters) - World number one Vijay  Singh kept up his red-hot form when an eight-under-par 64 gave  him a three-shot lead after an incomplete first round at the  \$4.2 million Pennsylvania Classic Thursday.	1
Cendant in talks to buy Orbitz for \$1 billion Cendant Corporation, the travel and property services company that owns Avis and Budget, is in talks to acquire Orbitz.com, an online travel company, in a deal valued at around \$1 billion.	2
Scientist says numeracy theories don #39;t add up Language moulds our thoughts so much that we cannot conceptualise ideas for which we do not have words, according to an American researcher. 	3
166 miners trapped in China blast BEIJING -- An explosion tore through a coal mine in central China yesterday, sending smoke billowing from air vents and trapping at least 166 miners in tunnels and shafts below without a method of communication, the government said.	0
Israeli troops mass at Gaza border after cabinet approves military &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Armoured vehicles massed on Gaza #39;s border Friday after Israel #39;s security cabinet approved a large-scale military operation - dubbed Days of Penitence - to stop Palestinian rocket fire.	0
UPDATE 3-Cott profit falls, outlook cut, stock plunges Shares of Cott Corp. (BCB.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) (COT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) sank as much as 16 percent on Wednesday after the world #39;s largest 	2
Schwab says he #39;ll stay on as CEO to get firm back on track NEW YORK Charles Schwab says he is willing to stay on as CEO of the firm that bears his name as long as it takes to get the brokerage back on track.	2
Astros' Lidge Ready to Be Called Upon (AP) AP - Brad Lidge is starting to get antsy. The Houston Astros' closer has warmed in the first two games of the NLCS, but has remained in the bullpen. He wasn't needed in Game 5 of the division series, either, so his last appearance was Sunday  #151; when he blew a save against Atlanta.	1
Motorola To Develop FOMA Mobile Phone Handset for DoCoMo DoCoMo previously procured FOMA handsets only from domestic manufacturers. The two companies -- Motorola and DoCoMo -- said they aim to market the new handset from next spring targeting business users.	3
Ford unit sales slip 5 in October SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Ford Motor on Wednesday was the first of the major automakers to turn in October US sales results, reporting that unit sales slipped 5 percent.	2
VW and union resume wage talks Senior negotiators from Volkswagen and its main union have met to seek a deal on cost cutting that could head off the first full-blown strike at the carmaker #39;s western German factories.	2
Insurgent Video Shows Apparent Beheadings in Iraq A videotape posted on an Iraqi Islamist web site shows what appears to be the beheading of three members of the Kurdistan Democratic Party, which cooperates with the Baghdad government.	0
Yield on Bonds and baseball: dropping? The slugger #39;s testimony on steroid use raises sharp questions about integrity of baseball and all pro sports. By Mark Sappenfield  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.	1
PINOCHET QUESTIONED An investigative judge has questioned former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet for half an hour to decide whether to indict him in one of hundreds of human rights cases stemming from his 1973-1990 rule.	0
Canadian Despatie leads heading into 10-metre tower final at &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS (CP) - Canadian diver Alexandre Despatie lost his bid for a second medal in Athens after finishing fourth Saturday in the men #39;s 10-metre tower.	1
Malaysia's Anwar Loses Bid to Lift Political Ban  PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia (Reuters) - Malaysian dissident  politician Anwar Ibrahim failed on Wednesday in a final court  bid to erase his criminal record and free himself of a ban on  holding political office, but he vowed not to be silenced.	0
Sun settles Java suit with Kodak Sun on Thursday announced that it settled the lawsuit Eastman Kodak had brought against it, but the charge that Suns Java violated software patents held by Kodak brought to light the major impact patents can have on software techniques.	3
With six spots secure, only four openings remain in the chase For the six drivers who already are guaranteed a spot in NASCAR #39;s 10-race championship chase, Saturday night #39;s Chevy Rock and Roll 400 amounts to nothing more than just another race.	1
Putin tightens grip on security Russian President Vladimir Putin announces a radical overhaul of state bodies in response to recent attacks.	0
Inflation no threat Consumer prices rose by a modest 0.2 percent in September as a decline in prices for new cars and airline fares helped to temper a rise in costs for medical care, gasoline and fuel oil.	2
Low Death Rate Cuts Coffin Maker Outlook  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Hillenbrand Industries Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HB.N&lt;/A&gt;,  which makes medical equipment and caskets, on Tuesday said  quarterly earnings rose ten-fold, capping a year that saw sales  helped by acquisitions.	2
Sony Ericsson Profit Rises 45 on Camera Phone Demand (Update2) Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications Ltd., the mobile-phone venture owned by Sony Corp. and Ericsson AB, said third-quarter profit rose 45 percent on camera phone demand and forecast this quarter will be its strongest.	2
Securing the gold in Athens Despite age-old Olympic truce known as the ekecheiria, or "holding of hands," security experts aren't taking any chances.\	3
Taiwan  #39;Traditionally Benefits #39; With Republicans in White House Secretary of State Colin Powell #39;s comments this week on Taiwan have upset many on the island, but analysts believe he likely misspoke, and they note 	0
Eagles ink CB Brown to six-year extension Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Eagles signed starting corner Sheldon Brown to a six-year contract extension Thursday.	1
Perfect Game All autumn long, Harvard's football team has had its chroniclers thumbing through the archives and blowing the dust off records that go back to the 19th century. Yesterday afternoon, the unbeaten Crimson wrote their own chapter in bold face, throttling archrival Yale, 35-3, before 30,308 at the Stadium to post their best record (10-0) in 103 years and wrap up ...	1
Surprising Second Black Hole Found in Milky Way's Center (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Astronomers think they have found a rare if not unique black hole very near the center of the Milky Way. That would make two of the beasts in that part of the galaxy.	3
Disease Killing Beech Trees in Smokies (AP) AP - Scientists say a nonnative insect is to blame for a disease that's killing beech trees in the higher elevations of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.	3
Moveon.org subscriber-data leaked through search Subscribers to Moveon.org #39;s mailing lists may have found their interest in the anti-Bush political site a matter of public record.	3
FT defamation case founders London - The bulk of a brokerage firm #39;s 240 million (R2.7 billion) damages claim against the Financial Times (FT) could not proceed, a judge ruled yesterday.	2
Google to Scan Books From Big Libraries (AP) AP - Google Inc. is trying to establish an online reading room for five major libraries by scanning stacks of hard-to-find books into its widely used Internet search engine.	3
Dobbs #39; double lifts M #39;s Greg Dobbs hit a bases-clearing double in the seventh inning last night, leading the Mariners to a 6-3 victory over Oakland at Safeco Field.	1
Turin Winter Games Chief Defends Budget Gap  MILAN (Reuters) - Turin's Olympic Committee needs to raise  another 65 million euros from sponsors to meet targets for the  2006 Winter Games, its chief said on Monday after reports of a  huge budget gap had sparked a national political row. Turin's  mayor ordered an audit of Olympic spending after organizers  said they had a 180 million-euro (\$227 million) hole in their  books due to sponsorship shortfalls and lower sales forecasts.	1
Nextel's Next Connection By using methodical strategies, Nextel Communications Inc. is the scrawny kid from Reston, Va., who grew up to become a scrappy fighter by. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
Kentucky Sen. Bunning in Flap Over His Health (Reuters) Reuters - Kentucky's largest newspaper on\Thursday urged Republican Sen. Jim Bunning to answer questions\about his mental health because his behavior as he seeks a\second term is troubling voters.	0
News: IE in fresh security drama IE is subject to a trio of unpatched vulnerabilities, security firm Secunia warned yesterday.	3
REVIEW: Device Lets You Record Radio Shows (AP) AP - Call it TiVo for the radio. A new  #36;70 device called RadioShark lets you record your favorite AM and FM radio shows to your home computer and enjoy them later either from the desktop or a portable device.	3
Microsoft to charge for WebDAV Hotmail access To curb spam, getting your Hotmail via Outlook/Express won #39;t be free much longer ... posted 12:49pm EST Tue Sep 28 2004 - submitted by Christopher R. Anderson.	3
Afghan Vote Is Peaceful, But Challengers Cry Foul Afghans turned out to vote in large numbers today as Hamid Karzai and his rivals disputed the integrity of the vote.	0
MForma buys FingerTwitch (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The Kirkland, Wash., cell-phone game maker will use some of its  #36;19 million to buy wireless specialist FingerTwitch Inc.	3
Checking In, Sir? (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - This year Andrew Harper's Hideaway Report celebrates 25 years of grand deception. The popular newsletter's creator and editor in chief, whose real name is known but to God (and his wife), has paid his own way at thousands of hotels worldwide and published his impressions without fear or favor. We recently met him at a secure location in downtown Manhattan.	2
Pats #39; Law Said Out 4-6 Weeks With Injury BOSTON Nov 2, 2004 - New England Patriots cornerback Ty Law will be out four to six weeks with a broken bone in his left foot, his agent told The Boston Globe.	1
Symantec: Viruses Aimed at Windows Grow in Number According to the Symantec report, there is a sharp rise in so-called  quot;bot networks quot; of compromised PCs that are used by hackers to launch denial-of-service attacks.	3
Awash in Coverage, and in the Spin Cycle By now, bits and pieces of the Pacers-Pistons brawl have joined O. J.'s Bronco ride and the Zapruder film in the pantheon of numbingly overviewed news events.	1
U.S. Urges Israel to Smooth Way for Palestinian Vote  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - A U.S. envoy said before a  visit by Secretary of State Colin Powell on Sunday that Israel  should take steps to smooth the way for a Palestinian  presidential election set for Jan. 9.	0
Blair: Time for Excuses on Africa Is Over  ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (Reuters) - British Prime Minister  Tony Blair is to say Thursday that the time for excuses on  Africa is over as he chairs a meeting in Ethiopia he hopes will  turn the continent's problems into a global priority.	0
The U.S. Gives Mia Hamm a Golden Farewell  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States gave Hall of Famer Mia  Hamm the perfect send-off Thursday, beating Brazil 2-1 to win  Olympic gold in the women's soccer tournament.	1
Spurrier Not Guaranteed Augusta Membership Augusta National chairman Hootie Johnson said Friday that Steve Spurrier is not guaranteed a membership at the home of the Masters if he becomes the head football coach at South Carolina.	1
Mutu set to meet Juve officials Romania striker Adrian Mutu, banned for seven months for taking cocaine, is to hold talks with Serie A leaders Juventus, an Italian club official says.	1
Novell Files WordPerfect Suit Against Microsoft Novell has filed a lawsuit against Microsoft, charging that the software giant thwarted sales of its WordPerfect software by withholding technical information and by making the Windows OS inhospitable to the application.	2
Sony Ericsson sees profits triple Japanese-Swedish mobile phone maker Sony Ericsson reports a tripling of its third quarter profit, driven by sales of new camera phones.	3
Quarterback faceoff a bit of a throwback With precision passing, Joe Montana directed the San Francisco 49ers to four Super Bowl titles. Dan Marino used his amazing arm to amass more than 61,000 passing yards in an unforgettable career with the Miami Dolphins.	1
Palestinians to set date for elections for Arafat successor RAMALLAH, West Bank Palestinian officials are pushing ahead with plans for life without Yasser Arafat. The officials met today to set a date for elections to replace their longtime leader after his death last week.	0
Timberwolves Crush the Clippers 113-86 (AP) AP - Wally Szczerbiak scored a season-high 29 points, including 11 in the third quarter, and the Minnesota Timberwolves defeated the Los Angeles Clippers 113-86 on Friday night.	1
US Airways Asks Pilots for Pay Cut  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US Airways &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt;, struggling to  avoid a second bankruptcy, has asked pilots for a 16.5 percent  pay cut, USA Today reported in its Friday editions.	2
Gas Price Hits Lowest Level in 4 Months US gasoline costs fell to their lowest level in four months, with the national pump price dropping 1.8 cents over the last week to \$1.	2
Colombian Government Won't Halt Offensive (AP) AP - Colombia's government on Tuesday shrugged off warnings from Marxist rebels that a massive offensive is endangering the lives of dozens of hostages, including three Americans.	0
Boeing Adds iPass to Wi-Fi Service iPass wireless-broadband users will be able to make Internet connections on the fly, thanks to a new agreement between iPass and Boeing #39;s Connexion in-flight Internet service.	3
Boston Globe:  #39;Forget Microsoft and buy an Apple iPod - it works #39;  quot;As more and more retailers try to cash in on the online music scene, things are becoming increasingly befuddling for consumers -- especially for consumers who stray from the Apple iPod fold.	3
EarthLink to offer free net telephony ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August kept Wired  amp; Wireless on top for the 18th month in a row. Earthlink on Tuesday said it now distributes software that lets people make free unlimited calls over a broadband connection.	3
Harrington eyes perfection as Woosnam #39;s hopes sink Padraig Harrington, with next week #39;s Ryder Cup uppermost in his thoughts, emerged from a run of indifferent form with an outstanding 66, six under par, in the first round of the Linde German Masters yesterday.	1
Nation/world briefs WASHINGTON - Consumers were tightfisted with their money amid soaring gasoline costs in August, and hurricane-related disruptions last week sent applications for jobless benefits to their highest level in seven months.	2
Taipei plans city-wide WiFi Taipei  Reuters News Service, 8 November 2004 - Taipei plans to make wireless Internet access available across the Taiwan capital by the end of 2005, joining a small number of cities offering WiFi networks.	3
Sirius goes stellar (Variety) Variety - NEW YORK -- Shares in Sirius Satellite Radio surged for a second day as investors flocked to the satcaster in the wake of the Howard Stern deal.	3
Senate Wants Intel Chief With Budget Say (AP) AP - The committee writing the Senate's intelligence reorganization plan is recommending creation of a strong national intelligence director with spending power, while leaving the Pentagon in charge of some military spy agencies.	0
Report: Bayer Delayed Warning on Cholesterol Drug  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bayer AG may have known its withdrawn  cholesterol-lowering drug Baycol caused a high rate of a  serious muscle condition more than a year before it added a  warning to its label, according to a prominent medical journal.	2
A return to power for Clinton in Washington His November in the nation #39;s capital was almost as inconspicuous as John Kerry #39;s. Clinton Portis, Joe Gibbs #39; prized offseason acquisition - he got five years and \$28 million 	1
Red Sox bring craziness to grand stage You make the right turn off Storrow Drive onto Boylston Street, and that #39;s when you get the first look at the little green ballpark.	1
Microsoft Profit, Revenue Rise Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said its quarterly profit climbed as revenue rose 12 percent, but its shares fell as investors failed to account for the effect 	2
Transactions BASEBALL Anaheim (AL): Activated P Jarrod Washburn from the 15-day DL. Arizona (NL): Recalled OF Doug DeVore from Tucson (PCL).	1
US textile importers, retailers say no to quota An association of US textile importers and retailers says it has filed a lawsuit to stop the US Commerce Department from considering import quotas on Chinese products sought by textile manufacturers.	2
No Urban renewal for fading Notre Dame NEW YORK - When Notre Dame fired Tyrone Willingham earlier this week, there was a strong feeling among certain influential Board of Trustees members that the university had to move immediately or risk losing coveted Utah coach Urban Meyer to another school 	1
Intel Reports 3Q Sales, Earnings Gains Booming sales of server and mobile-computing microprocessors push third-quarter revenue and net income beyond earlier guidance. By Darrell Dunn.	2
Oracle, PeopleSoft prepared for midnight offer deadline NOVEMBER 19, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - The midnight expiration of Oracle Corp. #39;s tender offer to PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s shareholders for control of the company will either end the software rivals #39; bitter, 17-month battle tonight -- or increase its ferocity.	2
Pope Celebrates Mass Near Hilltop Shrine (AP) AP - Pope John Paul II traveled to a hilltop shrine near the Adriatic Sea Sunday to celebrate an open-air Mass attended by tens of thousands of pilgrims.	0
Burger named IRB player of the year Schalk Burger completed a mesmerising season by winning the International Rugby Board (IRB #39;s) Player of the Year in London #39;s Royal Lancaster Hotel last night.	1
Celeron 335D, the disguised Willamette Celerons form the basis of Intel #39;s entry-level platform which includes integrated/value motherboards as well. The Celeron 335D is the fastest - until the Celeron 340D - 2.93GHz - becomes mainstream - of the 	3
Palestine Buries Arafat in the Heart to Ramallah by helicopter. Palestinians welcomed his return as if he was still alive, chanting,  quot;Welcome Abu Ammar, welcome the old man.	0
De La Hoya #39;s last stand Oscar De La Hoya has long been compared to Sugar Ray Leonard. Saturday night he #39;ll have a potentially painful encounter to try and prove all those comparisons were right.	1
Students Log On as Scientists Explore Deep Ocean Thousands of school children are logging on to the Internet to join scientists exploring a series of hydrothermal vents a mile under the sea to the west of Costa Rica.	3
FaganFinder Search Engine Launches URLinfo FaganFinder Search Engine Launches URLinfo\\Another great tool from Michael Fagan via his already VERY useful Fagan Finder search page. Michael pinged us today to inform us about his new URLinfo resource that makes finding info about a specific web page/site from a variety of sources just a click or two ...	3
EDS extends Opsware contract Opsware, a data-center automation software company, and EDS renew a contract worth \$50 million.	3
Jacklin Criticizes Woods-Mickelson Pairing Former Europe captain Tony Jacklin says that  quot;never in a million years quot; would he have put Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson together in a Ryder Cup pairing.	1
For Wednesday AMs AP Olympic Digest for Wednesday AMs. The supervisor is Aaron Watson. The phone number for the New York sports desk is (212) 621-1630. Reruns of stories and agate available from http://yourap.org, from the Service Desk (800-838-4616) or your local AP ...	1
Bills' Losman May Practice in Two Weeks (AP) AP - Rookie quarterback J.P. Losman threw his first practice passes for the Buffalo Bills since breaking his left leg last month, and anticipates being cleared for contact within three weeks.	1
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2005 Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2005 challenges gamers to take on the man who has changed golf foreverTiger Woods. The revolutionary new Tiger-Proofing course alteration technology will change the way golf is played.	1
Chiappone seeks 5-year bear hunt ban A Bayonne lawmaker is still hoping to save black bears in New Jersey from being shot by hunters, despite a court ruling issued yesterday that prevents the state #39;s Department of Environmental 	1
Testimony: Ovitz Was Denied Signing Bonus Michael Ovitz wanted a \$50 million signing bonus to become president of the Walt Disney Co., but the directors who eventually hired him were not willing 	2
Israelis in fresh Gaza incursion Israeli troops have entered the Rafah refugee camp in southern Gaza in a new incursion to locate Palestinian weapons smuggling tunnels, the army says.	0
Indonesian leader appeals for hostages #39; release as captors make &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA: President Megawati Sukarnoputri has appealed for the release of two Indonesian women held hostage in Iraq as their captors demanded a militant Indonesian preacher be freed in return.	0
Toys R Us Narrows Loss on Kids R Us Sale (AP) AP - Toys R Us Inc., the nation's second biggest toy retailer, reported a narrower third-quarter loss as a gain on the sale of Kids R Us stores boosted results despite a sales decline.	2
Washington Post: MSN Music Falls Just Short of iTunes The Washington Post #39;s Rob Pegoraro says that Microsoft #39;s new MSN Music store is the most capable iTunes competitor, but that it falls  quot;just short quot; of Apple #39;s offering.	3
Knight Ridder names financial chief SAN JOSE, Calif. Knight Ridder Incorporated has tapped amed Steve Rossi -- the current president of its newspaper division -- to become chief financial officer and senior vice president of the company.	2
Germany Wins Women's Under-19 Soccer Title (AP) AP - Germany won the FIFA Under-19 Women's World Championship on Saturday with a 2-0 victory over China.	1
Whistleblower fears reprisal WASHINGTON -- David Graham says he was surprised by the hugs and slaps on the back he got at his own Food and Drug Administration office after telling Congress the government had let unsafe drugs remain on the market.	2
The start of something big? CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos says start-ups and their innovative ideas are the lifeblood of Silicon Valley.	3
China holds firm over yuan reform Chinese banking officials say they will not rush any moves to ease the yuan from its tight peg against the US dollar.	0
RealNetworks Sells 3 Mln Songs, Ends Download Promo (Reuters) Reuters - RealNetworks Inc.  is ending\its 49 cent-per-song music download service but will keep the\promotional prices in place for top 10 songs, the Internet\media and software company said on Thursday.	3
Watching Bush and Putin THE 59th session of the UN General Assembly got underway in New York yesterday amid growing anxieties over grinding poverty faced by billions of souls and the fuel it provides for terrorism 	0
New Video Game Lets You Kill JFK  quot;JFK Reloaded quot; from Scottish videogame company Traffic Games lets you become Lee Harvey Oswald and recreate the assassination of JFK.	3
Yahoo Unveils Budget Domains Deal Domain hosting and parking services drop in price, rise in capacity to lure small businesses. Trying to attract more small business customers, Yahoo has introduced a new domain name registration service and significantly increased the storage space and ...	2
Chipmakers on the chopping block? Study predicts that industry demands will crush 40 percent of today's semiconductor manufacturers.	3
China to fire Haan Arie Haan will be sacked as China national coach following the nation #39;s early exit from the 2006 Asian World Cup qualifiers according to Chinese officials.	1
UPDATE 1-Huffy files for Chapter 11 Huffy Corp. (HUFC.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy as the bicycle and sporting goods company struggles with mounting losses and a heavy debt load.	2
Bomb explodes at Shiite mosque in Pakistan ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- A bomb exploded Sunday at a Shiite mosque in the eastern city of Lahore, injuring several people, police said.	0
Bush Still Optimistic About Iraq (AP) AP - While a new intelligence estimate offers a gloomy assessment of Iraq's future, President Bush talks instead about brighter days ahead under a new prime minister and the promise of free elections. "Freedom is on the march," he told a campaign rally Thursday.	0
Charlotte Bobcats Pick Up Option on Ely (AP) AP - The Charlotte Bobcats picked up the option on center Melvin Ely for the 2005-06 season.	1
News: India mulls tough ID rules for cybercafs Internet cafs in parts of India face closure if new regulations forcing them to provide police with names and addresses of all their customers are introduced. Under the new rules, visitors to Internet cafs will have to show their ID cards or be photographed.\	3
Shoppers arrive at stores before dawn to get jump on holiday gift &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When the doors finally swung open at 6 am Friday, a cold Eric Tardy of Grand Rapids charged into the Wal-Mart store with a cheer. More than three hours of waiting in the 	2
Xerox #39;s Mulcahy: We #39;re Moving Beyond Documents She sees Xerox becoming more of an information-services firm. Observers are skeptical, but Mulcahy says she #39;ll buy consultancies if necessary.	3
Consumer Inflation in China Is Up, but the Pace Slowed Consumer prices in China unexpectedly rose more slowly in October than in any month since April, as a bountiful harvest led to less-rapid increases in food prices.	2
Men #39;s Basketball: No medal for favorite after upset ATHENS Serbia-Montenegro is shockingly out of medal contention in Olympic men #39;s basketball, and the team #39;s head coach doesn #39;t have many admirers left at home.	1
Tokyo's Nikkei Average Edges Down  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average edged down by the  close on Friday with the market only slowly recovering from  disappointment over machinery orders data a day earlier.	2
Serf's Up in the Video Game Industry Is it a video game maker's lab or a twisted vision out of Charles Dickens's worst coal factory nightmare? A growing number of people can't tell the difference. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	3
Venezuela Raises Taxes on Orinoco Deals &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Pascal Fletcher&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela on Sunday slappedhigher taxes on foreign oil companies operating in its hugeOrinoco heavy crude belt in what President Hugo Chavez called adrive to tighten sovereign control over petroleum resources.&lt;/p&gt;	0
Removing Fannie and Freddie government perks Mortgage giants Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae receive special government perks that yield few benefits for society at large, but create significant potential social costs, according to a new report by the Cato Institute.	2
Shell sets \$45B investment program But stock of major oil company falls on disappointment it did not extend stock buyback program. LONDON (Reuters) - Scandal-hit oil company Royal Dutch/Shell said Wednesday it will invest \$15 billion a year 	2
Air crash hits NASCAR team A plane owned by leading stock car team Hendrick Motorsports has crashed on its way to a NASCAR race in the United States killing all 10 people on board.	1
NCAA case no worry for Spurrier Shortly after Steve Spurrier arrived at Florida in 1990, the Gators were placed on NCAA probation for a year stemming from a child-support payment former coach Galen Hall made for a player.	1
DaimlerChrysler vetoes French plan for single EADS chief PARIS (AFP) - The German-US automaker DaimlerChrysler has shot down plans by French President Jacques Chirac to place a Frenchman as the sole head of the European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company, the Financial Times said.	2
Suicide Bomber Kills 8 Iraqi Police Officers A suicide bomber rammed a minibus packed with explosives into a police station near Baghdad's protected Green Zone on Saturday morning.	0
Microsoft takes down SP2 swappers Microsoft is stopping people getting hold of a key security update via net-based file- sharing systems.	2
Dozens of Iraqi Troops Massacred in Ambush Description: Guerillas dressed as policemen ambush and kill about 50 newly trained Iraqi soldiers in a remote eastern region of Iraq.	0
Manage and sell - Fund managers #39; dual role could affect &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ASSET management companies (AMCs) concede that the immaturity of the Indian mutual fund industry forces fund managers to spend substantial amounts of time in sales activities.	2
Stocks Rise as Insurers Lead Gains  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Tuesday as gains  in insurance stocks and crude oil prices off recent highs  overshadowed a fall in consumer confidence to a 7-month low.	2
EU weighs Iranian nuclear reply Iranian negotiators have responded to a deal struck with EU nations last week about the Islamic state #39;s nuclear programme, reports say.	0
Serbia sends general for war crimes trial Serbia yesterday signalled the start of greater co-operation with the international war crimes tribunal in The Hague, surrendering a former Bosnian Serb general whose troops held Sarajevo under siege during the 1992-1995 Bosnian war.	0
For US team, the night of decision The women gymnasts are favored to make history and win gold Tuesday - a Wheaties box moment waiting to happen.	0
Bush Offers Sympathy at Russian Embassy (AP) AP - President Bush made an unexpected visit to the Russian Embassy on Sunday where he signed a book of condolences for victims of the school hostage seizure and expressed outrage at the actions of "evil terrorists."	0
A Touchy Debate Over Voting With the presidential election less than six weeks away, activists and security experts are ratcheting up concern over the use of touch-screen machines to cast votes.	3
Israel's Sharon: Arafat Will 'Get What He Deserves' (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\on Wednesday renewed his threat to remove Yasser Arafat, saying\the Palestinian president would "get what he deserves."	0
PeopleSoft CEO Conway maintains defiant tone At the company's Connect 2004 event today, PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway maintained the defiant tone he has struck throughout Oracle's 15-month campaign to win control of the company.	3
'EICU' Lets Doctors Monitor Many Patients (AP) AP - Your next doctor could be keeping an eye on you from afar  #151; via a camera and a bank of computer screens. An expanding number of hospitals are adopting technology that allows critical care doctors and nurses to monitor dozens of patients at different hospitals simultaneously, much as an air traffic controller keeps track of several planes.	3
Mismatch Turns Competitive as Henin-Hardenne Faces Rookie What appeared to be a mismatch took a turn for the competitive in the second set before Henin-Hardenne regrouped to win, 6-1, 6-4.	1
Steelers place Riemersma on IR Pittsburgh, PA (Sports Network) - The Pittsburgh Steelers placed tight end Jay Riemersma on injured reserve on Tuesday. Riemersma has a ruptured Achilles which he suffered in Sunday #39;s game against Jacksonville.	1
Web page to help with installation of WIndows anti-hacker security patch Information Technology Systems and Services (ITSS) has created a Web page that will walk Microsoft Windows XP users on campus through a major update being released worldwide this month to make the operating system less vulnerable to computer hackers and ...	3
IBM settles pension case IBM said Wednesday that it had agreed to pay \$320 million to current and former employees to settle in part a class-action lawsuit over its pension plan in a case that may affect millions of workers at many companies and nonprofit organizations.	2
Iran May Extend Partial Nuke Enrichment Freeze  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran's policymakers may decide to extend  its partial freeze on uranium enrichment, a process that can  make fuel for nuclear power plants or weapons, a senior Iranian  official said on Friday.	0
Lucent, Cingular Ink Wireless Deal (AP) AP - Lucent Technologies Inc. signed a four-year agreement to supply equipment for Cingular Wireless' rollout of its nationwide 3G high-speed wireless data system.	3
Prepaid College Plan enrollment begins Monday Stanley G. Tate, Chairman of the Florida Prepaid College Board, announced Friday that the program is expected to top a record one million total plans statewide by the close of this year #39;s enrollment.	2
TV reporter dies in US helicopter strike A TV journalist was shot dead as he made a live broadcast from Baghdad when US helicopters fired on a crowd gathered around the burning wreckage of a US armoured vehicle.	0
Chechen Rebels Offer  #36;20 Million Bounty for Putin (Reuters) Reuters - Chechen rebels, in a swift reply to a\Russian bounty offer for their leaders, promised on Thursday to\give  #36;20 million to anyone helping them to capture President\Vladimir Putin.	0
BMC update aims to nip downtime in the bud Batch scheduler revamp promises to fend off application failures and boosts BMC's service management push.	3
Sharon Expresses Optimism for Upcoming Year Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said Thursday that 2005 will be "a year of great opportunity" in which Israel will have unprecedented chances to make peace with the Palestinians and improve relations with the rest of the world.	0
US Airways to cut pay by 21 percent; Delta warns it #39;s near &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A bankruptcy judge granted US Airways authority yesterday to temporarily cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent, comparing the airline #39;s financial outlook to  quot;a ticking fiscal time bomb.	2
Violent Chilean anniversary. Three people with bullet injuries and over 200 arrests, was the final count of the violent protests in Santiago and other Chilean cities last Saturday, the 31st anniversary of the military coup led by former General Augusto Pinochet.	0
Sony considers adding native mp3 support to its players Some outlets are reporting that Sony has decided to add native mp3 support to its digital music players, but the electronics giant says it has not yet made a final decision.	3
Lindh #39;s killer has jail term confirmed The confessed killer of Swedish Foreign Minister Anna Lindh has had his life jail sentence confirmed by the Supreme Court after he appealed for leniency saying he was mentally ill when he stabbed her.	0
Locke May Stay Longer As Wash. Governor (AP) AP - Lame-duck Gov. Gary Locke may not be limping off into the sunset. If the slugfest between Republican Dino Rossi and Democrat Christine Gregoire doesn't produce a new governor by the scheduled Jan. 12 inauguration, Locke may have to stick around.	0
Suyigama, Rubin, Jankovic upset in first round It was a day of upsets at the Wismilak International yesterday as Ai Sugiyama, Chanda Rubin, and Jelena Jankovic all fell in the first round to unheralded opponents.	1
Workers' Group Says EPA Censors Comments (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency\censored warnings that a Bush administration plan to build\roads in national forests could harm drinking water, a group\representing government workers said on Monday.	3
Iraq Celebrates Surprise Win in Olympics (AP) AP - A stream of red tracer bullets cut through the night sky amid a hail of celebratory gunfire as Iraqis, exhausted from war and unending violence, celebrated their national soccer team's startling 1-0 victory over Australia in the Olympic quarterfinal.	0
Sharon Vows to Escalate Gaza Offensive (AP) AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Sunday to escalate a broad Israeli offensive in northern Gaza, saying troops will remain until Palestinian rocket attacks are halted. Israeli officials said the offensive  #151; in which 58 Palestinians and three Israelis have been killed  #151; will help clear the way for an Israeli withdrawal.	0
UPDATE 1-Van der Vaart stripped of Ajax captaincy Dutch international Rafael van der Vaart was stripped of the Ajax Amsterdam captaincy on Thursday after he refused to play out of position in the Champions League game against Bayern Munich.	1
Lucrative Cash Package Came as Fairchild Reported \$53.2 Million Loss  For Jeffrey J. Steiner, chairman and chief executive of Fairchild Corp., nearly \$2.5 million in salary last year was just the beginning.	2
Are England fans are changing their Toon? IN a desperate attempt to spark some public interest in an England team that appears to be quickly losing its appeal, Sven-Gran Eriksson announced his starting line-up for the friendly against Ukraine at St James #39; Park a day earlier than expected. 	1
Adrenaline Junkie Phelps Losing Sleep at Night  ATHENS (Reuters) - Adrenaline junkie Michael Phelps won his  fourth gold medal of the Athens Olympics Thursday and then  complained he was having trouble sleeping.	1
Arsenal #39;s behaviour worse than Cantona #39;s, says Ferguson Arsenal  quot;got away with murder quot; following the ugly scenes at the end of their stormy match at Manchester United last season, according to United boss Alex Ferguson.	1
Genesis capsule now a \$264M muddy mess In NASA #39;s ideal scenario for cleaning the science payload containing solar particles from the Genesis capsule, the biggest worry had been about contamination from gases in the atmosphere, not from dirt in Utah #39;s west desert.	3
Lanka will depend on Asia Cup momentum Karachi, October 5: Sri Lankan captain Marvan Atapattu said his side must build on their Asia Cup win as they face hosts Pakistan in the tri-series one-day tournament here at the National Stadium tomorrow.	1
SEC Settles with Ahold, Execs The Securities and Exchange Commission has filed enforcement actions against Royal Ahold NV and three former executives, alleging fraud and other violations stemming from the Dutch food giant #39;s massive accounting scandal.	2
Accused US Deserter to Turn Himself In Accused US Army deserter Charles Jenkins said Wednesday he will surrender to the United States to face charges that have dogged him since he vanished from his unit in South Korea 	0
Kazmirs in The Show The Mets didn #39;t consider Scott Kazmir untouchable, trading him away to the Devil Rays, but at times he certainly looked that way last night against Seattle at Safeco Field in his major-league debut.	1
To Forecast Climate Change, Scientists Core Antarctic Ice Braving some of the world's coldest temperatures and wickedest winds, researchers are drilling ice cores in Antarctica to answer questions about global climate change.	3
UN peacekeepers sweep violent Haiti slum PORT-AU-PRINCE (AFP) - UN peacekeepers tried to restore order in one of Haiti #39;s most violent slums, but could not prevent the shooting death of a teenager in downtown Port-au-Prince.	0
Apple unveils new iBook range Apple today released its fastest and most affordable iBooks yet, reducing the entry-level price to just 749. These are available now.	3
Market Underestimates Dell Consumer Electronics Credit Suisse First Boston maintained an  quot;outperform quot; rating for Dell (nasdaq: DELL - news - people ) after the company expanded its line of consumer electronics (CE) products.	3
Windows Media Center survives in shrinkwrap purgatory Microsoft #39;s Media Center has survived the New Year cull, but it now looks set to inhabit the strange zone of purgatory between being a fully-marketed product and the remaindered bin.	3
SpaceShipOne rockets to 5.6m prize IN THE annals of aviation, it will undoubtedly rank alongside such momentous events as the Wright brothers first powered flight in 1903 and Charles Lindberghs transatlantic crossing in 1927.	3
Politics: Both sides eye climbing world oil prices nervously The news that the National party is to hold back on key policy announcements until closer to the election has had a mixed reception.	0
Livewire: Back to School Means Back to Advergames (Reuters) Reuters - Back to school for many kids means\"back to Internet access" in classes where the best of\filtering software is not foolproof, particularly against\seemingly harmless Web sites used for invasive marketing.	3
PalmOne to make Microsoft WindowsMobile Treo? First that team wins that thing, now thisPalmOne (PalmSources biggest customer and maker of the Treo 650) appears it really might be planning to use Microsofts WindowsMobile OS in its Treo line of SmartPhones.	3
Massu beats Dent to reach gold medal match Nicolas Massu beat Taylor Dent of the United States 7-6 (5), 6-1 Friday in the tennis semifinals to move within one victory of giving Chile its first Olympic gold medal in any sport. 	1
Iraq elections still on target despite security concerns BAGHDAD (AFP) - Iraq #39;s landmark January polls looked set to take place as planned, although ongoing violence did nothing to alleviate the security concerns of the proponents of a delay.	0
Target to pay \$1m in item price suit Target Corp. has agreed to pay \$1 million to settle a class-action lawsuit alleging it failed to stamp prices on merchandise, the fourth in a string of agreements over the past two years costing major retailers more than \$8 million in fees and millions more in compliance measures.	2
PeopleSoft keeps up the fight In the shadow of Oracle, PeopleSoft boss Craig Conway seeks to sooth customers during convention keynote.	3
Motorola in 3-year contract extension with Nextel Motorola said on Thursday it has extended for three years a deal to supply Nextel Communications with telecommunications equipment, allaying fears that Sprint buyout of Nextel would threaten the relationship.	2
Fallujah assault sparks Iraq-wide attacks US troops are still fighting to crush resistance in the Iraqi city of Fallujah as rebels hit back with an armed rampage in Mosul and a car bomb that killed 17 people in a crowded Baghdad street.	0
Could Dry Quicksand Explain Desert Disappearances? (Reuters) Reuters - Could people and vehicles that have\mysteriously vanished in the desert have been swallowed up by\shifting sands?	3
Tech Briefs The United Kingdom #39;s Advertising Standards Authority, a self-regulating agency for the advertising industry, upheld complaints alleging that a Microsoft Corp.	3
\$55 Oil Weighs on Shares as Dollar Sags  LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets fell and the  dollar toyed with multi-month lows on Monday as U.S. crude  topped \$55 a barrel and investors prepared for a busy week of  company results.	2
Putin aims to ease business fears Russian President Vladimir Putin says existing business tax probes should not be seen a threat to other companies.	2
Mickelson Switches to Callaway Equipment (AP) AP - It didn't take Masters champion Phil Mickelson long to find a new equipment deal, signing an endorsement contract with Callaway Golf on Tuesday just one week after he left Titleist.	1
US Air Flight Attendants Ready for Strike  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Flight attendants at bankrupt US  Airways Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; have authorized their union to  call a strike should a federal court allow airline management  to void their contract, the Association of Flight Attendants  said on Monday.	2
Schwarzenegger Says He Won't Travel More for Bush (Reuters) Reuters - Popular California Gov. Arnold\Schwarzenegger said on Wednesday he spurned White House\invitations to campaign more widely for President Bush and has\agreed to just one joint appearance.	0
Amazon #39;s British Invasion The moment that DVD rental firms have been dreading is apparently close at hand. Amazon.com (Nasdaq: AMZN) is launching a DVD rental service in the United Kingdom, beating Netflix (Nasdaq: NFLX) -- now officially a rival -- to the punch.	3
MOURINHO TO FACE FAN FURY Jose Mourinho will relish the hostile reception he will receive from the fans who used to adore him when he takes his place in the dug-out at the Estadio Do Dragao.	1
Red Cross deeply concerned by humanitarian law violations in Iraq The International Red Cross is  quot;deeply concerned quot; at the impact of the fighting in Iraq and the apparent failures by all sides to respect humanitarian laws.	0
Arizona Stops San Diego Mustafa Shakur scores 23 points and Ivan Radenovic 20 in 10th-ranked Arizona's often-sloppy 80-69 victory over San Diego Tuesday.	1
Draw Sets Up Reunion in Barcelona Jose Mourinho will take Chelsea to Barcelona, the club where he honed his raw coaching talent, for the most glamorous tie of the first knock-out phase of the Champions League.	1
Sears Canada Board Fires Chair, CEO Cohen HOFFMAN ESTATES, Ill. - Sears Canada fired its top executive Thursday over what it characterized as  quot;strategic differences quot; and enlisted the chief financial officer of parent company Sears, Roebuck and Co.	2
US army 'to axe Halliburton deal' The Pentagon is to end the contract Halliburton has to service US troops in Iraq, the Wall Street Journal reports.	2
Philips to Reduce Value of Stake in MedQuist Royal Philips Electronics said on Wednesday that it would take a \$752 million charge in the fourth quarter to reduce the value of its stake in MedQuist 	2
Freddie Mac Restructuring Mortgage-Securities Operations Freddie Mac will shut down the market-making operations of its securities sales and trading unit as it restructures some mortgage-securities operations, the government-sponsored home-mortgage company said Monday.	2
More encroachment on Microsoft Already facing a threat to its Windows operating system dominance from the open source Linux platform, Microsoft can #39;t be too thrilled to find out this week that its Internet Explorer browser is losing market share to the open source Mozilla offering.	3
Asian countries pledge closer cooperation in fighting against &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Senior diplomats of 17 Asian governments Friday adopted a Catalogue of Confidence Building Measures, declaring their intention to promote closer cooperation in the fight against international terrorism.	0
Delta Gets Letter for \$500 Million Credi Delta Air Lines Inc., the third-largest carrier in the world, said Monday that it signed a commitment letter from GE Commercial Finance to provide \$500 million of financing to the beleaguered airline.	2
Highest Labor Day Pump Prices Expected  NEW YORK (Reuters) - A record number of Americans planning  one last summer road trip this weekend will shell out the  highest Labor Day gasoline prices ever seen, and there's little  relief in sight, experts said on Tuesday.	2
Zijlaard-van Moorsel wins women #39;s road individual time trial ATHENS, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Dutch legendary cyclist Leontien Zijlaard-van Moorsel won women #39;s road individual time trial at Athens Olympics with a time of 31:11.53 on Wednesday, ahead of Deirdre Demet-Barry of United States and Karin Thuerig of ...	1
Enron #39;s chief financial officer resigns NEW YORK - Enron Corp. Friday said Chief Financial Officer Raymond Brown resigned to pursue other job opportunities and will be replaced on an interim basis by Robert Bingham.	2
Sudanese governor accuses rebels of rape Khartoum - A top official in Sudan #39;s war-torn Darfur region accused rebels of attacking villages and raping women in what he said was a new violation of a fragile ceasefire, a newspaper reported on Sunday.	0
Bush applauds Iraq debt cuts US President George Bush today applauded the decision by the so-called Paris Club of creditor nations to slash 80 per cent of the money Iraq owed them and urged non-member countries to do the same.	0
Delta seeks permission to buy back certain bonds NEW YORK, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines (DAL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it was asking permission to buy back debt from about 10 percent of its bondholders, in a first step toward the struggling company #39;s efforts to restructure its ...	2
Google launches new Web site for readers, publishers (AFP) AFP - Leading Web search engine Google launched a new site for book lovers at the world's largest publishing show that will provide a new avenue for sales.	3
Timeline of the Pacers-Pistons brawl Here is a look at the series of events in the brawl Friday night involving the Indiana Pacers, Detroit Pistons and fans at The Palace in Auburn Hills, Mich.	1
Nov Retail Sales Edge Up as Car Sales Dip  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. retail sales rose 0.1 percent  in November, the Commerce Department said on Monday in a  stronger-than-expected report that cemented views the Federal  Reserve will raise interest rates again this week.	2
Inflamed brain link to autism Scientists have produced compelling evidence that autism may in some cases be linked to inflammation of the brain.	0
Google Cuts Its IPO Price Range SAN JOSE, Calif. - In a sign that Google Inc.'s initial public offering will not be as hot or big as expected, the Internet search giant reduced the number of shares to be sold by insiders and slashed its estimated per-share price range...	0
Pakistan ready to provide military aid to Nepal: Aziz Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said here Tuesday that Pakistan is ready to provide military assistance to Nepal if Nepal demands.	0
Eurozone frets over rising euro, stability pact (AFP) AFP - European finance ministers expressed concern at  quot;excess volatility quot; in currency rates in talks that also took in the vexed question of reforms to the eurozone's tattered budget rules.	2
MCI reports \$3.4 billion loss WASHINGTON - MCI Inc. on Thursday reported a \$3.4 billion third-quarter loss as it wrote down the value of its assets due to a withering price war for long-distance telephone service.	2
The Disparate Consensus on Health Care for All Among health care experts there is a surprising consensus that the U.S. must inevitably adopt some kind of universal coverage.	2
General Mills Cereals Going Whole Grain  NEW YORK (Reuters) - General Mills Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GIS.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2  U.S. cereal maker behind Kellogg Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=K.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;K.N&lt;/A&gt;, on Thursday said  all its breakfast cereals would now be made with whole grain as  it seeks to promote healthy eating habits.	2
AOL to Adapt WebEx Services for AIM Consumers Voice over IP, online presentations, and multiparty video conferencing under consideration.	3
Davenport Is Too Strong for Venus Williams ll the emotion Venus Williams crammed into staving off elimination against Lindsay Davenport at the United States Open last night saved the 25th edition of their rivalry from being a dud.	1
Lampard warning for tricky #39; quest FRANK LAMPARD has warned England they need to be  quot;spot on quot; in terms of their approach to avoid a potential banana skin in Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifier in Azerbaijan.	1
Koh #39;s Death Triggers Speculation on NK Successor In the wake of reports that Koh Young-hee, the wife of North Korean leader Kim Jong-il, passed away earlier this month, experts are attempting to weigh the impact her death could have on 	0
Lawmakers Move Toward Deal on Storm Aid (AP) AP - House-Senate bargainers neared agreement Friday on an election-season  #36;14.7 billion package of aid for East Coast hurricane victims and drought-stricken farmers, participants said.	0
Syria to move troops in Lebanon Syrian troops are about to redeployed in Lebanon, three weeks after a UN motion urged their withdrawal.	0
 #39;Merry Chrismukkah! #39; cards proclaim KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Every December, Zack and Hilary Rudman used to send out nonsectarian cards with winter scenes and generic holiday greetings.	2
The Economy Is Killing Overtime NEW YORK - The effect of new US overtime rules that go into effect today are the subject of intense dispute between labor groups and the Bush administration.	2
A rebounding L.A. department launches second PeopleSoft rollout Using lessons learned from a difficult implementation four years ago, the city of Los Angeles is finding an easier time in its second major rollout of PeopleSoft software.	3
Terps Start Slow, Erupt Maryland's potent offense erupts in the second half, scoring three goals in a four-minute span, as the Terrapins defeat Hofstra, 4-0, in an NCAA soccer tournament second-round game Tuesday night.	1
Westwood Tough to Beat at Ryder Cup (AP) AP - Lee Westwood strolled to his car with his chest out, head high and a big smile.	1
New AOL Software Gives Added Security Service provider revamps spam and spyware defenses, offers account lock to members.	3
Typhoon Fades Over Northeastern Japan, Leaves 5 Dead (Update1) Central Japan #39;s strongest typhoon in a decade left at least five people dead and five others missing as it swept through the region, halting air and rail operations before losing strength off the Pacific coast northeast of Tokyo.	0
Early sea spider flashes pincers Scientists reconstruct a sea spider from the faint imprint it left when it fossilised 425 million years ago.	3
Verizon: No Imminent Plan for Sprint Bid  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Verizon Communications Inc. has  eyed a potential acquisition of Sprint Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FON.N&lt;/A&gt;, but has  no imminent plans to make a bid, people familiar with the  situation said on Tuesday.	2
IBM, AMD Find Way to Improve Chip Performance We #39;ve known about  quot;strained silicon quot; for a while--but now there #39;s a better way to do it. Straining silicon improves chip performance.	3
Legacy of blood trails bandit kings life of crime in India NEW DELHIRobin Hood or brutal brigand, the legend of Indias most wanted man, will no doubt live on. Koose Muniswamy Veerappan and three accomplices fell Monday 	0
McDonald's Profits Surge on U.S. Sales McDonald's rode strong U.S. sales to a 38 percent increase, its fifth straight quarter of increased profits since snapping out of a slump last year.	2
Solidarity sit-in They clean hotel rooms, tend bars, cook meals, and wait tables at many of Boston's prestigious hotels and universities, an army of mostly immigrant and low-wage workers that labors behind the scenes.	2
Tokyo Stocks Dip, Focus on Data Japanese stocks edged lower by midday on Monday with confidence in the domestic economic outlook failing to offset profit-taking that hit recent gainers such as insurers and telecom stocks including KDDI Corp.	2
Dollar Near Lows After Sharp Slide  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar languished near its lowest  level against the euro in over seven months as recent  lackluster data and soaring oil prices raised doubts over the  United States' growth outlook.	2
Man dies after pet hamster bites him A man died from asthma after being bitten several times by his pet hamster in a city north of Tokyo, the Mainichi Shimbun reported Tuesday.	3
Anglicans Criticize U.S. Church on Gays LONDON - An Anglican commission sharply criticized the U.S. Episcopal Church on Monday for consecrating a gay bishop and called on the Americans to apologize...	0
Ricky Williams Wants to Rejoin the Dolphins By The Associated Press. Ricky Williams wants to rejoin the Miami Dolphins and has asked the National Football League how soon he can return, his agent said yesterday.	1
Bank keeps interest rates on hold THE Bank of England #39;s monetary policy committee kept Britain #39;s 11m homebuyers, businesses and the City happy today when it left interest rates on hold at 4.75 for the second month in a row.	2
Treasuries Edge Down as Oil Retreat  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices edged lower on  Friday as oil prices retreated from record highs, but trading  was thin as a dearth of data prompted many investors to take  off for an early weekend.	2
Hynix to build chip plant in China South Korean memory-chip maker Hynix Semiconductor Inc. announced Wednesday that it reached an agreement to construct a wafer fabrication plant (fab) to manufacture chips in Wuxi, China.	3
Newman Wins at Dover Ryan Newman resuscitates his fragile title hopes by winning the MBNA America 400 on another day of dizzying scoreboard watching.	1
BHP #39;s Shenzi-3 Well Finds Oil in US Gulf of Mexico (Update1) BHP Billiton, Australia #39;s biggest oil and gas producer, said a second appraisal well at its Shenzi discovery in the Gulf of Mexico found oil, increasing the likelihood the field can be commercially developed.	2
Report: Japan May Sanction Citibank (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's financial regulators may suspend\or even end some private banking operations at the Japanese\commercial banking unit of U.S. financial services firm\Citigroup Inc., the Nihon Keizai newspaper said on Thursday.	2
Marlins belt three homers en route to 8-6 victory over Expos Bringing an appropriate end to their odd stay, Jeff Conine drove in the go-ahead run with a walk and the Marlins beat the Montreal Expos 8-6 Tuesday for a sweep of their miniseries at US Cellular Field.	1
Policemen injured after fight 14/11/2004 A police inspector, two sergeants and two constables were hospitalised after being slightly injured when they went to investigate a fight in Paceville.	0
Debate On Turkey #39;s Prospects Dominates Run-Up To Summit At a summit this week, European Union leaders must decide when and how to begin membership talks with Turkey. That the summit will approve opening entry talks with Ankara is a forgone conclusion.	0
Ex-CIA Chief Gates Warns on Cyberterror Cyberterrorism could be the most devastating weapon of mass destruction yet and could cripple the U.S. economy, former CIA Director Robert Gates said at a terrorism conference Saturday.	3
Soya boom threat to South America Some of South America's key areas are at risk from soya bean exports, campaigners say.	3
Contractors Form Standards Group Some of the Pentagon's largest contractors, including Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp., will begin a joint effort today to encourage development of technology standards that will ensure weapons systems of the future can communicate with each other. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
Oil Prices Rise as Supply Concerns Linger  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices rose on Thursday as  concerns over a supply shortage after Hurricane Ivan persisted  despite news the U.S. will loan some oil from its reserves to  refineries to make up for lost production.	2
Gene test to track illegal ivory A genetic test that can determine the origin of ivory could help combat the illegal trade in elephant tusks and their products.	3
Karzai dismisses powerful military governor ahead of Afghan polls KABUL - Afghan President Hamid Karzai dismissed a powerful warlord from his post as provincial governor Saturday in the latest move to solidify the central governments control of wayward provinces ahead of Octobers landmark polls.	0
UPDATE 1-Freddie Mac to start payments to former CEO US mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said on Friday it began payments to former Chief Executive Leland Brendsel after a court ruled regulators could not freeze his compensation pending investigation into an accounting 	2
Small changes, big profits Staples Inc. hosted a daylong event last week for analysts who follow the company #39;s stock, laying out plans to keep growing in the immediate future and beyond.	2
Hitachi to release 100GB hard drives for notebooks Hitachi Global Storage Technologies Inc. (HGST) announced the availability of 2.5-inch hard drives with capacities up to 100GB for notebook computers by the end of 2004, the company said on Tuesday.	3
Halliburton posts loss, meagre pickings in Iraq HOUSTON, Texas, Oct 26 (AFP) - Halliburton, the oil services giant once run by US Vice President Dick Cheney, Tuesday reported a quarterly loss and only meagre pickings from its vast operations in Iraq.	2
Glenmorangie in takeover talks Whisky distiller Glenmorangie said it was in talks with a number of potential suitors about a takeover. The firm, one of the largest remaining independent companies in the Scotch whisky industry, said it was 	2
Web shoppers open their wallets wider Web sites racked up \$17.6 billion in retail sales in the third quarter, according to estimates released Friday by the US Commerce Department.	2
Notes: Oswalt to make next start The sore rib cage muscle that caused Roy Oswalt to leave Friday #39;s game in the eighth inning won #39;t keep him from making his next start Wednesday night at San Francisco.	1
Columnists: Closed Source Hardware Trust with hardware vendors for open source systems is becoming a one-way street, where in exchange for support they offer a closed source binary solution with no provision to audit security.	3
Afghan elections - hoping for the best On the verge of historic presidential elections in Afghanistan, everybody is braced for the worst. Yet, on the last day of campaigning Wednesday, the threats from the Taliban 	0
Video phones act as dating tools 3G video mobiles could be the perfect match for lonely-hearts looking for love.	3
Palestinians Grieve Over Arafat's Death (AP) AP - Palestinians at home and abroad wept, waved flags and burned tires Thursday in an eruption of grief at the death of Yasser Arafat, the man they consider the father of their nation. The quick appointment of successors did little to dispel the huge question marks now hanging over Mideast peace efforts.	0
A success in the pool and out Indianapolis, Oct. 12 - The pool where swimmers set four world records, where America #39;s most honored Olympic swimmer Jenny Thompson said goodbye, is all gone.	1
Maryland's Technology Future Julie Coons, the president of the Technology Council of Maryland, discusses the organization and the region's technology community.	3
China to Decide Curbs After August Data  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China's central bank said it was  considering further measures to rein in growth in the world's  seventh-largest economy, but would take a hard look at August  economic data before making any decisions.	2
Skepticism accompanies tribunal vote Chem Mey has been waiting a quarter century for Khmer Rouge leaders to be brought to trial.  quot;I #39;m happy about the news, but I cannot yet put my heart to believe it will 	0
Philippines storm toll over 900 as new typhoon hits MANILA: Over 900 people were dead or missing after a storm triggered landslides and floods in the Philippines this week, rescuers announced on Thursday as a new and even more powerful typhoon approached the main island of Luzon.	0
Taking it easy to the top A WHY-WORRY attitude to three dropped shots on two early holes set up young NSW player Kurt Barnes to rocket to the top of the Australian Open leaderboard yesterday.	1
Sosa fined \$87,400 by Cubs Sammy Sosa was fined \$87,400 -- one day #39;s salary -- for arriving late to the Cubs #39; regular-season finale at Wrigley Field and leaving the game early.	1
Ellis says contract extension very, very close #39; #39; Defensive end Shaun Ellis and the New York Jets are  quot;real, real close quot; to an agreement on a contract extension. Ellis said Sunday that as far as he knew, there was no final agreement.	1
HP Embraces Open Source as Well as Linux (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - HP's worldwide director of Linux marketing sees HP embracing open-source software and exploring the Linux desktop.	3
Philips Leads Europe Shares Up; ARM Down  LONDON (Reuters) - Philips Electronics, a rally on Wall  Street, and tamer oil prices lifted European shares on Monday,  but trading volumes and corporate news are remain thinned by  the holidays.	2
Singh on top of the world, and he got there quietly THOUSAND OAKS -- Anonymity is only a problem if you want it to be, and it is obvious Vijay Singh doesn #39;t want it to be. Let others chase fame.	1
MOUSE MADE OVITZ CHEESY DEAL Hollywood dealmaker Michael Ovitz quietly got a very stingy options package before joining Walt Disney - because insiders thought he might flop.	2
Second-Ranked Auburn Downs Alabama  TUSCALOOSA, Ala. (Sports Network) - Jason Campbell passed  for 224 yards and a touchdown, Courtney Taylor caught four  passes for 89 yards and a score, and No. 2 Auburn overcame a  slow start to beat Southeastern Conference rival Alabama,  21-13, in the 69th Iron Bowl.	1
Contractor Maximus Subpoenaed  Maximus Inc., which manages federal programs for state and local governments, disclosed yesterday that federal prosecutors have subpoenaed records connected to Medicaid reimbursement claims it prepared for the District.	3
For USC, repeat road is tougher LOS ANGELES -- The giddy head coach jumped up and down on the sideline like he #39;d just won the lottery. Walking into the room for his postgame press conference, he gave athletics director Mike Garrett a long 	1
Charges over Sudan 'coup plot' Some 28 people are charged with trying to overthrow Sudan's President Bashir, reports say.	0
US consumer prices increase 0.6 percent in October Consumer prices in the United States increased by 0.6 percent in October, the biggest gain in five months, the US Labor Department reported on Wednesday.	2
Santander To Cut 3,000 Jobs at Abbey Spanish Bank Santander Central Hispano intends to cut about 3,000 jobs at Britain #39;s Abbey National if its proposed acquisition of the British bank is completed.	2
Ask Jeeves and Lycos Enter the Search Engine Optimization Field Ask Jeeves and Lycos Enter the Search Engine Optimization Field\\In a highly surprising move, two well known smaller search engines have entered the organic search engine optimization market!  Ask Jeeves and Lycos are both offering services in a sector has traditionally maintained a symbiotic but arm's-length relationship with search ...	3
Stern action against northeast terror: Indian official India #39;s Home Minister Shivraj Patil Sunday said stern action would be taken to deal with a spurtin terrorist attacks in the country #39;s northeast, where 53 people were killed 	0
The Sims 2 FINALLY, after a gaggle of expansion packs, the sequel to The Sims has landed, and those who enjoyed the original are in for a treat.	3
Kidd to Make Season Debut Versus Raptors (Reuters) Reuters - New Jersey guard\Jason Kidd is expected to make his season debut Monday, when\the Nets host the Toronto Raptors at Continental Airlines\Arena.	1
5 EU states sign declaration on gendarmerie force Five European Union (EU) member states signed a declaration of intent here Friday for a European gendarmerie force, marking a new milestone in the bloc #39;s road to independent defense building.	0
Government attacked for not backing Silverstone By Christopher Hope, Business Correspondent (Filed: 05/10/2004). British motor racing legend Sir Jackie Stewart yesterday attacked the Government for not allowing a 16m fund for the motorsport industry to 	1
Next Version of Windows for PC #39;s to Ship in 2006 icrosoft laid out its plan yesterday for shipping the next version of its Windows operating system for personal computers in 2006, but to meet its timetable the company has scaled back its technological ambitions for the product.	3
Fergie Favours Fan Power Sir Alex Ferguson reckons the Old Trafford crowd will have a big bearing on the outcome of tomorrows Manchester derby. Often derided for their lack of passion, the United fans have 	1
Troops capture rebel stronghold in Manipur (Reuters) Reuters - Indian troops have captured an important rebel stronghold in Manipur, close to the border with Myanmar, the army said on Saturday.	0
Tennis: Kuznetsova Advances to China Open Quarterfinals US Open tennis champion Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia has advanced to the quarterfinals of the China Open tennis tournament in Beijing with a hard-fought win over China #39;s Li Na.	1
Marlins-Cubs Washed Out Saturday as Well  MIAMI (Sports Network) - The first two games of the Florida  Marlins-Chicago Cubs series at Pro Player Stadium scheduled for  Friday and Saturday have been postponed due to the impending  arrival of Hurricane Frances in the Miami area.	1
EU Calls on Israel to End Aggression on northern Gaza Immediately The European Union, called yesterday on the Israeli government to end its ongoing aggression on the Gaza Strip immediately, maintaining that Israel has the right to defend itself.	0
Polish walker wins fourth Olympic gold Robert Korzeniowski of Poland added to his record collection of gold medals in race walking with his unprecedented third consecutive Olympic victory Friday in the 50-kilometer walk.	1
Zvonareva ends Capriati #39;s season PHILADELPHIA (Ticker) - Vera Zvonareva and Jennifer Capriati both needed to win their quarterfinal match at the \$585,000 Advanta Championships to keep alive hopes of a berth for the WTA Tour Championships.	1
College Football Wrap: Syracuse, Virginia Tech Win CHESTNUT HILL, Mass. (Sports Network) - Diamond Ferri and Damien Rhodes each rushed for over 100 yards and combined to score four touchdowns as Syracuse routed 17th-ranked Boston College, 43-17, in Big East action at Alumni Stadium.	1
US FCC: High Speed Internet and television Yesterday, Michael Powell, US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman said that technology and telecommunications companies are working on ways to develop pipe television shows to consumers #39; homes via high-speed Internet lines.	3
Johnson Controls Profit Up 25 Percent Johnson Controls Inc. on Tuesday said its fourth-quarter profit rose 25 percent, helped by a lower tax rate and decreased miscellaneous net expenses.	2
Floridians Return to Storm-Ravaged Homes PUNTA GORDA, Fla. - After getting a first look at the widespread damage left behind by Hurricane Charley, Florida residents were faced with the arduous task of sorting through the wreckage, and for some, starting over again...	0
Firepower rests with Bucknell Holy Cross coach Ralph Willard had his eye on Kevin Bettencourt three years ago, but the former Peabody High star opted for Bucknell. Now Bettencourt figures as a prominent road block for the Crusaders to return to the pinnacle of the Patriot League.	1
Short-Term Rate Futures Sink on Jobs Data (Reuters) Reuters - Short-term interest rate futures\plunged on Friday after U.S. October jobs growth was far above\median Wall Street expectations, raising the chances of a\Federal Reserve rate increase in December.	2
Philosopher of language dies Philosopher Jacques Derrida, founder of deconstructionism, has died aged 74 of pancreatic cancer. Deconstructionism is a kind of critical thinking or mode of analysis.	0
After upset, Halkia must hurdle skeptics In another era, say as far back as the pre-BALCO days, it would have been a wonderful moment. The host country #39;s new hero, a rising star, sets an Olympic 	1
Oracle v. PeopleSoft Trial Closes All eyes are on a Delaware Chancery Court judge now that Oracle #39;s lawsuit against PeopleSoft closed Friday. The two-weeks #39; worth of testimony centered on Oracle #39;s request that PeopleSoft (Quote, Chart) remove its Customer Assurance Program (CAP).	2
Rounding into form A word about Angels in the outfield, and we're not talking about the Hollywood original with Paul Douglas and Keenan Wynn, or the remake with Christopher Lloyd and Danny Glover. This is about the Anaheim fly-chasers, the ones who have not had a moment's peace since alighting on the Fens.	1
Governor Pledges to Ban Violent Video Games for Minors Governor Rod Blagojevich wants Illinois to be the first state to make it illegal to sell violent video games to minors. Currently the law does not prohibit selling or renting violent and sexually explicit games to children younger than 18.	3
Hamas Gunmen Vow More Attacks on Israel JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip Oct. 2, 2004 - Israeli troops and aircraft hit hard at Palestinian militants Saturday, killing at least 10 on the third bloody day of a massive Israeli incursion into the 	0
Shaukat Aziz to be sworn next week ISLAMABAD: Pakistan #39;s Finance Minister Shaukat Aziz, a former banker credited with its economic reforms, will take over as prime minister next week following his thumping National Assembly by-election victories on Wednesday. 	0
Brown to Start Sunday Against Red Sox (AP) AP - Kevin Brown will return to the New York Yankees' rotation Sunday to start the series finale against the Boston Red Sox.	1
Four Palestinians Killed in Gaza Air Strikes (Reuters) Reuters - Israel killed four Palestinians in air\strikes late on Sunday and early Monday during a raid on a\militant stronghold in southern Gaza, medics and witnesses\said.	0
Pyongyang threatens nuclear fire for Japan North Korea threatened yesterday to turn Japan into a  quot;nuclear sea of fire quot; if it comes under attack from the United States.	0
Press Row: A-Rod earns his stripes com. Alex Rodriguez had yet to prove to Yankees fans that he was worth his hefty price tag before this American League Division Series against the Twins.	1
Credit still a mystery to most NEW YORK - Americans are woefully ignorant about credit scores, a consumer group found, even though these measures of credit risk affect everything from the interest people pay on mortgages to whether they qualify for insurance.	2
Apple ships Mac OS X update The 26MB upgrade to version 10.3.6 is available now via the OS #39; Software Update control panel and from Apple #39;s support web site.	3
WordsWorth Books' final chapter is Saturday WordsWorth Books, a fixture in Harvard Square for nearly three decades, will be closing its doors Saturday after its owners failed to find an investor to help them refinance their bankrupt company.	2
Edwards' Down-Home Style Fills a Gap for Kerry (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic Sen. John Edwards\wasn't born a millionaire, and he doesn't let voters forget\that.	0
Iraq's Sistani Arrives in Najaf; 74 Dead in Attacks  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Iraq's most revered cleric arrived  in Najaf Thursday to try to end a bloody three-week uprising as  tensions were inflamed by attacks on Shi'ite marchers that  killed at least 74 people and wounded 315.	0
Harry Potter IP claim pinned down on the beaches Tour company shows Warner Brothers the Churchill spirit	3
Panel: Robot Won't Save Hubble A report commissioned by NASA says the space agency won't succeed in its plans to send a robot to repair the ailing Hubble Space Telescope. Send humans instead, the report's authors recommend. By Amit Asaravala.	3
France's Testud Pulls Out of U.S. Open (AP) AP - Sandrine Testud of France pulled out of the U.S. Open on Sunday because of an injured right foot.	1
Brazil upset in Ecuador China eliminated Ecuador upset Brazil 1-0 Wednesday to send the World Cup champions to their first loss in qualifying for the 2006 tournament, and it cost them the top spot in South America #39;s World Cup qualifying.	1
Israel Cabinet Agrees to Free Jailed Palestinians  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israel's cabinet agreed on Sunday to  free dozens of Palestinian prisoners in a move meant to show  goodwill ahead of elections to replace Yasser Arafat, officials  said.	0
Wily Devers snares spot in semifinals ATHENS -- The US women #39;s trio of 100-meter sprinters, including five-time Olympian Gail Devers, all raced into the semifinals with strong, controlled performances yesterday in the debut of the track and ...	1
AMD, IBM extend chip development deal Chipmaker will pay Big Blue nearly \$300 million, but move should help in competition with Intel.	3
Can Williams Derail the Klitschko Express? 08.12.04 - By Paul Ruby - thepaulrubyhotmail.com -Although I do not agree with The Ring Magazines decision to anoint Vitali Klitschko as Heavyweight Champion of the World, I must admit I believe he is superior to every other heavyweight on the planet.	1
Record crowd witnesses India-Kenya match London, Sep 12.(PTI): The ICC Champions Trophy cricket match between India and Kenya at the Rose Bowl, Southampton, made a record of sorts as it was attended by a crowd of about 12,000, the highest for any match at the ground.	1
IBM announces eServer i5 550 The eServer i5 550 comes with a feature called the  quot;Solution Edition, quot; which is apparently available with certain Independent Software Vendors. The eServer i5, allegedly, has new ways to handle and optimise multiple operating system sthrough the ...	3
Bhuttos husband released from jail KARACHI, Pakistan - After eight years in jail on corruption charges, the husband of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was released on bail Monday, an official said, in a move the government heralded as a step toward political harmony with her 	0
Altiris Falls 7 Percent Before Bell Shares of Altiris Inc. (ATRS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) fell 7 percent before the opening bell on Tuesday a day after it posted disappointing earnings.	2
Aid Afghan democrats Afghan President Hamid Karzai dodged death three weeks ago when Taliban fighters fired a rocket at him in Gardez. Yesterday, his running mate in Saturday #39;s national election, Ahmad Zia Masood, barely survived a Taliban bomb in Faizabad.	0
Mets to interview Backman The Mets may reach back into one of their most successful eras in their manager search. Wally Backman, the sparkplug second baseman on the 1986 championship team 	1
AT amp;T Lowers Price of Residential VoIP Service Starting tomorrow, AT amp;T Corp. will sell its residential VoIP service for \$5 less than an earlier promotional offer as it prepares for the holiday sales season.	3
El Guerrouj and Kaouch Lead Into 1,500 Final  ATHENS (Reuters) - Moroccan duo Hicham El Guerrouj and Adil  Kaouch led the way into the Olympic men's 1,500 meters final  when they each won one of Saturday's semi-finals.	1
Beyond Fallujah The battle of Fallujah, the most significant of the Iraq war since the fall of Baghdad, is a huge military success for US forces. But it #39;s not clear now, nor will it be for some time - perhaps not until elections 	0
Dali aide convicted of 'touch-up' A former of British assistant of Salvador Dali is convicted of doctoring one of the surrealist's paintings.	0
Acquaintances hope drugs aren #39;t cause HOUSTON -- Former National League MVP Ken Caminiti #39;s death came as a shock to those who believed the former slugger was turning his life around after being released from jail last week on a 2001 drug charge.	1
Colorado State Limits Alcohol at Stadium (AP) AP - Following the death of a female student and two off-campus riots, Colorado State University officials on Thursday said alcohol sales for most of its football stadium would be suspended until at least Feb. 1.	1
Computerworld names Betts executive editor, Connors, VP/GM for online Computerworld has named Mitch Betts as its new executive editor and hired Martha Connors for the newly created job of vice president and general manager for the company's online business.	3
Sperm Stem Cells Are Grown Outside Body Scientists have succeeded in growing outside the body the special stem cells that direct the remarkably prolific process of sperm production.	3
Helicopter fleet escorts Karzai to rally Ghazni, Afghanistan - A fleet of helicopters escorted by fighter jets flew Afghanistan #39;s President Hamid Karzai to a rare campaign rally outside Kabul on Tuesday just days ahead of landmark elections.	0
NZ coach launches pre-game tirade New Zealand coach John Bracewell did his best yesterday to create a siege mentality for the Chappell-Hadlee Trophy decider in Brisbane today by accusing the media and the Gabba curator of skulduggery.	1
Kite rallies for share of lead at SBC Championship Tom Kite #39;s opening round in the SBC Championship on Friday didn #39;t look like much at the turn. Nine holes later, he was tied for lead.	1
New Device: Flying Robot Seiko Epson hopes the tiny robot will help in security, disaster and rescue and space exploration. Also: Apple recalls batteries from its 15-inch PowerBook G4 laptops   hellip;. Sony unveils eight new flat-screen TVs   hellip;. and more.	2
Sony Taps nVidia for  #39;Cell #39; Console Graphics Dean McCarron of Mercury Research said console designers are focusing on multicore, multi-threading technology that can allow multiple programs to run efficiently at the same time.	3
Spain #39;s Jimenez wins Golf HK Open Spain #39;s Miguel Angel Jimenez carded a four-under 66 in the final round to total 14-under 266 to win the Omega Hong Kong Open, his third victory in Asia this year.	1
Drive to Nab Last German Nazis to Begin in January (Reuters) Reuters - The Nazi-hunting Simon Wiesenthal Center\will begin a campaign in January to flush out the last\surviving Nazi war criminals in Germany, the head of the\center's Jerusalem office said Sunday.	0
Six more bodies found in Mosul US forces uncovered more bodies in the northern city of Mosul on Friday, apparent victims of an intimidation campaign by insurgents against Iraq #39;s fledgling security forces.	0
Colts Edge Vikings Mike Vanderjagt kicks a 35-yard field goal with two seconds left to lift the Colts over the Vikings, 31-28, on Monday night.	1
Calpers president voted out Sean Harrigan was ousted as president of the \$177 billion California Public Employees #39; Retirement System (Calpers). In a 3-2 vote in San Francisco, the California state personnel board pulled Harrigan from Calpers where he had served for five years.	2
How to Learn a Language I've been a linguophile for a long time, and I'm always studying a little bit of some language or another. However, it's only recently that I've finally figured out the way that works best for me, with the help of modern technology. Perhaps this might help those of you who have been planning on learning a language some day.  	3
Gas prices top \$2 a gallon in state It's back: \$2 gasoline. After sliding steadily from late June through the Labor Day weekend, the average price for a gallon of self-serve unleaded gasoline in Massachusetts was back up to \$2.01 yesterday, according to the most recent survey by the American Automobile Association. The nationwide average also crossed over the \$2 threshold between Sunday and yesterday, AAA said.	2
Gunmen Assassinate Baghdad Governor - Police (Reuters) Reuters - Baghdad governor Ali al-Haidri was\assassinated by gunmen in the capital on Tuesday, police and\hospital sources said.	0
U.S. Says Iran Nuke Freeze Offer a Ploy  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran said on Friday it might extend its  partial freeze of uranium enrichment in order to ease Western  fears about its nuclear ambitions but a U.S. official dismissed  this as a ploy to fend off tough U.N. action.	0
Four Southern Californians charged in counterfeit software case LOS ANGELES -- Four Southern California residents pleaded innocent to conspiring to distribute more than \$30 million in counterfeit computer software and products, authorities said.	3
Wanadoo Teams with Loudeye to Extend Music Service (Reuters) Reuters - Wanadoo has signed a deal with U.S.-based\digital media firm Loudeye  to bring its online music\service to subscribers in the Netherlands and Spain, the\Internet division of France Telecom  said on Tuesday.	3
Stuttgart stays unbeaten FRANKFURT, Germany -- Stuttgart stretched its unbeaten record and defeated Borussia Dortmund 2-0 to go to the top of the German league while newcomer Mainz stunned defending champion Werder Bremen 2-1 to jump to third place.	1
Zimbabwe opposition poll boycott Zimbabwe's main opposition party say they will not take part in elections unless major reforms are made.	0
Fidel Castro Falls Down Cuban leader Fidel Castro broke his knee and fractured his arm after falling down on a stage. The 78-year-old had just finished a speech at a graduation ceremony.	0
Northern Ireland talks grind on through night LEEDS CASTLE, England : Talks to restore home rule to Northern Ireland ground on as British Prime Minister Tony Blair and Ireland #39;s Bertie Ahern pushed rival Catholic and Protestant parties toward a lasting peace deal.	0
CORRECTED - Reuters to make Bangalore biggest employment hub (Reuters) Reuters - In BANGALORE story headlined "Reuters to make Bangalore biggest employment hub", please read in second paragraph ... its workforce of 14,700 ... instead of ... 14,900 (corrects number).	0
Big East Sets Schedule The Big East Conference announces its schedule plans for next season when it expands to 16 teams. The conference will retain a one-division regular season structure.	1
Carriers attempt to stay afloat  #39;Reaching a preliminary pilot agreement is the single most important hurdle they have to clear, but certainly not the only one.	2
Merck Disagrees With Vioxx Analysis Pharmaceutical company Merck  amp; Co.  quot;strongly quot; disagreed Thursday with the conclusions of a Food and Drug Administration-funded study that said use of the company #39;s arthritis pain reliever Vioxx increased the risk of heart attack.	2
Comets to miss 1st WNBA playoffs HOUSTON -- For the first time in franchise history, the Houston Comets will not be part of the WNBA postseason. Tangela Smith had 17 points and six rebounds for the Sacramento Monarchs, who used a 12-0 run 	1
Suzuka: not for the faint-hearted Along with Spa, the Japanese circuit is one of the toughest of the year. The drivers cannot afford the slightest mistake but can make a real difference.	1
Throw lands pitcher in jail Incidents between baseball players and fans have long been part of the game. But they seem to be getting uglier with each year, and an imbroglio Monday night in Oakland, Calif.	1
Dangerfield in Coma After Heart Surgery LOS ANGELES - Rodney Dangerfield has been in a coma for a couple of weeks after undergoing heart surgery, but has begun to show some awareness, his wife said Monday.    The 82-year-old comedian was stable and had been breathing on his own for 24 hours, Joan Dangerfield said in a statement released by the comic's publicist, Kevin Sasaki...	0
Red Sox owners fielding more nongame revenue Keeping the faith, Susan Forbes called the Red Sox a month ago to book Fenway Park for a postseason party.	2
Russia in shock as hostage drama follows suicide blast MOSCOW, Russia -- Russia was in shock Wednesday as an armed group took more than 200 people hostage at a school near Chechnya just hours after a suicide bomber killed 11 people and injured dozens outside a busy Moscow subway station.	0
McDowell and Price share Heritage lead, as Monty and Poulter miss WOBURN, England (PA) -- And so there were two. After the second round Friday, Padraig Harrington and David Howell are the only members of the European Ryder Cup team left in the Heritage Tournament at Woburn.	1
Save The Whales! Then What? AP DE BON DESIR, Quebec, Aug. 11 - A few miles from this spit along the pink granite coast of the Gulf of St. Lawrence, there is a sheltered cove that has witnessed the full span of the human relationship with whales. 	3
Alitalia Stock Soars As Hopes Rise on Deal (AP) AP - Alitalia's shares soared Tuesday as hopes increased that the struggling carrier and labor unions might clinch a deal on a relaunch plan aimed at saving the company before a deadline Wednesday.	2
Stocks Set to Open Up After Reports  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set to open higher on  Tuesday after an economic report showed U.S. consumer prices  dropped in July for the first time in eight months and another  report said U.S. housing starts rebounded sharply in July.	2
Houston vs. Indianapolis INDIANAPOLIS (Ticker) -- David Carr would like to finally get a win against Peyton Manning and the Indianapolis Colts Sunday when the AFC South teams meet for the first time this season.	1
HAL to showcase its wares for Putin Bangalore: Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) will line up its newly developed fighter aircraft, including the first Sukhoi 30 Mk1 that it assembled for the Indian Air Force (IAF), when the Russian President, Vladimir Putin, visits its Bangalore complex on 	0
Grenade deaths fuel violence SECURITY forces were on high alert yesterday after a weekend grenade attack on an opposition rally killed 19 people and wounded hundreds, triggering more violence across Bangladesh.	0
Blaze Sub Sister Vessels Suspended from Service By Jennifer Hill and Kim Pilling, Scottish Press Association. Canada has suspended three of its former Royal Navy submarines from service after last weeks fatal blaze on a fourth vessel.	0
Sony in CD-copying u-turn The company currently allows customers to copy a CD once onto a personal computer, but uses the Internet to charge a fee for subsequent copying of the same disk.	3
Nextel Profit Up Nextel Communications Inc. Friday reported improved profit and revenue during its third quarter as it boosted its subscriber base to 14.5 million, an increase of 550,000. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
Allawi Holds Meetings With Insurgents Iraq #39;s interim prime minister, Ayad Allawi, said Sunday he has held private meetings with representatives of insurgent groups from the restive cities of Fallujah 	0
Seven killed on Saddam anniversary At least seven people have been killed and 17 wounded in a suicide car bomb attack in Baghdad, a year to the day since Saddam Hussein was captured by US forces.	0
News: New England Forests at Greater Risk from Air Pollution When it comes to forests, air pollution is not an equal opportunity hazard. While dirty air spreads across large areas of the New England region, it's more scattered in the southeastern part of the United States. (University of Wisconsin-Madison press release)	3
McNabb throws four more touchdowns in ninth victory Putting the teams #39; records aside, quarterback Donovan McNabb knew this would not be an easy game to win. McNabb studied the films and he knew Washington would come with a defense that would 	1
Sudan Signs Landmark Darfur Deals with Rebels  ABUJA (Reuters) - Sudan bowed to international pressure on  Tuesday for a ban on military flights over the Darfur region,  where 1.5 million have been forced from their homes, and signed  two landmark peace deals with rebels.	0
Price drop prompts oil quota call Opec members call for a cut in rampant over-production as prices oil prices plummet amid warmer US weather.	0
Yahoo Faces New Court Battle over Nazi Items U.S. court says it's a French matter; plaintiff organizations want ban on sale of Nazi memorabilia.	3
Report: Artest suspended for 30 games Detroit, MI (Sports Network) - According to a broadcast report, the NBA has suspended Indiana #39;s Ron Artest for 30 games and teammates Stephen Jackson and Jermaine O #39;Neal 20 games apiece for their part in a brawl between the Pacers and the Pistons on 	1
Can Wild Bees Take Sting From Honeybee Decline? The decline of domesticated bees threatens North America's food supply. Some researchers believe original wild bee species could come to the rescue.	3
Death threats force controversial Dutch MP underground GEERT WILDERS, the Dutch MP and controversial critic of Islam, has two policemen by his side even when in his high-security parliamentary office in case someone tries to decapitate him.	0
Fannie CEO May Not Withstand Challenge  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The vaunted political and financial  skills of Fannie Mae Chief Executive Franklin Raines may not be  enough to save him professionally after a scathing regulatory  report last week detailed pervasive accounting lapses at the  mortgage finance company.	2
RIAA files 762 new file-trading lawsuits WASHINGTON - The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has filed 762 new lawsuits against alleged file-traders using P-to-P (peer-to-peer) services, with the total number of lawsuits filed since September 2003 now reaching more than 5,500.	3
U.S.: No 'Quick Fixes' in Sudan Situation (AP) AP - It may take up to two years to disarm the Arab militia in the Darfur region of western Sudan and secure the vast region for the return of 1.2 million people who fled the violence there, a senior U.S. diplomat said Friday.	0
Conley making field hockey mark at Babson Babson College field hockey player Elise Conley of Shrewsbury, who suffered a facial injury last season that required her to wear a protective mask, has come back in a big way this fall.	1
One Stop India News Resource on the Web New Delhi, Oct 24 : Myanmar #39;s military strongman Than Shwe arrived here Sunday on a six-day visit to India, a country that sees  quot;strategic compulsions quot; in warming up to its eastern neighbour after years of alienation.	0
Jets, Dolphins reflect on memorable Monday night meeting Fans streamed out of the Meadowlands quite early the last time the New York Jets and Miami Dolphins played on Monday night. They had little reason to stay.	1
Treasuries flat as jobless rise, trade worsens Treasury debt prices ticked higher briefly before turning flat on Thursday after jobless claims rose more than forecast and the US trade deficit balooned even wider than expected.	2
Oil Could Help Japan Resolve Territorial Fight With Russia Wearing a white windbreaker to protect him from the Siberian wind, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi stood on the bridge of a Japanese Coast Guard patrol boat on Thursday 	0
Intel Cuts Prices in Preparation for New Product Line (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Intel has slashed prices by up to 35 percent on some of its \Pentium 4 and Itanium processors, bringing down the costs of some desktop and notebook computers by as much as  #36;200.	3
Government 'must reduce spending' Whatever party wins the next general election will have to either cut spending or raise taxes, says the CBI, which wants the former.	2
Sharon moves to form new coalition after crushing opponents of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JERUSALEM (AFP) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon moved swiftly to forge a national unity government after winning approval to reshape his coalition and crushing internal opposition to his Gaza pullout plan.	0
McGrath puts Australia in command; India 146/5 NAGPUR: On his first real day at the office in his 100th Test match, Glenn McGrath showed why he ranks among cricket #39;s all-time greats.	1
Palestinian gunmen kidnap CNN producer GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip -- Palestinian gunmen abducted a CNN producer in Gaza City on Monday, the network said. The network said Riyadh Ali was taken away at gunpoint from a CNN van.	1
Pledge Allegiance to the Penguin We pledge allegiance to the penguin, and the intellectual property regime for which he stands. One nation, under Linux, with free music and open-source software for all. Welcome to Brazil! By Julian Dibbell from Wired magazine.	3
Briefly: Maxtor loses its CFO--again roundup Plus: Profits, revenue climb at Rambus...Apple iTunes sales quicken...Nortel pushes back Flextronics deal.	3
Iranian Diplomat Freed By Iraqi Captors 27 September 2004 -- An Iranian diplomat was freed by his captors in Iraq today after spending more than a month as a hostage. Iran #39;s Foreign Ministry confirmed that Faridoun Jahani, the Iranian consul in 	0
Trading Losses at Chinese Firm Coming to Light The disclosure this week that a Singapore-listed company controlled by a Chinese state-owned enterprise lost \$550 million in derivatives transactions 	2
Hackers Turn Webcams Into Spy Cams Sophos released a warning yesterday about a worm that has the capability to use webcams to spy on computer users in their home or workplace.	3
Details of Congress'  #36;388B Bill to Bush (AP) AP - Congress sent President Bush a  #36;388 billion legislative package Tuesday that covers the spending of every federal agency but the Pentagon and Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year that began Oct. 1.	0
Windows Upgrade Causing Campus Headaches (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Microsoft Corp.'s decision to release a major upgrade for its flagship operating system in the same month that hundreds of thousands of students are reporting to college campuses across the nation is causing a major headache for the higher education community.	3
Bills sign Matthews to replace injured backup QB Shane Matthews signed with the Buffalo Bills on Monday, bolstering the team #39;s banged-up quarterback corps. Matthews, an 11-year veteran, is expected to immediately take over as Drew Bledsoe #39;s backup, filling 	1
A License to Print Money Will Coinstar's diversification efforts damage its uniquely profitable business model?	2
ND #39;s victory adds up Every win satisfies him, but Notre Dame #39;s 38-3 thrashing of Washington on Saturday carried special significance. For the first time in six tries as a head coach, he defeated the Huskies.	1
Police arrest man on suspicion of murdering French student (AFP) AFP - Police arrested a 36-year-old man on suspicion of murdering a French student in August, Scotland Yard said.	0
Invasion alert in DR Congo town Security is stepped up in the border town of Bukavu after Rwanda and Burundi said they could send troops into Democratic Republic of Congo.	0
VNU to sell World Directories Group SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) VNU (NL:38987) , the Dutch media group that owns TV ratings group Nielsen, said early Monday it has signed a definitive agreeement to sell its World Directories Group to World Directories Acquisition Corp.	2
Cleaning Up After Ourselves Though banned in the 1970s, toxic PCBs persist in high concentrations around the world. Now a Stanford team says it may have the solution: carbon. By Amit Asaravala.	3
Fifth Asia-Europe Meeting opens in Hanoi The 5 th Asia-Europe Meeting (ASEM 5) officially opened in Hanoi on Friday morning with the participation of top leaders and high-ranking officials from 39 ASEM member countries and more than 1,200 domestic and foreign reporters.	0
Over 200 arrested in violence on Pinochet coup anniversary in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; As many as 205 people were arrested in overnight unrest Saturday on the anniversary of the 1973 coup that led Augusto Pinochet to power.	0
Cognos brings software to Linux on Power Firm's ReportNet product now is available for Red Hat Enterprise Linux running on IBM's pSeries servers.	3
Techs Lead Tokyo Stocks Up  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average added 0.8 percent  by midday on Thursday as tech issues got a lift from a rally on  the Nasdaq, but gains were capped and trading choppy as high  oil prices fueled concerns about the world economy.	2
Singapore, Telekom Malaysia to Buy Stake in Idea Cellular The government of Singapore and Telekom Malaysia Bhd. agreed to buy a 48 percent stake in India #39;s Idea Cellular from three companies for \$390 million to tap into India #39;s wireless market.	2
Pakistan PM arrives in Nepal Kathmandu, Nov 1 (UNI) Pakistan Prime Minister and SAARC chairperson Shaukat Aziz arrived here today on a two-day visit to the Himalayan Kingdom.	0
Ministry proposes 2,400 yen per ton carbon tax plan The Environment Ministry unveiled a carbon tax Friday to discourage use of fossil fuels and promote the use of energy-saving appliances so Japan can meet its obligations under the Kyoto Protocol.	3
Online university sued for selling fake degrees Trinity Southern University, an online school based in Texas, has been sued by the state of Pennsylvania for allegedly using state and private Internet addresses to hawk fake graduate degrees and prescription drugs.	3
Players prepare for Half-Life 2 Gamers are getting their hands on encrypted copies of the eagerly awaited Half-Life 2 game.	3
Steadfast Patriots cling to NFL winning record Foxboro, Mass. - Every week the New England Patriots seem to offer their fatalistic following some reason to despair -  quot;We don #39;t have any wide receivers!	1
NHLPA says Bettman wrong man to lead league as lockout drags on Bitter sniping between the NHL players union and commissioner Gary Bettman hit a low point Wednesday, with an NHLPA senior director saying Bettman is the wrong man to lead the league.	1
Oil extends advances Gold broke the \$450 a troy ounce level on Thursday for the first time since June 1988 as the dollar fell to a record low against the euro.	2
United Argues It May Terminate Pensions CHICAGO - United Airlines would be within its rights to terminate its employee pension plans but hasn't yet decided to do so, an attorney for the carrier said Friday, as two unions urged a judge to block a financing plan they say is predicated on the airline halting fund contributions.    The hearing came a day after the release of court papers in which United warned it "likely" will have to end those pension funds in order to secure the loans it needs to get out of bankruptcy...	0
Fallujah May Be Toughest City to Retake (AP) AP - Searching for victims or survivors, the young man in a black T-shirt swung a sledgehammer into a slab of concrete perched atop debris  #151; all that was left of a house blasted by U.S. warplanes. Nine people, two of them children, died in the ruins.	0
Car Bomb Kills Seven, Wounds 20 in Iraq  BAIJI, Iraq (Reuters) - A car bomb exploded in a crowded  market in a town north of Baghdad on Tuesday, killing at least  seven people and wounding 20, underlining Iraq's severe  security problems with elections just two months away.	0
Washington Mayor Says Baseball Deal Nearly Dead  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The deal to bring baseball back to  Washington, D.C, was described by Mayor Anthony Williams as  close to dead Wednesday after the City Council changed the plan  to require private financing, a move Major League Baseball  (MLB) called unacceptable.	1
Sheffield Powers Yankees Past Indians 6-4 (AP) AP - Gary Sheffield hit a tiebreaking, two-run homer in the ninth inning and the New York Yankees sent the fading Cleveland Indians to their eighth straight loss, 6-4 Monday night.	1
San Fran wants free citywide WiFi San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom has set a goal of providing free wireless Internet activity in his city that sees itself as a vanguard of the Internet revolution.	3
Good Reward for McGaughey in Hollywood Derby Shug McGaughey hadn #39;t sent a horse to California for 11 years, since the fall Lure won the Breeders #39; Cup Mile at Santa Anita.	1
BALCO Defendants Want Steroid Case Dropped  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Defendants at the center of the  BALCO steroid scandal asked a court to drop charges against  them Friday, claiming misconduct by prosecutors in a case which  has tarnished several top sporting names.	1
Sports: Broncos 20 Panthers 17 DENVER Denver #39;s long line of stellar running backs continues. Backup Reuben Droughns (drohns), filling in for injured Quentin Griffin, ran for 193 yards on 30 carries as the Broncos held off Carolina 20-to-17.	1
Crippled Canadian sub under tow, bound for Scotland (AFP) AFP - The British-built Canadian submarine HMCS Chicoutimi, crippled since a fire at sea that killed one of its crew, was under tow, headed for Scotland where it was likely to arrive early next week.	0
Mexico Welcomes Dalai Lama (AP) AP - The Dalai Lama brought his message of peace to presidential offices across Central America this week, urging harmony in a world he says is in crisis because of war, fear and intolerance.	0
FIRST PICS - DC TESTS FOR RED BULL Having denied rumours for the past week that the Scot would run for them, Red Bull finally came clean first thing on Wednesday morning.	1
Many Churches Installing Cell Phone Jammers The jarring polychromatic din of ringing cell phones is increasingly being thwarted - from religious sanctuaries to India's parliament to Tokyo theaters and commuter trains - by devices originally developed to help security forces avert eavesdropping and thwart phone-triggered bombings.	3
Unease at UN Over Russian Terror Blacklist Plan  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - Several U.N. Security Council  nations expressed misgivings about a draft resolution  introduced by Russia on Monday that would create a new  blacklist of terrorist suspects subject to extradition.	0
PA endorses domestic security plan The Palestinian Authority #39;s National Security Council on Sunday endorsed a security plan designed to restore law and order in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, but stopped short of calling for an end to attacks on Israel.	0
AFGHAN OPIUM GROWING UP TWO THIRDS Opium cultivation in Afghanistan leapt by two-thirds this year, according to a new UN report that warns the countrys economy could be forced to rely on poppy growing largely wiped out under the hardline Taliban militia.	0
Football can parallel investment decisions With the pro football season in full swing, it's time again for a superfluous digression into the corollaries between investing and sports. I can already hear some of you groaning, but cut me some slack.	2
Fires at homes in Waterford Township, Detroit leave 5 dead A house fire Sunday morning in this Detroit suburb left three family members dead about the same time that a blaze in Detroit killed two young children, police and fire officials said.	2
Several Killed in Dubai Airport Collapse A wall has collapsed at Dubai #39;s airport construction site, killing at least five workers and injuring many more. Workers said they saw up to 40 casualties being taken away on Monday, but the toll could not be confirmed.	0
Under Fire, Marsh Stops Taking Fees From Insurers A day after coming under regulatory fire for taking incentive fees from insurers, the Marsh   McLennan Companies said that it would halt the practice.	2
Sony Plans European Ad Blitz to Stifle iTunes  BERLIN (Reuters) - Sony Corp. next week will launch a  marketing blitz in Europe for its new Connect music download  store, its latest effort to derail the runaway momentum of  Apple Computer's iTunes service.	3
'Westerners' killed in north Iraq At least three Westerners have been killed by insurgents in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul, local police say.	0
Japan megabank turns deaf ear IN many markets, investor response to Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group #39;s 1-for-1 merger offer to UFJ Holdings would have been predictable and nearly instantaneous.	2
NCAA Game Summary - LSU at Florida It was Casey #39;s first collegiate TD...These two teams met for the 51st time with the Gators still holding a 27-21-3 lead in the series that dates back to 1937...LSU coach Nick Saban has a 2-3 mark vs. Florida 	1
First Look: Danger Sidekick II (PC World) PC World - The one-time World Class Product of the Year PDA gets a much-needed upgrade.	3
UPDATE1 -RadioShack, Wal-Mart unit form wireless venture RadioShack Corp. (RSH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , looking to expand its sales pool, on Monday said it would take over the operation of cell phone kiosks at 542 Sam #39;s Club stores 	2
Host Marriott Quarterly Loss Narrows Hotel owner Host Marriott Corp. (HMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said its third-quarter loss narrowed as revenue per room rose, driven by an increase in room rates.	2
BlackBerry 7100t and SureType The smart phone market will grow more crowded Wednesday with the debut of two devices directed at opposite ends of the customer spectrum: a BlackBerry for consumers with a newfangled keyboard and a Nokia phone-organizer for mobile business professionals.	3
Randa propels Royals #39; rout, but Tigers rebound in rematch Alan Trammell has seen a lot of crazy things during almost three decades in the major leagues. Nothing, however, prepared him for what he saw yesterday.	1
'Push to talk' meets Wi-Fi FCC says cellular carriers are working on extending the walkie-talkie feature to Wi-Fi networks--which could mean to VoIP phones.	3
Prince Harry denies reports of high jinks Aides say that Argentinian press reports that Prince Harry of Britain spent his time in the country nightclubbing and getting drunk are pure fiction.	0
Eleven charged in software counterfeiting case Prosecutors have charged 11 people in California, Texas and Washington state with conspiring to distribute more than \$30 million of counterfeit computer software and products.	3
Indians retrieve Himalayan bodies Mountaineers retrieve three bodies believed to have been buried for 22 years on an Indian glacier.	0
Daughter of slain woman arrives to bury her family Andrea Miles was supposed to arrive here from California to spend the holiday weekend with mother, stepfather and 13-year-old brother.	2
Melvin Fired Bob Melvin #39;s two-year reign as manager of the Seattle Mariners came to an end Monday morning, as the Mariners announced his dismissal at a press conference at Safeco Field.	1
29 killed in Moroccan bus collision Twenty-nine people were killed and 30 others injured when a bus crashed into a truck and a taxi in Morocco on Saturday, the state news agency MAP reported.	0
Applied Digital Shares Jump on Chip OK Shares of Applied Digital Solutions Inc. and Digital Angel Corp. soared Wednesday morning on news the companies #39; VeriChip implantable radio frequency identification microchip for humans has been cleared by 	2
BROWN BATTERED IN BOMBERS' LOSS (New York Post) New York Post - BOSTON  #x2014; If the Yankees don't win the World Series, you can blame it on Kevin Brown's immaturity and lack of respect for his teammates.	1
Bush was allegedly targeted Marxist rebels tried to organize an assassination attempt against President Bush during his visit to the port city of Cartagea last week, a top Colombian official said yesterday.	0
U.S. Wrestlers Shut Out Daniel Cormier and Joe Williams of the United States each lose in Olympic freestyle wrestling, leaving America without a finalist in the three gold medal matches.	1
NASA eyes May launch for Shuttle NASA has announced that the Space Shuttle will take to the skies once more next year, in a launch window that lasts from mid May to early June.	3
Experience on Dragons' side For 34 years, Foster Cass patrolled the sidelines for the Duxbury boys' soccer team. After a brief retirement last year, Cass returned to Duxbury yesterday, this time as coach of Pembroke (5-10), in its first year as a high school.	1
Edward C. Baig: Personal Tech - Microsoft makes multitasking entertaining (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - On Tuesday at Los Angeles' Shrine Auditorium, Bill Gates showcased the third iteration of the couch-potato software that fuels Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005, MCE 2005 for short. It's the version Gates insists will lift these entertainment-oriented (and often pricey) machines into the mainstream.	3
Asian Stocks Mostly Lower on Tech Worries  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Asian shares were mostly lower on  Tuesday, pulled down by technology stocks following worries  about a sales forecast from bellwether Intel Corp. and  unexpectedly flat industrial output in Japan.	2
Pacers Holding Tough After Suspensions (AP) AP - Immediately after Jamaal Tinsley made a layup in the third quarter that got the Indiana Pacers rolling to an improbable win over Boston, he raised his hand and extended three fingers.	1
AT amp;T, Vonage cut prices on Internet calling AT amp;T (T) and Internet telephone provider Vonage said Thursday they are cutting prices for their residential Internet calling services by \$5 a month, the strongest signs yet of a price war in the nascent market.	3
US Economy Seen on Solid Footing Orders for US durable goods fell unexpectedly in August but beat forecasts once transportation equipment was stripped out, government data showed on Friday in evidence the economy is again pumping strongly.	2
Apple Announces New iMac That Breaks Design Barriers Just like the iPod redefined portable digital music players, the new iMac G5 redefines what users expect from a consumer desktop, Schiller told the audience.	3
EU Head Office Orders Izar to Repay Aid (AP) AP - The European Commission on Wednesday ordered Spain's troubled state-owned shipbuilder Izar to repay  #36;702 million in government assistance.	0
Woods closes in on Singh Tiger Woods has closed the gap on world number one Vijay Singh after winning his first strokeplay title of the year in Japan on Sunday.	1
Appeal Rejected in Trout Restoration Plan (AP) AP - The U.S. Forest Service on Wednesday rejected environmentalists' appeal of a plan to poison a stream south of Lake Tahoe to aid what wildlife officials call "the rarest trout in America."	3
NFL #39;s TV windfall shows no signs of slowing It #39;s big news whenever the television networks throw \$8 billion on the table, and even moreso when it #39;s being thrown at the NFL, the Halliburton of sports.	1
Germany's carnival season bursts into life (AFP) AFP - Thousands of people in costume took to the streets of western Germany as the annual carnival season started with a series of events that will go on until February.	0
Latest scandal puts spotlight back on boards At first glance, it might seem as if software company Computer Associates International Inc. has cleaned up its act. Yes, its former CEO and another top executive were indicted last 	2
 #39;Many more tons to come from Sachin #39;s bat #39; Mumbai: Former Test cricketers, including Polly Umrigar, Dilip Vengsarkar and Bapu Nadkarni, praised batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar equalling former skipper Sunil Gavaskar #39;s 34 Test hundreds against Bangladesh today as  quot;a fantastic feat quot; and said he 	1
Russia says Conoco mooting \$US2b Lukoil stake MOSCOW: Oil giant ConocoPhillips looked close to taking a \$US2 billion (\$NZ3.11b) stake in Russian major Lukoil on Thursday after Russian officials confirmed the US firm #39;s interest in the auction of a 7.6 per cent stake.	2
Britain condemns racist taunts; FIFA calls for probe The British government condemned racist taunts by fans in Spain aimed at black players on England #39;s team during an exhibition game, and soccer #39;s governing body ordered an investigation Thursday.	1
Update: Oracle signs deal to buy PeopleSoft for \$10.3B Oracle has signed an agreement to acquire PeopleSoft for about \$10.3 billion, the companies said this morning.	3
Australia migration focus shifts from Asia to Europe (AFP) AFP - Australia is now accepting more migrants from English-speaking nations than Southeast Asia for the first time since John Howard's Government came to power in 1996, new data shows.	0
NOW SILVER - McFarlane wins third medal for Ja The Dominican Republic #39;s Felix Sanchez hugs Jamaica #39;s Danny McFarlane (right) after the men #39;s 400 metres hurdles final at the Athens 2004 Olympic Games yesterday.	1
Chicago Bears Will Not Sign Tim Couch (AP) AP - The Chicago Bears will not sign Tim Couch, instead deciding to stick with the three quarterbacks on their roster.	1
BellSouth Closes Sale of Some Assets (AP) AP - BellSouth Corp. said Thursday it has completed the sale of some if its Latin American assets and will use the proceeds to help pay for Cingular Wireless LLC's  #36;41 billion purchase of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.	3
EBay To Take Over Korean Affiliate EBay, the world #39;s largest Internet auction house, is making a purchase of its own, increasing its stake in South Korean affiliate Internet Auction.	3
Turkish PM eyes last-minute compromise on Cyprus Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan indicated Thursday that he expects to reach a compromise with the EU on the vexed issue of Cyprus before the end of a two-day Brussels summit.	0
Russian Move Clears Way to Bring Kyoto Into Force (Reuters) Reuters - The Russian government approved the\Kyoto Protocol on Thursday, giving decisive support to the\long-delayed climate change treaty that should allow it to come\into force worldwide.	3
Vanuatu government tells Australian police they're not wanted (AFP) AFP - Vanuatu's new government has told Australian Federal Police on assignment in the Pacific island nation to leave the country by September 15, officials in Canberra said.	0
Sharon 'eases' talks conditions Israeli PM Ariel Sharon appears to have eased his preconditions for resuming talks with the Palestinians.	0
Iran, EU diplomats hold  quot;positive quot; nuclear talks, but no deal yet European and Iranian diplomats held  quot;very positive quot; talks in Tehran late Thursday over demands the Islamic republic suspend some of its nuclear activities, but an accord has yet to be finalised, a source close to the crucial negotiations told AFP.	0
Yum Profit Up, Raises View Yum Brands Inc. (YUM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 13 percent and raised its profit forecast for the year as strong sales at its fast-food chains helped offset a run-up in commodity costs.	2
Sharp Expects Record Operating Profit  OSAKA (Reuters) - Sharp Corp., the world's largest maker of  liquid crystal display televisions, said on Monday it expected  operating profit for the April-September first half to rise 32  percent to a record on strong demand for LCD TVs.	2
Authorities Seize Tape Federal authorities have seized a videotape believed to be at the center of an alleged blackmail attempt against Yankees slugger Gary Sheffield and his wife, a prosecutor said.	1
US Congresswoman says she was denied Vietnam visa (AFP) AFP - A US Congresswoman who has criticised Vietnam's human rights record has been denied a visa to visit the communist country for the second time, she said.	0
New Mich. Lab Key to Detecting Diseases (AP) AP - A new  #36;58 million lab at Michigan State University will be a key to detecting diseases that start in animals but can be transmitted to people.	3
Schwab said to sell capital markets business to UBS LONDON (CBS.MW) - US stock futures were tracking lower on Monday, indicating expectations for a weaker start despite a couple of anticipated deals.	2
Winky sees off Mosley again Ronald  #39;Winky #39; Wright edged  #39;Sugar #39; Shane Mosley for the second time in eight months in Las Vegas - but only just as he won a majority decision by the closest of margins to retain his WBA and WBC light-middleweight titles.	1
Lilacs say Northeast spring coming earlier As the first signs of winter push into the Northeast, researchers have some good news for fair weather fans -pring is coming earlier than it used to.	3
Venezuelans Vote to Keep Chavez in Office (AP) AP - Venezuelans overwhelmingly voted to keep President Hugo Chavez in office, dealing a crushing defeat to a splintered opposition and allowing the leftist leader to convert one of the biggest challenges of his presidency into an even broader mandate to carry on his "revolution for the poor."	0
New Era for Cambodia as King Sihamoni Ascends Throne (Reuters) Reuters - In a ceremony full of pageantry and\hope, King Norodom Sihamoni ascended the Cambodian throne on\Friday, ushering in a new royal era for a country still trying\to draw a line under its bloody, genocidal past.	0
Hurricane Charley hits Outback NEW YORK (Reuters) - Outback Steakhouse Inc. said Tuesday it lost about 130 operating days and up to \$2 million in revenue because it had to close some restaurants in the South due to Hurricane Charley. 	2
Gates', Ballmer's pay holding around \$900,000 Paychecks stay the same for the top two, but compensation changes for other Microsoft workers as stock grants replace options.\	3
Acrimony, recriminations follow Manchester United victory over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; That #39;s when Arsenal and Manchester United are set to meet again in the Premier League. The bitter rivalry between the two giants of English soccer grew even nastier after Sunday #39;s 2-0 United victory at Old 	1
HD-DVD picks up Hollywood support By Martyn Williams, IDG News Service and Paul Kallender, IDG News Service. The group supporting the HD-DVD optical disc format for high-definition video has received a boost in its battle against the rival 	3
Jim Leyland Still Wants to Manage Again (AP) AP - Jim Leyland still wants to manage again despite being turned down by the Philadelphia Phillies, but has little interest in any job that wouldn't allow him to return regularly to his Pittsburgh home.	1
Yahoo's Home Page Gets Functional Facelift Web media giant offered a preview of its redesigned front page Tuesday and said the new simpler look will replace the old one in a few weeks. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
Consumers can expect lucrative deals on new vehicles for holidays Automakers weren #39;t as generous with consumer incentives in October as they were in September, but shoppers can expect a new round of deals as manufacturers, particularly General Motors Corp.	2
Lippi sticks to his guns against Belarus Italy coach Marcello Lippi is sticking to his guns in a World Cup qualifier against Belarus Wednesday night despite Saturday #39;s shock defeat in Slovenia with 0-1, local media reported Tuesday.	1
Toyota Prius is 2005 European Car of the Year The Toyota Prius has been voted 2005 Car of the Year by the 58 members of the European Car of the Year Jury, it was announced last Monday.	3
MIKE WENDLAND: Pricey iPod upgrade worth every dime Apple #39;s latest addition to its hugely popular iPod line, the iPod Photo, has moved the bar even further as the digital lifestyle continues to converge.	3
Toshiba to Fab Xilinx FPGAs Marking what the companies believe is the beginning of continued cooperation in next-generation manufacturing technology, Toshiba Corp.	2
FedEx Quarterly Earnings More Than Double  NEW YORK (Reuters) - FedEx Corp., the world's top  air-express shipper, on Wednesday said quarterly earnings more  than doubled on strong revenue growth in its international,  ground and freight services.	2
Israeli Army Kills Gunman in Gaza Raid-Medics  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli soldiers shot dead a Palestinian  gunman and wounded three early on Wednesday in a raid on  militant strongholds in the northern Gaza Strip, Palestinian  medics and witnesses said.	0
Pakistanis Freed from Guantanamo Land in Home Jail (Reuters) Reuters - Thirty-five Pakistanis freed\from the U.S. Guantanamo Bay prison camp arrived home on\Saturday and were taken straight to prison for further\interrogation, the interior minister said.	0
Microsoft to launch new search engine technology Microsoft Corp. is set to unleash its much-anticipated search technology on Thursday, as it ramps up efforts to take on market leader Google Inc.	3
Spin doctors must deal with truth So the 600-page Olympic and Paralympics candidate file for London 2012 is now with the International Olympic Committee and Sebastian Coe has told us we must Make Britain Proud and Back the Bid 	1
UPDATE 1-McDonald #39;s boosts annual dividend 38 pct McDonald #39;s Corp. (MCD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday raised its annual dividend by 38 percent, a move the world #39;s largest restaurant chain said is another sign of its revitalization.	2
Iraq's Allawi Extends Arms-For-Cash Plan BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi announced plans Monday to extend a cash-for-weapons program for Shiite fighters in Baghdad's Sadr City to cities nationwide in an attempt to disarm the country.    The announcement came as fresh violence erupted in Baghdad and Mosul...	0
Top Shiite cleric insists vote be held on time even if America &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US warplanes blasted insurgent positions in Sadr City, and American ground troops pushed into the sprawling Baghdad slum Thursday in a 	0
No. 24 Memphis Rolls Past St. Mary's 81-66 (AP) AP - Rodney Carney scored a career-high 33 points and Memphis ended the surprising tournament run of Saint Mary's with an 81-66 victory Thursday night in the semifinals of the Coaches vs. Cancer Classic.	1
Job figures disappoint in Mass. The Massachusetts economic recovery remained stagnant last month as the unemployment rate dipped slightly, but employers sliced payrolls for the third time in four months, the state reported yesterday.	2
Coup Plot Mercenaries Given Choice of Fines Or Prison Three men who admitted violating South Africas anti-mercenary laws for their role in an failed coup in Equatorial Guinea were ordered to pay fines or go to prison today.	0
Windows XP SP2 rollout to resume Wednesday After a nine-day postponement, Microsoft on Wednesday plans to start pushing out Windows XP Service Pack 2 to PCs running Windows XP Professional Edition.	3
PM Shujaat tenders resignation, federal cabinet dissolved ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Chaudhry Shujaat has resigned from his office and the federal cabinet has also been dissolved. The national assembly will elect the leader of the house on Friday while the new prime minister will take oath on Saturday.	0
Bill Gates world #39;s most  quot;spammed quot; person When you get frustrated with an avalanche of spams sent to your email box, spare a thought for Bill Gates. The Microsoft Corp. chairman is the world #39;s most spammed person with 	3
Microsoft announces Xbox holiday bundle Starting October 31, the Xbox will include NCAA Football 2005, Top Spin, two-month Xbox Live trial for \$149.99. Microsoft today announced the details of its Xbox holiday bundle.	3
Long-Term Capital #39;s Loss in Tax Case May Help IRS Hinder Abuses Long-Term Capital Management LP, whose failure in 1998 forced a bailout by Wall Street #39;s biggest investment banks, has to pay \$56 million in tax and penalties after a judge said the hedge fund claimed an improper deduction.	2
Mitsubishi Motors bids to revive financing unit TOKYO Mitsubishi Motors, Japan #39;s only unprofitable automaker, is seeking a partner to revive a finance unit that was responsible for more than half of a record operating loss in North America in the year to last March.	2
Glazer puts United in play MANCHESTER United has received a takeover approach that boosted the club #39;s shares by over 5 per cent as industry sources said US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer planned a bid of \$1.	1
Wall St. Bears Claw Back Into the Black (Reuters) Reuters - Short-sellers, Wall Street's dwindling\band of ultra-cynics, are seeing green again.	2
Nokia, Philips Team with German Transport Network for NFC Trial Nokia, Royal Philips Electronics together with Rhein-Main Verkehrsverbund (RMV), public transport authority for Frankfurt, Germany #39;s greater area, have announced a joint project to trial a near field communication (NFC) ticketing solution that uses mobile 	3
Middlesbrough hold on for vital win Mark Viduka and Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink found their touch in front of goal to fire Middlesbrough to victory over Manchester City. The Australian produced two exquisite finishes nine minutes into either half 	1
AGs, artists urge top court to hear P2P case com November 8, 2004, 5:08 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.	3
Khan leads at Mallorca Open MALLORCA, Spain (Ticker) - Simon Khan has a three-shot lead midway through the Mallorca Classic after a last-hole lapse by Sergio Garcia.	1
South Korea Says to Pin Down Nature of North Blast (Reuters) Reuters - South Korea is seeking independent\verification on the nature of a huge blast in North Korea last\week, which its communist neighbor has said was linked to a\hydroelectric scheme, Seoul's defense minister said on Tuesday.	0
Global Crossing struggling to stay afloat MANHASSET, NY - The weak telecom market continues to wreak havoc on telecom company Global Crossing Ltd., which is cutting jobs and trying to restructure its finances in an attempt to continue operating.	2
Rogge gives top marks to Athens Olympic supremo Jacques Rogge on Sunday gave top marks to Athens for organising a superb Games.  quot;I am an extremely happy President of the IOC, quot; he told reporters on the day the Games wrap up.	1
Peterson caught in the middle Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops is keeping freshman running back Adrian Peterson off limits to the media this week, as the Sooners prepare for the Red River Shootout.	1
Dell takes new stab at blade design com November 1, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.	3
That Certain Look: Animal Magnetism The Metropolitan Museum's show is a sumptuous assemblage of animal products used to keep humans warm, make them look good and ratchet up their social status.	0
Khartoum suggests federal system for Darfur Nairobi - The Sudanese government has said the best way to end the conflict in its western Darfur region may be to let the people there manage their own affairs.	0
Activists: Afghan women no better off (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - Human-rights organizations criticized the Bush administration Wednesday, saying in the three years since the Taliban was ousted from most of Afghanistan, the U.S. has not fulfilled promises of safety, freedom, education and health care for Afghan women.	0
Explosions rock central Baghdad A series of explosions rocked central Baghdad on Friday afternoon during a day of violence in the capital. The cause or exact location of the blasts was not immediately clear.	0
Microsoft #39;s Pay-for-Play Music Site Could Be a Competitor The MSN Music site, now in public preview and set for its full-featured debut in mid-October, instantly makes Microsoft a major player in the field, although the store has a decidedly me-too feel about it right now.	3
Fall in US oil inventory pushes prices higher WASHINGTONCrude futures prices surged above \$48 (US) per barrel yesterday as oil production and shipping disruptions caused by Hurricane Ivan prompted domestic supplies to shrink more than expected.	2
World-Class DVD Authoring Chip Eberhart writes in Post magazine,  #147;DVD Studio Pro Version 3.0 is truly a world-class DVD authoring application. This outstanding version of DVD Studio Pro adds enough bells, whistles and real-world functionality to make even a seasoned DVD author take notice and say,  #145;Wow! #146; #148; Sep 16	3
2-Way Internet Phone Scheduled for This Month Within this year, tech-savvy Koreans will be able to make and receive calls through Internet-enabled phones as you would do on regular phones, at a lower cost.	3
Delta Details Job Cuts Plan (Reuters) Reuters - Delta Air Lines Inc. , the No.\3 U.S. carrier, said on Sunday it will cut 2,000\aircraft-maintenance jobs, up to 3,100 customer-service jobs,\and between 1,600 and 1,800 supervisory and administrative\personnel as part of a previously announced plan to cut total\staffing by 7,000.	2
SF mayor seeks cooling-off period in hotel contract dispute SAN FRANCISCO - Mayor Gavin Newsom on Sunday asked labor leaders and the management of 14 hotels embroiled in a nearly month-old dispute to resume normal operations for at least 90 days while the two sides try to negotiate a new contract.	3
Bush #39;s campaign of distortion IN THE FIRST presidential debate, George W. Bush asserted that he #39;ll win reelection because he knows how to lead -- and but for an absent prefix, the president might have been revealing his closing-stretch strategy.	2
Kane sentenced to 18 years in death of ex-wife Former football player Tommy Kane, who pleaded guilty to manslaughter in the death of his former wife, was sentence Friday to 18 years in jail.	1
EU's Solana Heads for Darfur, May Offer AU Funding  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana  heads for Africa on Friday where he is likely to announce a  contribution of more than 100 million euros to an African Union  force in Sudan's Darfur region, an EU diplomat said.	0
India, Russia Agree to Revitalize Traditional Ties  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - Cold war allies India and Russia  sought on Friday to instill new momentum into their  longstanding relationship, tidying up energy and military ties.	0
Epiphany's New CRM Apps Offer Instant Analysis (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Epiphany's new applications, which sit atop rival apps, don't delay in getting customer information into sales reps' hands. IBM weighs in with its support.	3
Ansari X Prize is one small step away SpaceShipOne will attempt to rocket into space today for the second time - following last Wednesdays successful flight - in order to bag the \$10 million Ansari X Prize, which has gone unclaimed for eight years.	3
UN AIDS envoy urges Blair to make G8 do more for Africa (AFP) AFP - The United Nations envoy on AIDS urged Prime Minister Tony Blair to persuade the world's richest countries to provide more funds to step up treatment of the disease in Africa.	0
Celtics enjoy laugher When Doc Rivers has dinner with Orlando coach Johnny Davis and Magic players Pat Garrity and Grant Hill sometime next summer, there should be some interesting conversation.	1
60-Story Building Is Proposed Near Nassau Coliseum he co-owner of the New York Islanders hockey team is proposing a 60-story tower in the center of Nassau County - more than triple the height of the tallest existing building on Long Island.	1
BEA Rolls Out WebLogic Server 9.0 for SOA SAN FRANCISCOBEA Systems Inc. took advantage of the proximity of Oracle Corp. #39;s OpenWorld conference here this week to introduce BEA WebLogic Server 9.0, which is designed to allow developers to rapidly 	3
Iraq extends weapons amnesty Iraq #39;s interim government says it will extend the weapons handover program for Sadr City, a Baghdad slum rife with anti-US sentiments, and will soon extend the arms amnesty program nationwide.	0
Bush Nominates Gutierrez to Head Commerce Description: President Bush nominates Carlos Gutierrez as Commerce secretary. The CEO and chairman of Kellogg #39;s is considered one of the country #39;s most prominent Hispanic executives.	2
Yukos may face \$10B more in tax Russian officials demanded up to \$10 billion in additional taxes from Yukos and its soon-to-be-sold main unit on Monday, pushing the debts of Russia #39;s embattled No.	2
Ivan strands Utahns; help is on the way A family from Layton and more than a dozen other Americans have been stranded on Grand Cayman Island for five days without much food, clean drinking water or electricity in the wake of Hurricane Ivan.	0
A Vast Arms Buildup, Yet Not Enough for Wars The United States will spend more than \$500 billion on security this year, a high-water mark that is creating boom times in the armaments industry.	2
Brief: AT T lays off 20 of workforce AT T today announced layoffs affecting more than 20 of its workforce, far higher than the 8 it had said earlier in the year would be laid off.	3
Wal-Mart to Cut Prices After Poor Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the No.\1 U.S. retailer, on Tuesday signaled it will cut prices in the\weeks before Christmas after a strategy against deep discounts\backfired on the first weekend of the holiday shopping season.	2
Wenger fury at  #39;cheating #39; star Arsene Wenger has called on the FA to look again at Ruud van Nistelrooy #39;s controversial challenge on Ashley Cole at Old Trafford yesterday, which BBC pundit Alan Hansen labelled  quot;a disgrace quot;.	1
Women May Run Faster Than Men in 2156 Games -Study (Reuters) Reuters - Women could be faster 100-meter\sprinters than men by the 2156 Olympics, according to a study\on Wednesday.	3
Mutual funds saw tough 3d quarter NEW YORK -- Mutual funds suffered along with the rest of the stock market during a troubled third quarter, with growth and technology sector funds posting the worst returns.	2
Britain to Charge Cleric Risking a showdown with American prosecutors, the British authorities are planning to bring terrorism charges next week against an Egyptian-born 	0
Shaq makes Heat debut Shaquille O #39;Neal scored 17 points and added seven rebounds on his debut for Miami, an 85-75 exhibition loss to Houston. The former LA Lakers star said he was  quot;in cruise mode quot; during the game, but attracted compliments from his rivals.	1
US Economic Gauge Signals Weakness A key gauge of future economic activity weakened for a third straight month in August as costlier oil spread worry among consumers and businesses, a report from a business research group showed on Thursday .	2
Western Michigan fired Darnell  quot;For the benefit of our student-athletes and fans, we simply cannot afford another year of decline and now is the time for new leadership to be brought in, quot; Kathy Beauregard, the school #39;s Director of Intercollegiate Athletics, said in a statement.	1
England 19-21 Australia BATTERED but unbowed, England lost the re-run of the World Cup final in one of the most sensational matches Twickenham has seen in recent years.	1
Decision to Place Pinochet Under House Arrest Suspended A Chilean court has suspended the order to place former Chilean dictator, Augusto Pinochet under house arrest for crimes he committed during  quot;Operation Condor quot;, aiming to remove his opponents in Latin America, between 1970 and 1980 at the request of his 	0
Bonds collects 12th Silver Slugger award Louisville, KY (Sports Network) - San Francisco leftfielder Barry Bonds won his record setting 12th Silver Slugger award on Tuesday.	1
DNA Pioneer Maurice Wilkins Dies at 88 (AP) AP - Nobel laureate Maurice Wilkins, one of the scientists involved in the discovery of the double helix structure of DNA, died Tuesday in London. He was 88.	3
Semiconductor Market Grow 27 Percent in 2004 However, the Gartner Dataquest Semiconductor Inventory Index showed inventories in the supply chain at the low end of the  quot;caution quot; zone.	3
OPEC should raise crude oil price band, Purnomo says : The OPEC price band for crude oil should be raised to reflect inflation since 2001 and the falling US dollar, Purnomo Yusgiantoro, Indonesia #39;s oil minister and secretary general of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries 	2
United States 3, Slovakia 1 Team USA finally showed some energy in the World Cup of Hockey, beating Slovakia 3-1 Friday for its first win in the tournament. Bill Guerin, Jason Blake and Bryan Smolinski scored for the younger, quicker 	1
City mourns killed hostage Bigley A day of mourning has been declared in Liverpool in memory of the murdered British hostage Ken Bigley. 	0
Intel Prepares for the future Intel is drawing the curtain on some of its future research projects to continue making transistors smaller, faster, and less power-hungry out as far as 2020.	3
Swept under the carpet The Taba attack is no longer hot news, and the tourism minister says business won #39;t be affected. Egypt #39;s minister of tourism, Ahmed El-Maghrabi, is brimming with incautious optimism.	0
Pavano Chooses Yankees (Reuters) Reuters - Free agent starting\pitcher Carl Pavano has chosen to join the New York Yankees and\the two sides were working on finalizing a contract before the\end of the winter meetings.	1
New Jersey Nets Team Report - December 7 (Sports Network) - The New Jersey Nets try for their third consecutive win this evening when they head to Cleveland to face LeBron James and the Cavaliers at Gund Arena.	1
Sorry, Bosox fans, the curse lives WAIT a minute! Just because the Boston Red Sox beat the New York Yankees does not mean the  quot;Curse of the Bambino quot; has ended.	1
HP hands Itanium to Intel HP has ended its development of the Itanium chip and handed the work back to Intel. The chip giant has taken over HP #39;s 300-strong Itanium development team, based in Colorado, in a move that brings to an end 	3
Dodd Maintains China Open Lead (AP) AP - Wales' Stephen Dodd overcame a triple bogey to shoot a 2-under 70 on Saturday and maintain a three-stroke lead after the third round of the China Open, the first event of the 2005 PGA European Tour schedule.	1
Truckers begin All-India strike With the All India Motor Transport Congress rejecting the government #39;s last-minute bid for a negotiated settlement, truck owners have gone on an indefinite strike demanding the scrapping of service tax.	2
Five Blasts Reported in Spain After ETA Threats (Reuters) Reuters - Five explosions were reported in\different parts of Spain Monday after the Basque separatist\group ETA threatened to set off a total of seven bombs, Spanish\media reported.	0
MP3 Players At The Right Size And Price NEW YORK - It #39;s not lack of choice that is the problem when trying to choose a digital music player, it #39;s rather the opposite.	3
Consumer Confidence Drops In November _ Consumer confidence declined in November for a fourth consecutive month, a private research group reported Tuesday, reflecting doubts about the economy once the holidays are past.	2
Calif. activist buys first hybrid Escape A California environmental activist on Wednesday became the first customer to take delivery of a Ford Escape Hybrid. Ford Motor Co.	2
Microsoft #39;s Competition From Mozilla Microsoft doesn #39;t seem to be too worried about the competition of Mozilla with their release of Firefox 1.0. Microsoft isn #39;t planning on releasing a new version of IE anytime soon, but Microsoft #39;s director 	3
Canadian iTunes Music Store postponed (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. confirmed for MacCentral on Wednesday that the Canadian iTunes Music Store has been delayed. Company representatives declined to comment on a specific timeframe for the store, but said in a statement that it would be very soon.	3
Yesterday in parliament The prime minister insisted no decision had yet been taken on sending British troops to relieve US allies in Iraq. Repeatedly challenged at prime minister #39;s question time, Mr Blair said it was a military decision 	0
Digital signatures  #39;could be forged #39; Encryption circles are buzzing with news that mathematical functions embedded in common security applications have previously unknown weaknesses. 	3
Today's schedule College basketball: MEN -- Detroit at Northeastern, 7 p.m.; UNH at Brown, 7 p.m.; Stony Brook at URI, 7 p.m.; UMass-Lowell at AIC, 7 p.m.; Mt. Ida at Bridgewater St., 7 p.m.; Dowling at Southern Conn., 7 p.m.; Tufts at Suffolk, 7:30 p.m.; St. Rose at Franklin Pierce, 7:30 p.m.; Southern Maine at Colby, 7:30 p.m.; WOMEN -- UMass-Lowell at ...	1
Football365 #39;s Quotes Of The Week On the  #39;tackle #39;, the penalty, Gary Megson on gardening, Jose #39;s fuzzy math, Keggy practicing for the Bar, Souney provides us with a fireside chat.	1
Lee returns, MacGill dropped for India tour Fast bowler Brett Lee was recalled to Australia #39;s squad and legspinner Stuart MacGill was dropped for next month #39;s four-test tour of India.	1
Car bombing hits US checkpoint in Baghdad A car bomb explosion rattled Wednesday morning a US military checkpoint on a highway leading to Baghdad #39;s airport, the US military said in a statement.	0
EU steps up Burma sanctions Foreign ministers extended an EU-wide travel ban on high-ranking Burmese officers after finding the military leadership had failed to improve its human rights record.	0
Sluggish Frances Cuts Power to 2M in Fla. FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Potent but slow-moving Hurricane Frances snapped power lines and whipped the Atlantic coast with winds over 90 mph Saturday, knocking out electricity for about two million people and forcing Floridians to endure another day of waiting and worrying...	0
U.S. Bombs Rain on Falluja, Rebels Attack in Samarra  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. forces poised to assault  Falluja bombarded the rebel stronghold on Saturday, while  insurgents launched deadly attacks that killed 34 people in  Samarra, another city in Iraq's Sunni Muslim heartland.	0
The Dead Cat Bounces  a Bit The Labor opposition had its first positive bounce in the third week of the campaign for the Australian election on October 9. First, last week it launched its long awaited taxation policy.	0
Kobe Bryant Rape Case Could Be Headed to California (Reuters) Reuters - Attorneys for the Colorado woman who\accused Kobe Bryant of rape are considering suing the\basketball star in his home state of California because of a\strict cap on damages in Colorado, they said on Wednesday.	1
Texas Challenger Links Opponent to Rather (AP) AP - A Texas congressional candidate has launched a television campaign ad linking his opponent to beleaguered CBS news anchor Dan Rather.	0
Devil Rays Acquire Angel Garcia  ANAHEIM, Calif. (Sports Network) - Pitcher Angel Garcia was  picked first overall by the Arizona Diamondbacks in baseball's  Rule 5 Draft on Monday, but moments after it was over he was  traded to the Tampa Bay Devil Rays for cash considerations.	1
Real changes shock Owen Michael Owen was stunned when Jose Antonio Camacho quit as Real Madrid boss three games into the season.  quot;There #39;s no doubt this has come as a shock.	1
New uniform, same hair-raising play in homecoming Don Nelson welcomes Steve Nash back to Dallas. Nash dazzled in the reunion with 17 points and 18 assists. STAR-TELEGRAM/JEFFERY WASHINGTON Same hair.	1
Kanoute #39;s blunders knock Spurs out A MOMENT of lunacy four minutes from the end of extra-time from Frederic Kanoute cost Tottenham a place in the Carling Cup semi-final as Liverpool #39;s reserves stole the most unlikely of victories at White Hart Lane.	1
Thorpedo Sinks Phelps' Shot at Spitz Mark (AP) AP - The kid couldn't catch the Thorpedo  #151; and he won't be catching Mark Spitz, either. Michael Phelps' quest for seven gold medals ended after just three events, doomed by another bronze Monday night in the most anticipated race at the Olympic pool  #151; the head-to-head showdown with Australia's Ian Thorpe in the 200-meter freestyle.	1
PalmSource unveils  #39;smart phone #39; operating system In an effort to ring up more sales, PalmSource Inc., of Sunnyvale, known for making the operating system for the Palm handheld computer, on Tuesday introduced a new operating system for so-called  quot;smart phones.	3
Iraqi leader backs January poll Iraq's interim president says Ghazi al-Yawar the 30 January poll must go ahead, despite continuing violence.	0
Sudan refugees report new attacks More Sudanese refugees flee across the border into Chad following reports of renewed violence in the Darfur region.	0
Sony, Samsung agree to share toys Sony and Samsung have entered into a far-reaching technology licensing agreement that opens stacks of each company #39;s intellectual properties to the other.	3
JUDGE LETS HOLLINGER REFILE AGAINST BLACK Hollinger International #39;s legal fight against its disgraced former CEO Conrad Black is far from over. Less than a week after a judge dismissed racketeering claims brought 	2
Yankees Miffed With Way Game Was Postponed (AP) AP - The New York Yankees are annoyed at the commissioner's office over the way their game against the Tampa Bay Devil Rays was postponed.	1
Iraqis May Extend Election Amid Violence  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq may modify plans for its first  free election to give people more time to vote next month,  officials said Wednesday as suicide bombers and gunmen again  struck Sunni Muslim towns north and west of the capital.	0
Bank of New York Quarterly Profit Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bank of New York Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BK.N&lt;/A&gt;, which  operates the oldest U.S. bank, on Wednesday said third-quarter  profit rose, helped by year-over-year growth in securities  servicing fees.	2
US sniffs at Myanmar prisoner release WASHINGTON, Nov 19 (AFP) - The United States on Friday pronounced itself unimpressed by this week #39;s mass release of nearly 4,000 prisoners from jails in military-run Myanmar and demanded immediate freedom for all political detainees, including opposition 	0
Space launch gets Transport Canada go-ahead SASKATOON -- Transport Canada approved yesterday an application for a suborbital space launch by a Canadian team competing in an international race to put civilians into space.	3
The biggest Mac is resting THE Australian chief executive of McDonald #39;s is recuperating after more surgery, the world #39;s largest fast-food company said.	2
Judge Gives US Airways OK to Cut Workers Pay by 21 Percent A federal bankruptcy judge in Alexandria has granted US Airways permission to immediately cut the pay of its union workers by 21 percent.	2
IMF chief asks oil producing nations to boost investment GENEVA: International Monetary Fund (IMF) managing director Rodrigo Rato on Friday called on oil-producing nations to boost investment in production facilities in response to ever rising oil prices.	2
Manning Tames Bears Peyton Manning tosses four touchdown passes and Edgerrin James punishes the Bears' defense with 204 yards as the Colts roll to a 41-10 victory Sunday.	1
Branson reaches for the stars Strapped in, flat on their backs, passengers will accelerate to 4000km/h in just 25 seconds. For no more than five minutes they will float about, 130km above planet Earth.	3
General Mills to make all cereals whole grain MINNEAPOLIS - The Trix Rabbit and that Lucky Charms leprechaun are going on a whole-grain diet. General Mills announced on Thursday that it will convert all of its breakfast cereals to whole grain.	2
A Bright Money-Saving Idea WEST ORANGE, NJ-October 12, 2004 - If you #39;re looking to do some home improvements, officials want you to see how you can save money too.	2
Cytec pays \$1.87b for UCB unit Cytec Industries said Friday it will pay \$1.87 billion to Belgian chemical company UCB for its Surface Specialties unit, the Wall Street Journal reported.	2
Davenport's Victory Over Williams May Not Be Enough  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Top-ranked Lindsay Davenport pulled  off a stunning 3-6, 7-5, 6-1 win over Serena Williams at the  WTA Tour Championships Saturday, but her battling effort may  still might not be enough to get her into the semifinals.	1
Makybe Diva joins racing immortals MAKYBE Diva joined racing #39;s immortals with a commanding win in the \$4.6 million Melbourne Cup today. Backed into 5-2 favouritism by a flood of money from around the country, she became the first mare to win 	1
Spurrier should pass on returning to Florida Wanted: one football coach. Prior head-coaching experience required (fool us once, shame on us). Must be able to win big yesterday.	1
Pinochet faces murder case probe A Chilean court strips former ruler Augusto Pinochet of his immunity over the murder of his predecessor as army chief.	0
UPDATE 1-Citigroup to acquire First American Bank of Texas Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) the world #39;s largest financial services company, said on Tuesday it will acquire First American Bank in the quickly-growing Texas market.	2
Thai officials placate south with release of prisoners Thailand #39;s prime minister announced yesterday that hundreds of Muslims detained after a riot in the country #39;s restive south would be freed, in a bid to ease tensions over the deaths of 85 accused rioters - including 78 who died in military custody.	0
Marsh   McLennan Scraps Contested Fees  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, on  Tuesday said it will stop accepting fees at the heart of a  lawsuit by New York's attorney general accusing the world's  largest insurance broker of rigging prices.	2
China #39;s high-tech hero Liu Chuanzhi,chairman of Lenovo, theChinese computer company, clearly recalls his early tentative dealings with International Business Machines, the mighty US technology group, in 1985.	2
IBM Halts Pension Plan for New Hires  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; will offer future  employees a 401(k) pension plan instead of a fixed pension, the  company said on Thursday, backing away from a controversial  policy that reduced retirement payouts and stirred employee  ire.	2
Crude Oil May Rise on Supply Concern, Survey Shows (Update2) Crude oil may rise for a sixth week, after reaching a record \$55 a barrel in New York, on concern supply cuts from Norway, Nigeria or Iraq may deter refiners from building winter fuel inventories, a Bloomberg survey shows.	2
Barroso Commission approved The European Parliament has approved Jose Manuel Barroso #39;s revamped executive European Commission by a wide margin, ending a three-week political standoff that boosted the assembly #39;s power.	0
Peru's Toledo Wants New Judges for Guzman Retrial  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peruvian President Alejandro Toledo  said on Saturday he wanted new judges to try Shining Path  leader Abimael Guzman after the "shameful spectacle" he staged  at the start of his terrorism retrial, punching the air with  his fist and chanting rebel slogans.	0
Spyware Legislation To Take Effect Jan. 1 Some experts doubt whether the California law will have much impact on illegal spyware activity. By George V. Hulme. A new California law aimed at curbing spyware, software applications that surreptitiously 	3
Skype offers free wireless voice calls Internet telephony firm Skype today promised free wireless voice calls for millions of European surfers via a version of its software for the recently launched Siemens Gigaset DECT cordless phones.	3
Mickelson, Els, Goosen, Hamilton all very close By now, you know the story. Vijay Singh grew up poor in Fiji. Took up golf because of his father. Quit school to turn pro as a teenager but was kicked off the Asian Tour.	1
N.Koreans Seek Refuge at Japan School in China (Reuters) Reuters - Seven people claiming to have defected\from North Korea sought refuge in a Japanese school in Beijing\on Friday, Japanese government officials said.	0
Hedge Funds Ponder New Ways to Make Money  LONDON (Reuters) - Hedge funds, faced with falling profits  and fading opportunities, are pondering fresh ways to make  money, with one new strategy involving trading a company's debt  against its equity, analysts said.	2
Hip-hop rings put 'bling' in cell phones Sprint, others hope to hear more ka-ching with "bling tones," cellular ring tones created by hip-hop artists.	3
Car bomb explodes in Mosul, wounding 5 MOSUL, Iraq -- A car bomb exploded Friday near an American armored vehicle in the northern Iraq city of Mosul, wounding five US soldiers, the military said.	0
Iraq captors repeat Bigley tactics British-Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan #39;s captors have released a tape of her pleading for Tony Blair to save her life, repeating a tactic used with political effect in the case of slain hostage Kenneth Bigley.	0
Nextel Gets Navy Cell Phone Contract Nextel Communications Inc. said Monday that it received a contract worth up to \$100 million to provide the Navy with cell phone service.	2
Celetics Pound Knicks Paul Pierce scores 28 points, and the Celtics win for the first time this season in the Knicks' home opener.	1
Actuate moves to take enterprise reporting to open source Business intelligence software vendor Actuate Corp. is hitching its wagon to the open-source movement in the hope of seeing its applications get even broader acceptance in the marketplace.	2
Astronomers: More Earths Likely Two separate teams of astronomers find Neptune-size planets beyond our solar system. Earth-like planets are just around the corner, they say. By Amit Asaravala.	3
Earnhardt Jr. Wins Another Talladega Race Dale Earnhardt Jr. charged from 11th place to a victory and the series points lead in the last five laps of Sunday's NASCAR Nextel Cup race.	1
Study shows governments' open-source embrace Dozens of government proposals arise, but never get off the ground.	3
U.N. Bolstering Troops on Congo Border (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations is sending\extra peacekeepers to Congo's North Kivu province, which will\improve security in the area after Rwanda threatened to carry\out a strike against rebels operating on Congolese soil, a U.N.\spokesman said on Wednesday.	0
Ailing Serena Crashes Out  VIENNA (Reuters) - Serena Williams looked so ill she could  barley lift her racket at times as she suffered a 7-6, 6-2  defeat to Russian qualifier Alina Jidkova in the second round  of the Linz Open WTA tournament Wednesday.	1
Anger at Hardie as fund folds MORE than 700 asbestos disease victims face reduced payouts in the immediate future after James Hardie #39;s compensation fund today applied for provisional liquidation.	2
CEOs See More Hiring, Capital Spending A quarterly survey of U.S. chief\executives showed they plan to increase hiring and capital\spending, despite recent soft economic data, concerns about\sluggish job growth and high energy prices.	2
US Consumer Confidence Tumbles in August (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. consumer confidence fell sharply\in August, breaking four straight months of gains, as a\slowdown in job creation and rising oil prices weighed on\sentiment.	2
Mistakes Are Abundant Missed tackles, penalties and other assorted errors marked Maryland's intrasquad scrimmage Saturday, a dire portent of another slow start.	1
Wal-Mart Launches Rare Newspaper Ad Blitz  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, hurt by  sluggish sales over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, on Friday  launched a rare advertising blitz in newspapers around the  United States focusing on its price cuts.	2
Framingham's Noel gets first-team honors Framingham resident Arly Noel, a junior midfielder on the Mount Ida College of Newton men's soccer team, was named to the All-North Atlantic Conference first team after finishing among the nation's top 30 NCAA Division 3 players with a team-high 11 assists.	1
ISS Crew Successfully Redocks Soyuz Spacecraft (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - The tenth crew of the \International Space Station (ISS) made a short spaceflight early Monday to move a Russian lifeboat \to a new docking port and prepare the station for a pair of upcoming spacewalks.	3
UPDATE 4-Intel cuts revenue outlook; stock declines Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday cut its third-quarter revenue and profit margin forecast after demand for both its computer microprocessors 	2
Ericsson To Build China Telecom #39;s Next-Generation IP Backbone &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; STOCKHOLM, Sweden --(Business Wire)-- Dec. 10, 2004 -- Ericsson (NASDAQ:ERICY) has been awarded a contract by China Telecom Corporation Limited (China Telecom) for building its next-generation IP backbone 	3
Negative Attacks Often Prove Effective (AP) AP - While politicians decry negative advertising and personal attacks, the bottom line is that such tactics often work.	0
HLRadzinski scores for Fulham; Cole strikes for Arsenal in Premier &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON (CP) - Canadian Tomasz Radzinski scored his first goal for Fulham and Arsenal stayed atop the English Premier League with a 1-0 win at Manchester City on Saturday.	1
Australia, China Cos. to Look for Nickel Australian nickel miner WMC Resources will explore for nickel and copper in western China in a joint venture with China #39;s Jinchuan Group, the companies said Friday.	2
African Gold Miner Sues Suitor in US By Reuters. Gold Fields said yesterday that it had filed suit in the United States against Harmony Gold Mining, a rival South African miner, in an attempt to stop Harmony #39;s hostile \$7.	2
This information has been provided by the State Statistics Committee The Cassini spacecraft has discovered two new moons at Saturn that may be the smallest bodies seen so far around the ringed planet, according to a NASA press release. 	3
Victory in Moldova Vogts pledges and predicted the victory would be more impressive than Italy #39;s. The German knows he could be sacked if Scotland 	1
Napster beams songs to Windows smart phones Napster has extended its US music download store and subscription service to Windows Mobile 2003 Second Edition-based Smartphones.	3
Iraqi Officials Consider Extending Voting Period BAGHDAD - Iraq #39;s Independent Electoral Commission said on Wednesday it may consider holding next month #39;s elections over an extended period, as Prime Minister Iyad Allawi had suggested.	0
Grizzlies #39; new downtown arena ready to open Towering over historic Beale Street, the NBA #39;s newest arena -- and one of its flashiest -- is almost ready for business. The \$250 million FedExForum scheduled a Labor Day party for the 	2
Chelsea settles for draw while Everton continues to win London, England (Sports Network) - Not much was expected from Everton this season, especially after the departure of star striker Wayne Rooney to Manchester United.	1
Rice won #39;t be a Lion While the Oakland Raiders might be willing to deal the soon-to-be Hall of Fame receiver before the Oct. 19 trade deadline, the Detroit Lions aren #39;t interested.	1
France intensifies efforts to secure hostages' release (AFP) AFP - The French government intensified efforts to secure the release of two journalists held hostage by Islamic militants in Iraq, a day after they were shown on Arabic television pleading for their lives.	0
Italian GP Qualifying: McLaren West McLaren Mercedes driver Kimi Raikkonen will start tomorrow #39;s Italian Grand Prix at Monza from seventh position whilst team mate David Coulthard is in tenth place for the last European race of the 2004 season.	1
Specialty Foods, General Donlee funds sink on suspended or cut &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Non-energy income trusts are disappointing investors, with two more cutting or suspending their cash distributions to unitholders this week and causing the value of their units to plummet.	2
VeriSign Accelerates DNS Verisign (Quote, Chart) has launched its new name server initiative, a move designed to improve the speed with which .com and .net DNS zone files are updated.	3
Red Hat to pay \$20 million for Netscape assets Linux reseller Red Hat said Thursday it was buying some Netscape assets from America Online for \$20.5 million in cash. The Raleigh-based company said it would acquire Netscape Directory Server and Netscape 	3
Ukraine braces for presidential vote Tension was high in Ukraine Saturday as the nation prepared to vote for a new president in an election that pits West against East.	0
A pick-me-up at QB Flash back to draft day, when Eli Manning held aloft a San Diego Chargers jersey with all the excitement of a child unwrapping a pair of socks on Christmas Day. Soon after, the Giants tabbed Philip Rivers and shipped him out west in exchange for the No. 1 pick, and both teams were satisfied.	1
Verizon launches Iobi phone manager service Verizon Communications on Tuesday launched its Iobi service that merges regular telephone lines with Internet-based features such as voice messages available through e-mail and automatic call forwarding.	3
Fans  #39;disgusted #39; by Tigers #39; fate ATLANTA -- After watching Auburn University #39;s football team finish a perfect regular season yet remain on the outside of the national championship picture, Doyle King is experiencing a familiar and not-so-welcome feeling these days.	1
Coke, EU near antitrust settlement Sources say agreement bars Coca-Cola from manipulating retailers to give its products an edge. BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Coca-Cola and the European Commission were poised to settle a long-running antitrust case Friday, people familiar with the situation said.	2
Sri Lanka government offered elusive majority (Reuters) Reuters - A small Sri Lankan party offered its support to the island's coalition government on Friday, which would give the ruling alliance a working majority in parliament, but it stopped short of joining the government.	0
Update 1: ConAgra Reports Drop in 1Q Earnings ConAgra Foods Inc. reported a 30 percent drop in first-quarter earnings on Wednesday, citing sales lost from discontinued operations and higher costs for materials.	2
Martha #39;s furniture line about to grow Martha Stewart may be living in prison cell basics, but outside her company soldiers on. Now, it sees a future in furniture. The jailed diva #39;s company rolled out additions to its Signature furniture 	2
Napster founder back with new file-sharing venture The kid who sparked the digital music revolution says he #39;s back to finish the job. As a 19-year-old college freshman, Shawn Fanning created Napster, the file-sharing software program 	3
Apple unveils color iPod, U2 edition Mac maker unveils color screen version of popular iPod music player, in addition to special-edition version in partnership with the rock band U2.	3
Annan backs US bidon Sudan resolution UNITED NATIONS Annan backs US bid on Sudan resolution Secretary General Kofi Annan yesterday threw his weight behind a US-drafted resolution on Sudan's Darfur region, saying the Security Council should adopt it immediately to stop atrocities.  quot;It is urgent to act now. Civilians are still being attacked and fleeing their villages as we speak, quot; Annan told reporters of the resolution ...	0
Consumer confidence at seven-month low in US Washington - US consumers #39; confidence skidded for a third consecutive month in October as they fretted over jobs, a Conference Board survey showed yesterday.	2
For Kerry, Thinking Globally Began at a Young Age  From the beginning, John F. Kerry has formed his presidential campaign around his service in the Vietnam War. But it is another war, World War II, that shaped his belief that the United States is more effective on the global stage when it works closely with other countries.	0
Verizon Catches the NextWave Arguably the longest running soap-opera drama in the wireless industry has announced its final episode: Verizon Wireless (NYSE: VZ) announced plans to acquire assets of a reorganized 	2
Colombia's Congress to Let Uribe Run Again (AP) AP - Colombia's Congress gave final approval to a bill to allow President Alvaro Uribe to run for re-election, a move aimed at giving the hard-line leader more time to fight a leftist insurgency and drug trafficking.	0
Cadbury Says Annual Results to Be at Low End of Range (Update4) Cadbury Schweppes Plc, the maker of 7Up and Dr Pepper, said 2004 earnings will be at the low end of forecasts as demand in the US and Europe stagnates, days after Coca-Cola Co.	2
Angels #39; Jeff DaVanon hits for the cycle Jeff DaVanon became the fourth player in Anaheim Angels history -nd first in more than 13 years  -hit for the cycle, accomplishing the feat Wednesday night against the Kansas City Royals.	1
Walker may buy back Iceland stores FORMER chairman of frozen food supermarket chain Iceland, Malcolm Walker, is being linked to a possible buy- back of the business, now trading as part of the Big Food Group.	2
Jets: Injured shoulder KO #39;s Pennington 2-4 weeks But he felt unwanted in Dallas and resented that the Cowboys had brought in veteran Vinny Testaverde to challenge him this past off-season.	1
India in high spirits before second Test: Sports India, Cricket: Kolkata, Nov 27 : With the revocation of captain Sourav Ganguly #39;s two-match suspension, a resurgent Indian team is looking forward to the second and final Test against South Africa beginning at the Eden Gardens here Sunday.	1
Israel's Sharon Vows to Expel Arafat (AP) AP - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed in an interview published Tuesday to expel Yasser Arafat from the West Bank "at a convenient time," saying he saw no difference between the Palestinian leader and top Hamas militants killed by Israel.	0
Earning the People #39;s Trust A few days ago I made a 24-hour visit to Tbilisi, the capital of Georgia, as part of a group of Russian journalists at the invitation of the Georgian government and President Mikheil Saakashvili.	2
Man knifes 12 primary school children in north-east China : Beijing, Dec 3 : A man intruded into a primary school in north-east China #39;s Jilin province today and slashed 12 grade one pupils, four of them seriously.	0
Deportivo goes down at home La Coruna, Spain (Sports Network) - Osasuna overcame a red card to shock Deportivo La Coruna Sunday, 3-1. Deportivo took a 1-0 lead into halftime on a Walter Pandiani strike in the 19th minute.	1
Lone Star Boom and Bust The steel tubing company reports sharply higher earnings, but the stock is falling.	2
Officer in Kerry Motorcade Hurt in Pa. (AP) AP - A highway patrol officer traveling Friday with Sen. John Kerry's motorcade fell off his motorcycle and suffered minor injuries.	0
 #39;97 Triple Crown contender will be stud overseas MIDWAY, Ky. -- Silver Charm, who barely missed winning the Triple Crown in 1997, was sold to the Japan Racing Association and will stand at stud in that country next year.	1
Microsoft announces Istanbul LCS client Microsoft Corp. is developing a new front-end application for its upcoming Live Communications Server (LCS) 2005 instant messaging server that links LCS 2005 with end-users' telephones.	3
Three share lead at Southern Farm Bureau Classic Madison, MS (Sports Network) - Harrison Frazar shot a seven-under-par 65 on Thursday to share the lead with Glen Day and John Senden after the opening round of the Southern Farm Bureau Classic at Annandale Golf Club.	1
US  #39;concerned #39; on Suu Kyi #39;s fate The United States has added its voice to a chorus of international concern over the continued detention of Myanmar #39;s opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi.	0
Carter's Subtle Mistake Costs the Jets a Game A mistake surfaced at the worst possible time during Quincy Carter's debut as the starter in place of the injured Chad Pennington.	1
Loss Hard to Defend Ravens Coach Brian Billick said the team needs to improve in all areas after a 27-26 loss to Cincinnati, in which they blew a 17-point.	1
Witness says Marine hit, kicked prisoner CAMP PENDLETON, Calif. -- A Marine sergeant kicked an aging, overweight Iraqi in the chest out of anger and frustration when the handcuffed and hooded prisoner failed to follow orders, a guard at the same detention facility testified yesterday.	0
Afghan women blaze a trail ATHENS, Greece -- At 14.14 seconds, Robina Muqimyar posted the second-slowest time among 63 women in the 100-meter trials. But she and judo competitor Friba Razayee also have achieved historic firsts -- they 	1
Wenger fined and reprimanded for Man United comments LONDON: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been fined 15,000 pounds (\$NZ41,100) for improper conduct for comments he made after the champions #39; 2-0 defeat by Manchester United in October.	1
Egypt signs trade deal with Israel, US amid criticism and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Egypt wants jobs. Israel wants a meaningful peace. On Tuesday, they signed an agreement that they hope will fulfill both their goals and maintain the momentum for revitalized Mideast peace negotiations.	0
Bangladesh calls in Interpol over bombing of political rally (AFP) AFP - Bangladesh has called in Interpol to assist investigations into the August 21 grenade attack on an opposition rally which killed 20 people, a senior police officer said.	0
Jawa in Jersey May the Force be with Mike Degirolamo when he goes up against the city council of Gloucester Township, N.J. Missing Links	3
Saluting the data encryption legacy Security technologist Bruce Schneier explains that while cryptography is one of the most basic tools of computer security, it barely existed as an academic discipline 30 years ago.	3
McAfee Beefs Up VirusScan Security Updated antivirus software for businesses adds intrusion prevention features.	3
PalmOne ponders OS options Handheld-computer maker PalmOne is considering moves that would take it beyond the operating system that helped make the company a household name.	3
Qualcomm pays \$170 million for display start-up The wireless company buys a majority stake in Iridigm, developer of a brighter, low-cost alternative to LCD screens.	3
The Tax Man May Take a Bite  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks may come under pressure next  week as investors sell shares at year's end to prepare for tax  season. But crude oil prices, earnings outlooks and moves in  the dollar will also be closely watched.	2
Jobless Claims Rise on Back of Hurricane  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The ranks of Americans filing for  initial unemployment compensation swelled last week but at  least half of this increase was linked to devastation wrought  by Hurricane Charley earlier this month, the government said on  Thursday.	2
Giants Are Wary of Vick, on the Ground or in the Air The Giants' defense has thought about little else except Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick this week.	1
Chinas fixed-asset investment eases slightly Chinas fixed-asset investment in October was up 26.4 percent from a year earlier, down from the previous month but at a level analysts said was still high enough for Beijing to keep a tight grip on credit.	2
Telecom denial over AAPT Telecom yesterday denied its AAPT consumer business in Australia was on the block, reports NZPA. The company played down chief financial officer Marko Bogoievski #39;s statement in a media report from New York 	2
Worker morale may take toll on airlines It is a management truism that low morale among workers inevitably results in low productivity, low quality, erosion of customer loyalty and, ultimately, lower profits.	2
New IPC Athletes #39; Committee members announced The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) announced here on Monday the list of the newly-elected Athletes #39; Committee. An IPC official at once claimed it a balanced unit and 	1
Dhaka tense after grenade blasts kill 16 Police are patrolling the streets of the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, after a series of grenade blasts killed at least 16 people. At least seven grenades were thrown at a rally yesterday of more than 3,000 supporters of the main opposition Awami League.	0
Rivals target Miller scalp In the overall standings the 27-year-old Miller, in outstanding form this season, has a 391 point lead over defending champion Hermann Maier of Austria.	1
ASEAN ministers to talk free trade Southeast Asian economic ministers meet this weekend with counterparts from regional powerhouses China, Japan and South Korea in an effort to liberalize trade and boost business.	2
Yankees face Red Sox next as expected Kind of makes you wonder why they had to play those first 166 games, doesn #39;t it? It was always going to be Yankees-Red Sox. The entire season built to this, the same way last season did.	1
Japan gives OK to Sun desktop suite Ministry of Economy Trade and Industry will consider company's open-source desktop suite for future bids. 	3
Leaders Sign European Union's First Constitution The treaty was the result of 28 months of sometimes acrimonious debate, and now faces ratification in national parliaments.	0
Google Warns on Revenue Growth Google has warned that the rapid revenue growth it experienced in the third quarter may not continue in the fourth quarter and beyond.	2
Typhoon Tokage takes Tokyo TOKYO -- Officials say 63 people are dead and more than two dozen missing after Typhoon Tokage ripped across Japan. One resident of a small Japanese island said his mother was buried alive by a mudslide, telling 	0
New Accounts Boost Omnicom Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Omnicom Group  on Tuesday\reported a higher quarterly profit as the world's largest\advertising group added several high-profile accounts to its\roster and benefited from higher global ad spending.	2
Web Site for Complaints Sparks Lawsuit When Alan and Linda Townsend were unhappy with the sprayed-on siding applied to their house, the frustrated couple launched a Web site to complain and to give other unsatisfied customers a forum.	3
Pentagon Widens Access to Web Site for Overseas Voters (Reuters) Reuters - A Pentagon-run Web site intended to\make it easier for Americans overseas to vote by absentee\ballot has been modified to broaden access to the site, the\Defense Department said on Wednesday.	3
UNCTAD Urges Complete Africa Debt Write-Off (Reuters) Reuters - Africa's debt must be completely written\off if the continent is to have a chance of meeting\international goals on reducing poverty, a United Nations body\argued on Thursday.	0
Company: Ameritrade Hldg Corp New With presidential election-related uncertainty safely in the past, retail investors have returned to the US stock market with gusto, and they #39;re likely to stay engaged, several trading companies said Friday.	2
Google Wins GEICO Trademark Suit over Keywords The decision left undecided whether the sale of GEICO #39;s trademarks by Google or any other search engine, in and of itself, violates the trademark laws or other laws.	2
Donald finds the taste for battle after shaky start In the wake of the Montgomery-Woods skirmishes already commenced, we half expected to find the bloody detritus of combat as two virgin soldiers prepared for action on this dank, grey opening morning.	1
Calif. Plan Aims to Add Solar Energy to Homes (Reuters) Reuters - California should try to add\solar energy systems to 1 million homes by 2017 to save\electricity and cut pollution from power plants, Gov. Arnold\Schwarzenegger said on Friday.	3
Card fraud prevention 'pays off' Fraud on UK credit cards has fallen - but identity fraud is on the up, a survey from analysts Datamonitor finds.	3
Database to trace stolen phones Thames Valley Police joins a national mobile database to trace owners of stolen phones.	3
Sky Captain Barely Stays Aloft The first film to be shot entirely against a blue screen boasts a striking visual style and deft references to adventure classics. But ultimately it's a bland tale. Jason Silverman reviews Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow.	3
Magic #39;s Garrity Activated From Injured List Oakland, CA -- The Orlando Magic activated forward Pat Garrity from the injured list on Friday and placed forward Brandon Hunter on the IL with a hyperextended right elbow.	1
Europe probe arrives at the Moon The Smart 1 lunar probe has entered into orbit around the Moon, the first ever European mission to do so.  quot;Europe has arrived at the Moon, we #39;re in lunar orbit, quot; said Professor David Southwood, director of science for the European Space Agency (Esa).	3
Microsoft revenue hits \$9.1B in Q1 Microsoft today reported first quarter 2005 revenue of \$9.19 billion and net income of \$2.9 billion, figures that exceeded the company's guidance from July.	3
Motorsport: Solberg #39;s stage hat-trick PETTER SOLBERG and Welsh co-driver Phil Mills reeled in Wales Rally GB leader Sebastien Loeb with a stage win hat-trick yesterday.	1
Update 1: Defense Begins Case in Enron Barge Trial Unwritten assurances from Enron Corp. to keep trying to sell Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. #39;s \$7 million interest in three power-generating barges wasn #39;ta  quot;legal impediment quot; to making that investment, an in-house lawyer for the brokerage testified Monday.	2
Human gene number slashed Human genome researchers have said we have about 10,000 or 20,000 fewer genes than they originally estimated.	3
Barclays Buys CIBC US Credit Card Unit for \$293 Mln (Update5) Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Barclays Plc, the UK #39;s third-biggest lender by assets, agreed to buy the US credit card business of Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce for \$293 million to expand into the world #39;s biggest credit card market. 	2
Johansson beats Agassi in final STOCKHOLM, Sweden (Ticker) - With the support of the home crowd, Sweden #39;s Thomas Johansson finally beat Andre Agassi. Johansson rallied from a set down and defeated the top-seeded Agassi, 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 (7-4 	1
Brown Absorbs Shots Texas Head Coach Mack Brown has been the focus of most Longhorn fans' bashes. And Brown, rightly or wrongly, is the first one to say that it is he, not the players, who should shoulder the blame.	1
Stocks Surge on Oracle, PeopleSoft Merger (AP) AP - Investors welcomed the end of Oracle Corp.'s 18-month battle to take over PeopleSoft Inc., pushing stocks higher Monday. A better-than-expected survey of retail sales also helped the markets.	3
Eurozone economy awash with liquidity, M3 money supply data show (AFP) AFP - The eurozone economy is awash with excess liquidity and that could signal inflationary dangers ahead for the 12 countries that share the euro, official data showed.	2
Harmony #39;s hostile takeover bid sparks court challenge in South &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A battle over a hostile takeover bid to create the world #39;s largest gold mining group has spilled over into court, with Gold Fields Limited (GFI) accusing rival Harmony of being in breach of South African criminal laws.	2
Amnesty expresses concern over Haiti #39;s justice system A delegation from the human rights group Amnesty International expressed concern Thursday about  quot;serious problems quot; in Haiti #39;s police force and justice system as the team ended a visit after more than a month of sporadic 	0
Microsoft focuses on camera connections Software giant announces new tools for plugging digital cameras into PCs.	3
A #39;s catch Angels; Ichiro still hit away from tying Sisler Ichiro Suzuki went home quietly, still waiting for the big hit he #39;s been chasing. Bobby Crosby sent the Athletics into a decisive weekend series against Anaheim with the biggest hit of Oakland #39;s season.	1
Internet Explorer susceptible to new market share vulnerability Jim Barksdale is probably laughing his fool head off. Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer, the Web browser with which Microsoft crushed Barksdale #39;s Netscape Navigator, is slipping in popularity and it #39;s Microsoft #39;s own damn fault.	3
At least 300 dead in Philippines #39; floods and landslides At least 300 people have died, and another 150 are missing, in floods and landslides unleashed by a storm which struck the northern Philippines.	0
Throw minnows back says Ponting Cricket is safe from pretzels and popcorn for a while longer, judging by yesterday #39;s nine-wicket defeat for the United States.	1
DeLay, Republicans Reverse Indictment Rule Change (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. House of Representatives\Majority Leader Tom DeLay of Texas got fellow Republicans on\Monday to reverse a recent rule change that would have allowed\him to keep his leadership post even if indicted.	0
National League Playoff Game Capsules Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Morgan Ensberg went 2-for-4 and drove in three runs to lead Houston over Atlanta 8-5 in Game 3 of their National League Division Series at Minute Maid Park.	1
Chain Store Sales Mixed in Latest Week (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chain store retail sales saw a\slight decline of 0.3 percent on a week-over-week basis. \However, on a year-over-year basis, the sales momentum remained\strong at 3.5 percent, a report said on Tuesday.	2
EU settles antitrust case with Coke Coca-Cola Co. has agreed to change sales practices that helped it win roughly half of the soft-drink market in Europe. The agreement is part of a settlement of a long-running antitrust investigation by the European Union.	2
Iraq's Sadr Prepares to Hand Over Najaf Shrine (Reuters) Reuters - A radical cleric prepared to hand\control of a shrine at the heart of a Shi'ite uprising in Iraq\to religious authorities on Friday, but still rejected demands\by the interim prime minister to disband his militia.	0
Topix Delivering Local News Search to Ask Jeeves Topix Delivering Local News Search to Ask Jeeves\\Topix.net today announced that it has been selected by Ask Jeeves, Inc. to provide news to Ask Jeeves for its Local News channel. Through this partnership, Ask Jeeves becomes the first major search engine to feature Topix.net's news technology.\\Topix.net provides visitors to Ask ...	3
Republican National Convention Donors (AP) AP - A local committee helping the Republican National Committee hold its New York convention raised roughly  #36;60 million to  #36;70 million in private money for the event. Corporate donors include:	0
Free Google search for PC desktops Google has released a free search tool which sits on the PC desktop and can search its host computer for virtually anything. Launched on Thursday, it blends a search of hard-drive files, emails, recently visited 	2
Honda/IBM improve speech-recognition system Honda Motor Co., with software help from IBM, is preparing to introduce an improved speech-recognition system as standard equipment on the 2005 Acura RL sedan.	3
Virgin Mary on toast, but it #39;s a lot of dough NEW YORK: The Lord may move in mysterious ways but his mother, it is claimed, has chosen a rather ordinary piece of cheese on toast to make herself known to the world.	3
Belichick adjusts as coordinator takes Notre Dame job Bill Belichick took a few minutes Monday to convey his congratulations to his offensive coordinator on becoming Notre Dame #39;s head coach.	1
AMD Will Have An Edge Over Intel Through 2005 Piper Jaffray said Advanced Micro Devices (nyse: AMD - news - people ) should have an edge over Intel (nasdaq: INTC - news - people )  quot;throughout 2005 quot; but resumed coverage of both companies at  quot;market perform quot; and both at price targets of \$25.	3
'GM cocaine grown in Colombia' Drug growers in Colombia are using genetically modified plants to dramatically boost cocaine yields, officials say.	3
Gateway repeats loss forecast Personal computer maker Gateway Inc. said Monday it expects to report revenue and operating loss for its third fiscal quarter, in line with its previous forecast given in July.	2
Goergl ends Miller #39;s winning streak at World Cup Super-G Austrian Stephan Goergl of Austria won a World Cup Super-G race, ending American Bode Miller #39;s three-race winning streak Thurday in the Colorado Rockies.	1
Link Exchange Scams Link Exchange Scams\\Do you ever exchange links with other Web sites? I am sure most of you that do this, look to see if your links are actually on the pages that you exchanged with. In addition, I assume that you check to make sure that the links do not ...	3
Bloodshed in N.Iraq, Govt. Hails Falluja 'Success'  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Guerrillas in Mosul attacked the  governor's office of Iraq's third city on Thursday and there  was bloodshed elsewhere in the north as U.S. forces wound down  their offensive against the shattered rebel stronghold of  Falluja.	0
Nokia licenses SD memory card technology, to join SDCA ESPOO, FinlandNokia Corp. has applied for membership in the SD Card Association and has signed a licensing agreement that enables the use of SD memory cards in its devices.	3
Group backs anti-rollover device An electronic device that senses when a vehicle is about to tip and automatically corrects steering, acceleration and braking can reduce single-vehicle crashes that include deadly rollovers, a safety group said Thursday.	2
Retail Sales Rise Is Biggest in Months  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cooler weather drove U.S. shoppers  into stores in October, with top retailers reporting their  biggest rise in sales in months, but whether this points to a  strong holiday season remains an open question.	2
Woodward Remains England Coach, Will Continue Talks on Future Clive Woodward, who led England to victory at last year #39;s rugby World Cup, will today hold further talks about his future, a day after saying he will quit as coach.	1
Fannie #39;s funny accounting Fannie Mae #39;s newly discovered accounting artifices could give lagging reform efforts in Congress some impetus. Mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are financial behemoths and political sacred cows - escaping 	2
eBay to Drop Support for Microsoft's Passport  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. said on Thursday  that eBay Inc. will soon drop support for its Passport service,  originally intended to make the world's biggest software maker  the gatekeeper of Web identities.	3
Battery Sales Power Gillette Net income rose 14 to \$475 million, or 47 cents a share, thanks to a 15 increase in sales at its Duracell battery unit, which benefited from the series of hurricanes that hit Florida and other parts of the Southeast US during the period.	2
Spadafora appears in Allegheny County court PITTSBURGH The trial for a troubled boxer charged with shooting his then-girlfriend after a traffic mishap has been delayed until next month.	1
Bank warns of soaring debt Soaring household debt and the rise in credit card spending has left Briton #39;s borrowers teetering on the brink of a precipice when it comes to the amount they owe, the Bank of England has warned.	2
Europe Needs Only 3 Points for Ryder Win (AP) AP - Faced with the largest final-day deficit of any U.S. Ryder Cup captain, Hal Sutton sent out his heavy hitters Sunday to try to turn the momentum of what so far has been a European rout.	1
China announces hike in interest rates for the first time in nine &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; China announced Thursday it will raise interest rates for most deposits and loans by more than a quarter point - the first rise in nine years - in a move to cool down the torrid Chinese economy.	2
SANYO to Adopt HD DVD Standard to Develop Next Generation DVDs TOKYO --(Business Wire)-- Aug. 31, 2004 -- SANYO Electric Co., Ltd. (SANYO) has decided to adopt the HD DVD standard promoted in the DVD forum, an international association that brings together some 220 consumer 	3
Fannie Mae Under Inquiry The mortgage company is the target of a formal inquiry by the S.E.C. over its accounting practices, the company said in a regulatory filing on Tuesday.	2
Tszyu TKO's Mitchell IBF junior welterweight champ Kostya Tszyu defends his title by pummeling Sharba Mitchell, knocking him down four times and scoring a third-round TKO on Saturday.	1
Brazil Launches First Rocket Into Space (AP) AP - Brazil successfully launched its first rocket into space, 14 months after a devastating accident that killed 21 space agency employees and damaged the reputation of the country's space program.	3
Nairobi Summit Urges More Progress to Ban Land Mines Diplomats from countries that have signed a treaty banning land-mine use, production, stockpiling, and transfer are assessing the accord #39;s impact at a conference in Nairobi.	0
Wal-Mart expects bumper Christmas The world's largest retailer, Wal-Mart, reports rising profits and says it is optimistic it will see strong sales over the festive season.	2
House OKs Humanitarian Aid for N. Koreans (AP) AP - The United States could spend up to  #36;24 million a year in humanitarian aid for North Koreans, much of it for refugees who have fled the impoverished, totalitarian state, under legislation approved by the House Monday and sent to the president for his signature.	0
Taurasi has 21, Mercury beat Sparks 72-58 PHOENIX -- Rookie Diana Taurasi had 21 points and eight assists to lead Phoenix to a 72-58 victory over Los Angeles on Wednesday night, snapping the Sparks #39; 18-game winning streak over the Mercury.	1
New Year's their day? Boston College's 21-10 victory over Rutgers yesterday was the Eagles' sixth win, making them eligible for a bowl bid. It may even have put them in prime position for a New Year's Day game, even if they lose to West Virginia next week in Morgantown.	1
UN warns of 'growing Gaza crisis' A group of 12 United Nations agencies warn of an impending humanitarian crisis in the Gaza Strip.	0
Sony-Led Group to Acquire MGM for \$3B LOS ANGELES - A consortium led by Sony Corp. has agreed in principle to acquire famed Hollywood studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc...	0
AP: Holtz to Retire, Spurrier May Get Job (AP) AP - Lou Holtz will retire as coach at South Carolina after the season, The Associated Press learned Thursday night, apparently paving the way for Steve Spurrier to replace him.	1
Kidd Cleared to Do Some Work on Court (AP) AP - Jason Kidd was cleared for individual noncontact drills to get his surgically repaired left knee ready for the Nets' season.	1
Not guilty, sir, declares David Hicks David Hicks, centre, faces the US military tribunal in Guantanamo Bay yesterday. His father Terry and stepmother Bev are seated at far left.	0
Virgin launches new digital music service Richard Branson #39;s Virgin Group has become the latest company to throw its hat into the online music ring by launching the Virgin Digital service.	3
Nets 99 Bobcats 86 EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ Richard Jefferson scored 23 points and the New Jersey Nets ended a nine-game losing streak by downing the expansion Charlotte Bobcats 99-to-86.	1
Fan sites buzz with talk of photo-ready iPod SAN FRANCISCO - Is Apple Computer Inc. fine-tuning an enhanced iPod with roughly 50 percent more storage and a color screen to display photos?	3
Your Personal Data Is Often at Risk As Ken Solomon read the letter last month from a company whose software he had bought, one sentence set off alarms: "Your credit or debit card information may be at risk."	3
Dow Down on Oil Prices; Nasdaq Rises NEW YORK - Stocks were mixed Wednesday as a lower reading on manufacturing activity and rising oil prices chilled an early spate of bargain hunting, sending blue chips lower. Technology shares made a modest advance despite brokerage downgrades of two semiconductor companies...	0
Colts 49, Texans 14 The Houston Texans made mistake after mistake Sunday and Manning converted them into touchdown after touchdown. Manning completed 18 of 27 passes for 320 yards and threw five touchdowns for the third time 	1
Chip gear sales now expected to shrink Global sales of chip equipment are expected to fall 5.2 percent next year, an industry group said Wednesday in a sharp reversal of its midyear forecast of 24 percent growth.	2
Powell Looks to Reassure North Korea, Push to Resume Nuclear Talks US Secretary of State Colin Powell is beginning his four-day trip to East Asia Saturday with a visit to Japan. In the coming days, Mr.	0
AU mediators meet Sudan officials ahead of key Darfur security &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ABUJA : African Union mediators met officials of the Sudanese government ahead of crucial talks on the key issue of restoring security in the war-torn western Darfur region.	0
15 Killed In US Strike On Iraqi Hotspot Of Fallujah FALLUJAH, Iraq (AFP) - At least 15 people were killed as US jets spearheaded yet another assault on alleged Al-Qaeda fighters in Fallujah while Iraq #39;s premier warned that key elections may be delayed in areas of unrest.	0
Villarreal nabs Figueroa Primera Liga side Villarreal has confirmed the signing of Luciano Figueroa from Mexican club Cruz Azul in a transfer worth a reported three million euros (\$A5.1million).	1
Explosion in China coal mine, 166 trapped BEIJING, NOVEMBER 28: A gas explosion tore through a coal mine in northern China on Sunday, trapping as many as 166 miners in what could be the worst disaster to hit the worlds most dangerous mining industry in years.	0
Unions suspend strike threat targeting oil in world #39;s No. 7 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Nigeria #39;s main labor union on Monday lifted its threat of a nationwide strike that would have shut down the oil industry in the world #39;s No.	0
Edmonton police find missing teen with fetal alcohol syndrome (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - EDMONTON (CP) - A 14-year-old boy with fetal alcohol syndrome who disappeared when he was allowed to go unsupervised to West Edmonton Mall was found Friday.	0
IMF Chief Urges Argentina to Finish Debt Restructuring Plan The head of the International Monetary Fund has urged Argentina to agree soon to pay private lenders at least part of the \$100 billion in debt the country stopped paying in January 2002.	2
FCC Chair to Seek Net Telephone Oversight (AP) AP - FCC Chairman Michael Powell said Tuesday that he would seek broad regulatory authority for the federal government over Internet-based telephone services to avoid stifling the emerging market.	3
Microsoft Puts the Moves on NetWare Customers Microsoft announced today that they were rolling out a new set of tools under the Mid-Market Netware Migration Program banner, aimed at convincing existing NetWare clients to move to Windows Server 2003 instead of Linux.	3
Final plunge for 10m platform There was nothing much to choose between the top four of world silver medallist Helm, Canada #39;s double Commonwealth champion Despatie and 2000 Olympic gold and silver medallists Tian and Hu after Saturday #39;s semi-final round.	1
Bombers target embassy BASRA: A car bomb exploded near the US embassy office in the southern Iraqi city of Basra yesterday, killing two people and wounding three, but no Americans were injured.	0
Boxing: Victory for superb Tszyu Light welterweight king Kostya Tszyu crushes Sharmba Mitchell in Phoenix to end a 22-month exile from the ring.	0
Downturn hits UBS earnings A SLIDE of 20 in revenues from equity and bond trading knocked UBS #39;s third-quarter financial earnings back sharply. Only a strong performance by its 56-owned Swiss industrial holding company Motor-Columbus 	2
Virginia runs to victory over Clemson CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. - Facing the first real test to its dominance this season, Virginia showed Clemson - and the nation - that its numbers haven #39;t just been built against inferior competition.	1
McAfee #39;s Trojan error ires developer Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.	3
Crude Oil Prices Climb to Record Before US Inventory Report Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Crude oil prices rose to a record in New York before a government report that #39;s expected to show the third straight weekly drop in US crude oil inventories. 	2
Red Sox offer Martinez two-year deal: report CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Boston Red Sox have reportedly made a bid to lure free-agent pitcher Pedro Martinez back to the World Series champions.	1
Virginia Tech Women Upset No. 17 Maryland (AP) AP - Carrie Mason had 16 points for Virginia Tech, which hung on to upset No. 17 Maryland 77-67 in the Hokies' Atlantic Coast Conference debut on Sunday.	1
\$4.5b deal to create steel giant AMSTERDAM -- Steel tycoon Lakshmi N. Mittal yesterday said he would pay \$4.5 billion in cash and stock for US steelmaker International Steel Group Inc., which had been cobbled together by onetime investment banker Wilbur L. Ross Jr. from mills whose parents landed in bankruptcy court.	2
Lleyton Hewitt beats Gilles Muller to win title in Washington Lleyton Hewitt strong first serve and excellent court coverage ended the best week of Gilles Muller #39;s career. Hewitt beat the Luxembourg player 6-3, 6-4 Sunday in the final of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic.	1
Gunmen kill deputy governor of Baghdad Gunmen killed the deputy governor of Baghdad on his way to work on Monday, Iraqi officials said. Hatim Kamil was assassinated in a drive-by shooting this morning, said Baghdad Governor Ali al-Haidari.	0
Grains Found in Georgia Traced to Huge Asteroid Impact ATLANTA (AP) -- A layer of quartz grains found in an east Georgia kaolin mine have been traced to the impact of a giant asteroid that crashed near the mouth of the Chesapeake Bay 35 million years ago.    The 54-mile-wide crater left by the meteor, the sixth-largest in the world, has previously been identified as the source of a rare mineral called Georgiaite...	3
When staff can be more dangerous than hackers COMPANIES here more concerned with preventing computer viruses from attacking them, are neglecting their biggest information security threats - their employees and business partners.	3
Tracy hopes club can take advantage of opportunities Aside from Steve Finley, no Dodgers position starter had postseason experience before Tuesday. By comparison, every member of the Cardinals #39; starting lineup came into the series having played in October.	1
Sprint to Cut 700 Jobs (Reuters) Reuters - Sprint Corp. , said on Friday\it plans to reduce by up to 700 jobs in its business solutions\unit as it realigns its business to focus on wireless and\Internet-based telecommunications offerings.	3
English FA lodges protest over abuse of black players in Spain LONDON (AFP) - The Football Association has written to UEFA and FIFA to complain about racist abuse suffered by England #39;s black players in an under-21 international against Spain in Madrid on Tuesday night.	1
Sun: UltraSparc IV doubles server oomph Sun Microsystems will detail its high-end UltraSparc IV processor Tuesday, a chip code-named  quot;Panther quot; that will roughly double the speed of servers using the current processor.	3
Former OAS Chief Under House Arrest in Bribe Probe  SAN JOSE, Costa Rica (Reuters) - A Costa Rican judge on  Saturday put the former head of the Organization of American  States under house arrest for six months while he is  investigated for bribery claims, judicial officials said.	0
New systems success has let designer prove a point Opinion raged even before NASCAR chairman Brian France unveiled the Nextel Cup championship format in January. As the sun rises in South Florida, 1 of 	1
Time for a new leader England v Azerbaijan - another game for the national side totally overshadowed by David Beckham. This is, of course, a not uncommon phenomena.	1
Microsoft releases Virtual PC 7 (MacCentral) MacCentral - First introduced on Jan. 6, 2004, Microsoft Corp.'s Macintosh  Business Unit on Tuesday will announce the release of Virtual PC 7 for  the Mac. Among the many new features, company executives boast about a  10 percent to 30 percent increase in performance and support for  Apple's Power Mac G5.	3
Apple extends PowerBook screen repair program Apple Computer is offering free replacement screens to owners of 15-inch PowerBook models whose machines have a flaw that causes the screen to display white spots.	3
Jauron treating return to Chicago as he would any other game Dick Jauron is going back to Chicago and if there is any bitterness in his heart, he #39;s not showing it. Jauron was fired as head coach by the Bears last year after the team finished 	1
Shareholders the losers, report charges When Hollinger International bosses Conrad Black and David Radler were selling the company #39;s Canadian newspapers - including the National Post -our years ago, they put more effort into lining their own pockets than getting a good price for the papers 	2
Agents Seek Bigger Voice in Sport's Future  SALVO, North Carolina (Reuters) - A newly formed group of  athletes' representatives are meeting in Miami this week to  seek a larger voice in the development of athletics.	1
British hostage calls home A British UN worker who was kidnapped in Afghanistan by Islamic militants nearly two weeks ago has telephoned her family to say she is still alive.	0
Tax cuts coming for modest-income families, business, says finance &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - It may be a bit early to take this promise to the bank, but Finance Minister Ralph Goodale says he wants to bring in more personal and business tax cuts.	2
Adobe Readies Acrobat 7.0 New products will include a free Acrobat reader with reviewing capabilities.	3
Regulators Seek Information From 2 Firms (AP) AP - American Funds and Edward Jones  amp; Co. are among the financial firms that regulators are requesting information from in a sweeping examination into sales and disclosure of 529 college-savings plans.	2
Wild Crowds, Gunfire Force Hasty Arafat Burial  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - A chaotic crush of mourners  filling the air with gunfire forced a hasty burial of Yasser  Arafat on Friday in the finale to a tumultuous life as the  trailblazer of Palestinian nationalism.	0
Gassee: PalmSource Names Apple Ex-Exec To Replace Benhamou PalmSource (nasdaq: PSRC - news - people ) said Tuesday that it named Jean-Louis Gassee, 60, as chairman. He #39;ll take the mantle from the retiring Eric Benhamou, 48--who also has the chair at 3Com (nasdaq: COMS - news - people ).	2
Cisco Continues SMB Push its so-called  quot;SMB-Class extensions quot; -- to the Cisco Catalyst 4500 Series of modular switches; a new Cisco Network Assistant; and the new Catalyst 4948 fixed switches.	3
Health of Arafat said to deteriorate JERUSALEM -- The health of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat deteriorated yesterday, and Palestinian doctors were rushed to his Ramallah compound in the West Bank to treat what has so far been diagnosed as a stomach disorder, according to senior Palestinian officials.	0
No. 5 Florida St. Nips Wake Forest 20-17 (AP) AP - Xavier Beitia kicked a 22-yard field goal with 1:03 to play to help No. 5 Florida State pull off a surprisingly close 20-17 victory over Wake Forest on Saturday.	1
Kerry Calls Red Sox 'America's Team' (AP) AP - Count Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts among those Boston baseball fans who have waited a lifetime to see the Red Sox win the World Series.	0
Red Sox back in ALCS and on a mission (Sports Network) - Boston Red Sox fans know all too well of past failure, but there #39;s a different aura this year, and it seems their long-standing curse of not winning a World Series since 1918 may finally disappear.	1
iMac G5: Ultimate Computer Reviewing the iMac G5, Steve Rea writes for TechNY.com,  #147;Apple has created a small, powerful, aesthetically appealing, innovated, creative, workable, user friendly, attractive, reliable computer that everyone can use. The ultimate Internet machine. The ultimate music machine. The ultimate graphics machine. The ultimate computing machine. #148; Nov 29	3
'Greenhouse' Gas Rising Over Antarctica (AP) AP - A group of Japanese researchers has found that carbon dioxide levels over the Antarctica rose by over 2.6 percent from six years ago  #151; the first such detection of an increase in a "greenhouse" gas above the southern continent, group members said Tuesday.	3
New minister should keep Indonesian deficit plan, analysts say JAKARTA Jusuf Anwar, Indonesia #39;s new finance minister, must extend the deficit-reduction policies of his predecessor to spur job growth and increase investment in the economy, according to analysts.	0
Cingular, AT amp;T Settle Branding Deal Cingular Wireless LLC said Monday that AT amp;T Corp. and AT amp;T Wireless have extended their licensing agreement in preparation for Cingular #39;s acquisition of the telecom giant #39;s former unit.	2
Arizona changeup Just four days after he was introduced as the Arizona Diamondbacks manager, Wally Backman was fired yesterday following revelations he was arrested twice and had serious financial problems.	1
Yahoo! wants a slice of Desktop Search Market It is almost weird to see these big corporations trying to enter a field so soon one after the other that was ruled by small companies just few weeks ago.	3
 #39;Morning Edition #39; Returns: Making Space for Trash Description: Trash pickups on the International Space Station ended nearly two years ago, when the Columbia disaster halted shuttle flights.	3
US sprinter Gatlin hangs on to beat a blazingly fast field ATHENS - Greece woke up to the Olympics last night, the spirit as it swayed to the music of Zorba #39;s Dance in the Olympic Stadium so infectious, so tantalizing that the finalists in the 100 meters joined in, acting more like dancers than runners minutes 	1
Bush: No apology, no retreat on Iraq UNITED NATIONS - President Bush unapologetically defended his decision to invade Iraq and asked skeptical world leaders on Tuesday to do more to help secure and rebuild the country.	0
Opera Browser - Firefox Not the Only IE Alternative Opera Browser - Firefox Not the Only IE Alternative\\Security flaws have long plagued Internet Explorer (IE), the market-dominating web browser from Microsoft. IE won the early browser wars, not only because it was free and bundled with Windows, but because it had some features and capabilities that its only real ...	3
Maxtor #39;s Tufano Resigns as CEO, President Computer disk drive maker Maxtor Corp. (MXO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said Paul Tufano has resigned as chief executive, president and acting chief financial officer, less 	2
Straw drops 45-minute claim The government #39;s claim that Iraq could fire chemical and biological weapons within 45 minutes was formally withdrawn by the foreign secretary, Jack Straw, yesterday.	0
Cassini Sending Back Data on Saturn Moon (AP) AP - Scientists say the Cassini spacecraft is sending back evidence that Saturn's planet-size moon Titan has some familiar features, but that it still remains one of the strangest worlds.	3
SEC Probes Bank of New York's Pershing  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bank of New York Co. Inc. on Tuesday  said regulators are looking into market-timing trades cleared  by its stock clearing business unit Pershing LLC.	2
Tax Issues May Affect Proposed Rouse Merger The Rouse Co. is working with the Internal Revenue Service to resolve tax issues that could affect its plans to sell itself to a Chicago mall developer by mid-November, according to documents filed yesterday with regulators.	2
Manning and Giants in Line of Fire The players forming rookie quarterback Eli Manning's line of protection have not inspired much confidence lately, least of all among themselves.	1
SEC Bars Some Mutual Fund Fees (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Securities and Exchange\Commission barred U.S. mutual funds on Wednesday from\channeling brokerage commissions toward Wall Street firms based\on their promotion of the funds' shares.	2
Hamas Militants Kill Israeli Soldier Hamas militants broke three weeks of relative calm in Gaza on Tuesday, setting off a bomb in what they said was an elaborate scheme that included a tunnel and a double agent.	0
US  #39;keeper Kasey Keller joins Southampton on loan US goalkeeper Kasey Keller, who lost his starting job at Tottenham, joined Southampton on Friday in a four-week loan deal. Keller has played in only two games for Spurs this season after being 	1
Australia #39;s API Buys New Price Chain For A\$112.4M -2 MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (API.AU) said Monday it agreed to buy health, beauty and lifestyle retailer New Price Retail for A\$112.	2
Tokyo Stocks Edge Up  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average edged up 0.26  percent by midsession on Wednesday after the Bank of Japan's  quarterly "tankan" survey showed a weakening of corporate  sentiment that was in line with expectations.	2
Cellphone That Detects Bad Breath Siemens Mobile, the German telecommunications company, has announced that it is working on a mobile phone that makes users aware when they have bad breath.	3
Judge rules Pritzker case to take place in open court CHICAGO A judge in Chicago has ruled that the Pritzker family #39;s plan to carve up its estimated 15-(B)billion-dollar empire will be conducted in open court.	2
Hurricanes Likely To Cause Insurers #39; Rates To Rise MIAMI -- Four hurricanes in just six weeks are likely going to force Florida #39;s top two insurers to raise rates or reduce their business in the state.	2
The Open Source Threat Open-source software, namely Linux, is nipping more sharply at the heels of Microsoft, leading the software giant to defend itself more fiercely than ever against the insurgent rise of freely distributed, collaboratively coded programs.	3
How Much Hollywood For Comcast? In a first-of-its kind deal, Comcast (Quote, Chart) has struck a broad content distribution pact with Sony Pictures that includes plans to expand its video-on-demand (define) menu.	2
Shake-up folds CSFB into parent ZURICH Credit Suisse Group, Switzerland #39;s second-biggest bank by assets after UBS, said on Tuesday that it would integrate its investment bank Credit Suisse First Boston with its private bank and that it would sell shares in its insurance arm, Winterthur.	2
Oracle Gets Nod from PeopleSoft Shareholders With PeopleSoft stocksholders reportedly tendering some 60 percent of the company #39;s shares, Oracle is pressing forward with its proposed hostile takeover.	2
China to Set Up Wal-Mart Union Branches (AP) AP - China's Communist Party-controlled union is ready to help Wal-Mart Stores Inc. set up union branches at its Chinese outlets "as soon as possible," reports and union officials said Thursday.	0
IT Worker Confidence Takes a Dip IT worker confidence declined in September after several months of increases, but it remains high relative to the confidence of workers in other industries.	3
LG.Philips Posts First Profit Decline in Five Qtrs (Update2) LG.Philips LCD Co., the world #39;s second-largest maker of liquid-crystal displays, posted its first profit decline in five quarters after a glut of screens drove prices lower, a survey of analysts showed.	2
DOD Chooses Linux Clusters Linux Networx has announced that two Department of Defense centers will be using Linux cluster supercomputers from the company to conduct battlefield simulations. The clusters are part of an initiative to modernize the DOD #39;s ...	3
Motive gives single view of distributed apps An emerging trend in application management software is the capability to view distributed applications, deployed on many tiers, as a single entity. Putting the new approach to work, management software vendor Motive will launch three products to help manage distributed applications: Motive Profile, Motive Triage, and Motive Resolution.	3
Man poses as worker to get into palace at Holyrood AN intruder posed as a bogus workman in order to con his way into Holyrood Palace and get within yards of the Royal Apartments. Police were today hunting the man who succeeded in bypassing the palaces security 	0
Ajay Kumar Leads X-43A Hypersonic Flight Research If the southern California coast is favored with clear skies and low turbulence on November 15, it could be a really big day for aviation history and for IISc/IIT Distinguished Alumni Dr Ajay Kumar.	3
Judge Says Milosevic Behavior Almost  #39;Puerile #39; A top judge accused Slobodan Milosevic of behavior verging on the  quot;puerile quot; Tuesday after wrangling with the court about its decision to force him to accept defense lawyers because of his ill health.	0
UN admits DR Congo abuses Secretary-General Kofi Annan says there is clear evidence UN staff sexually abused refugees in DR Congo.	0
Iran Agrees to Full Nuclear Enrichment Freeze  TEHRAN/VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran pledged on Sunday to suspend  its uranium enrichment program to ease concerns that its  nuclear program is aimed at developing weapons, but warned that  the freeze was only temporary.	0
Hopeful Rangers make up ground ARLINGTON - The Texas Rangers are back within two games of the AL West lead following another big comeback win. Michael Young #39;s tying triple sparked a two-run rally in the seventh inning Saturday night, and 	1
Golf: Record earnings for Singh  Vijay Singh leads from start to finish to win the 84 Lumber Classic  and eclipse Tiger Woods' season earnings record.	0
Arbitrator to Hear Artest Appeal Petition (AP) AP - An arbitrator ruled Friday that he has jurisdiction to decide whether the brawl-related suspensions given to Ron Artest and other NBA players can be appealed to someone other than commissioner David Stern.	1
Supah Blitz heads Florida Million card at Calder The last time Supah Blitz raced at Calder he was beaten a dozen lengths in the Memorial Day Handicap. When he returns Saturday for the \$200,000 Carl G. Rose Handicap, the onetime local 	1
LG Unveils Big, Pricey Plasma TV (PC World) PC World - 71-inch HDTV comes with a home stereo system and components painted in 24-karat gold.	3
North Korea #39;s No. 2 Leader Visits China North Korea #39;s second-most senior leader toured a shiny new science park in Beijing Monday, a first stop on visit aimed at finding ways to help the North #39;s moribund economy as much as jump-starting stalled nuclear talks.	0
Bernie puts on the pressure Bernie Ecclestone says the British Grand Prix is dead - but we will have to wait and see if that is actually a reality. Cancelling the British Grand Prix would be a major step for Ecclestone as he is sure 	1
iTunes under fire over UK pricing Apple's iTunes music download service is accused by the Consumers' Association of overcharging UK users. 	2
Dwindling Atlantic Salmon Still King on Canada River (Reuters) Reuters - Atlantic salmon\once teemed up the rivers of eastern Canada in staggering\numbers to spawn in an annual ritual that put the biological\richness of the region on full display.	3
India News  gt; Trucker #39;s strike enters second day: The Delhi government Sunday braced to tackle a rise in prices of essential commodities and vegetables as an indefinite nationwide truckers #39; strike entered its second day.	2
China #39;s IT industry witnessed rapid strides in 2004 : Beijing, Dec 6 : China #39;s IT industry is expected to see a sales revenue of 322.3 billion US dollars in 2004, up 42.3 per cent year-on-year, becoming the country #39;s leading driver for economic growth, a report said today.	2
N.Irish 'Bloody Sunday' Probe Enters Final Phase  LONDONDERRY, Northern Ireland (Reuters) - The  longest-running and costliest public inquiry in British legal  history -- into Northern Ireland's so-called "Bloody Sunday" --  entered its final phase on Monday.	0
Qwest rises on reported settlement WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Qwest Communications International rose more than 5 percent in Friday action amid news that the company has agreed to pay \$250 million to end a federal probe of fraudulent accounting practices employed by former management 	2
Rush rules himself out of Wales manager #39;s job Former Wales and Liverpool striker Ian Rush has ruled himself out of succeeding Mark Hughes as manager of Wales. Rush was only appointed manager of English fourth division side Chester 	1
Australian Teen Surfer Killed by 2 Sharks (AP) AP - Two great white sharks attacked and killed a surfer while his friends watched in horror Thursday off a popular beach in the southern Australian city of Adelaide, authorities said.	0
Rwandan President Warns Forces Will Deal with Rebels in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rwanda #39;s president on Tuesday warned he would send forces after rebels that have launched attacks from neighboring Congo -- and suggested he may already have -- if Congo and the United Nations don #39;t do more to disarm the fighters.	0
Eichel says German payments to the EU should be considered in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;In the meantime, it has been accepted in the EU that the German reunification has caused high burdens for us and therefore is a special problem.	2
United says it has landed tentative pact with pilots United Airlines on Tuesday announced it has secured a tentative contract agreement with its pilots. The agreement makes the pilots the first of United #39;s four big unions to come to initial terms.	2
PGA overhauls system for Ryder Cup points With the US team coming off its worst loss in the 77-year history of the Ryder Cup, it was expected the PGA of America would make some significant changes to its point-selection system.	1
Fan Pursues Bonds Home Run Ball, But Strikes Out  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A baseball fan who bought up 6,458  seats at Los Angeles' Dodger Stadium in the hope of catching  and selling Barry Bonds' 700th home run ball admitted on  Thursday he had probably struck out.	1
Human Right group condemns US The group "Human Rights Watch" has issued a detailed report outlining allegations of torture, abuse and violence against prisoners. Prisoners who have been made to "vanish" by unaccountable agencies.	3
White House Drafts Intel Reform Orders WASHINGTON - The White House has drafted executive orders aimed at implementing the Sept. 11 commission's recommendations for a more powerful intelligence director and a new national counterterrorism center...	0
EBay Reorganizes Senior Management EBay Inc. announced a senior management reorganization Thursday, increasing international responsibilities for three executives and underscoring the significance of the company's tremendously profitable PayPal division.	3
Fans Chant 'Fire Gundy' As Rockets Trounced (AP) AP - The Houston Rockets were finishing up one of their worst performances of the season when a chant rang out from behind the bench.	1
Is XP's Fix Safe? (PC World) PC World - Windows XP Service Pack 2 seems a smooth upgrade for most, but many are\  putting off installing Microsoft's big security patch anyway.	3
Marino says Roethlisberger deserves high praise for impressive &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Bill Parcells called Ben Roethlisberger the best rookie quarterback to play in the NFL since Dan Marino. Ben Roethlisberger and Dan Marino in front of the HBO cameras yesterday at the Steelers #39; practice facility.	1
Bangladesh #39;s Opposition Party Calls for Another Strike The main opposition party in Bangladesh has called for another nationwide strike to protest a deadly grenade attack at a party rally in the capital, Dhaka, eight days ago.	0
Australia acknowledges Iraq move increased risk of terrorist attack (AFP) AFP - Australia's government has admitted for the first time that its decision to participate in the Iraq conflict may have increased the terrorist threat to Australian interests.	0
Beltran powers Astros to game 4 win Julian Tavarez #39;s 2-2 slider to Carlos Beltran was theoretically a good pitch Sunday afternoon. It was low, outside and traveling 81 miles per hour.	1
Athens Games: Best of Greek Past, Present ATHENS, Greece - Little things meant a lot in Athens: a tear from Mia Hamm's eye, or a smile across Jennie Finch's mouth, was as good as gold. A pair of abandoned wrestling shoes, size 13, signaled goodbye for Rulon Gardner...	0
PANATHINAIKOS V ARSENAL MIN-BY-MIN 90 mins Arsenal #39;s woes on their travels in Europe continue as they fail to secure the win, settling for a draw against a well organised Panathinaikos.	1
Baghdad Governor Assassinated; Bombing Kills 10 (Reuters) Reuters - Gunmen killed the Baghdad governor in\Iraq's highest-profile assassination in eight months and a\suicide bomber killed 10 people near the Green Zone on Tuesday\in an escalating campaign to wreck a Jan. 30 election.	0
Airbus Sees Mobile Phones On Planes By 2006 European planemaker Airbus reported progress on Wednesday in plans to allow passengers to use mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006.	3
US Military, Spy Satellites Need More Coordination (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. troops increasingly rely on\data collected by satellites, but the intelligence and military\communities lack a process for coordinating which technologies\to fund, an Air Force official said on Tuesday.	3
Ex-presidents to help with WTC memorial NEW YORK -- The four living former presidents will be honorary leaders of the World Trade Center memorial project, Gov. George Pataki announced Monday.	2
IPO's Success Doesn't Justify Google's Price One of the tongue-in-cheek rules that we column-writers have is, "Often wrong, never in doubt." Take a stand, don't duck and weave too much. But someone as opinionated as I am should not only have no doubt, but shouldn't be wrong too often. No one's perfect, though. As witness the column I wrote three weeks ago as I headed for vacation, warning you not to buy Google at its initial public offering price.	3
CORRECTED: Cocoa Drops, Metals Jump on Weak Dollar  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Cocoa prices sank on Wednesday as  exporters in top-grower Ivory Coast kept up with the arrival of  the new crop, which was halted several times this month by an  outbreak of civil violence and a farmers strike.	2
Mayorga misses rape case hearing Former champion Ricardo Mayorga missed a rape case hearing because he is training for a bout in New York, and a new hearing was set for Oct. 6. Mayorga was to appear Wednesday for an initial hearing following a complaint by a 22-year-old woman.	1
China hikes rates to cool growth China's central bank yesterday raised interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade, signaling deepening unease with the breakneck pace of development and an intent to reign in a construction boom now sowing fears of runaway inflation.	2
Most Japanese Women Shun Birth Control Pill By AIKO HAYASHI    TOKYO (AP) -- Five years ago Japanese women's rights advocates won their battle to legalize the birth control pill. Now they are waging an even tougher fight - getting women to use it...	3
Electronic-Vote Critics Urge Changes to System (Reuters) Reuters - Voting activists on Wednesday\enlisted computer experts, a trained monkey and a man on a\hunger strike in a last-minute pitch to convince officials to\improve the security of electronic vote-counting systems.	3
Personal Tech: Cybersecurity Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro will be online to talk about The Washington Post's special cybersecurity report.	3
Arafat Critically Ill, But Not Deteriorating Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat remained critically ill and unconscious at a military hospital near here Friday, but hospital officials said his condition had not deteriorated.	0
Freescale 1000-worker cull to cost \$65m Savings to be spent caressing customer companies, apparently	3
CA Responsive On Storage Management Computer Associates on Monday unveiled storage-management software designed to help customers keep costs in line. The CA BrightStor r11.	3
My Yahoo Embraces RSS Feeds My Yahoo Embraces RSS Feeds\\I started using RSS in January 2000 after Blake Carver sent me a exasperated e-mail asking why, for heaven's sake, I wasn't using it. Surely, he noted, I could see that RSS was the greatest thing since sliced soap. (He may have used slightly different words.) ...	3
Motorola to acquire MeshNetworks Motorola has agreed to buy MeshNetworks, a developer of technology and products for rapidly deployed, self-creating wireless mobile networks.	2
UN adopts resulotion threatening oil industry sanctions on Sudan Chinese Ambassador to the United Nations Wang Guangya gestures during the UN Security Council vote at the United Nations in New York, Sept.	0
Criminals Prey on Tsunami Victims Across the World  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Thieves, rapists, kidnappers and  hoaxers are preying on tsunami survivors and families of  victims in Asian refugee camps, hospitals and in the home  countries of European tourists hit by the wave.	0
NL Highlights - CUBS 2, METS 1: At New York, Derrek Lee hit an RBI single in the 10th inning to give Chicago its fourth straight win to maintain the NL wild-card lead.	1
In Op-Ed Piece, McGreevey Defends Choice (AP) AP - In a newspaper opinion piece published Sunday, New Jersey's embattled governor says his decision not to leave office immediately because of a sex scandal was "difficult" to make but one he will not change.	0
2.5 auto insurance rate hike reaffirmed The state's highest court affirmed an already approved 2.5 percent average increase in auto insurance premiums for this year, but said the insurance commissioner may have to revise her decision in a way that would ease premiums for certain drivers. The Supreme Judicial Court rejected Attorney General Thomas F. Reilly's challenge of a new formula used by Insurance Commissioner Julianne ...	2
Shanghai's Economy Grows 14.7 Percent (AP) AP - Shanghai's economy grew at a blistering 14.7 percent in the first seven months of the year, seemingly defying efforts to cool off China's economy amid fears of overheating.	0
Venezuelan gov #39;t approves humanitarian aid to Grenada The Venezuelan government approved on Saturday 1 million US dollars in humanitarian relief for Grenada, where at least 24 people were killed and 90 percent of houses damaged by Hurricane Ivan.	0
Full mp3 downloads for mobiles p2pnet.net News:- Melodeo and Warner Music Group (WMG) say theyve signed the first global agreement to allow mobile users to securely download complete mp3s from WMG #39;s music catalog directly to their phones.	3
Oil Firm Near  #36;54 on Heating Fuel Worries (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices rebounded to  #36;54 a barrel\on Thursday ahead of U.S. inventory data expected to show tight\heating fuel stocks ahead of winter.	2
Sunni leader blames Shi #39;ites MULTAN (Pakistan) - A leader of a radical Sunni group blamed yesterday #39;s bombings at a religious gathering on radical Shi #39;ite Muslims.	0
Hit game taking over the streets Millions of Britons have a guilty secret. They are spending their spare hours immersed in an underground world of LA gangs and gun-ridden ghettos.	3
Seattle burned again by fourth-quarter collapse Seattle #39;s young defense hasn #39;t been the same since collapsing in the fourth quarter of an October loss to St. Louis. For good measure, the Seahawks did it again against the Dallas Cowboys.	1
Nortel reports loss in Q3, sees pickup in Q4 Amid continuing problems with the release of its financial statements, Nortel Networks yesterday reported a loss for this year's third quarter but said it expects improvements in fourth-quarter revenue.	3
Red Sox lulled by Lilly TORONTO -- The powerful Red Sox offense, which last week had the Nation checking Yankee box scores for the first time in weeks, was rendered all but powerless last night by the artistry of Blue Jays lefthander Ted Lilly.	1
Dell angles for the best seat in the living room PC maker wants to be your supplier of high-end home electronics as well as installation services and, someday, movies.	3
Barghouti Drops Out of Palestinian Election Associates of Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouti, who is serving five life sentences on terrorism charges in an Israeli jail, said Sunday that he is withdrawing from the Jan. 9 election for president of the Palestinian Authority.	0
American claims Khorkina crown ATHENS -- With a dazzling routine on the floor, American Carly Patterson staked her claim last night as the new queen of gymnastics. Patterson, 16, spoiled Russian superstar Svetlana Khorkina #39;s final chance at Olympic gold in gymnastics #39; premier event and ...	1
Three-city hotel workers strike looms The threat of a strike by bellmen, housekeepers, and other Southern California hotel employees loomed larger yesterday, as an overwhelming majority of the workers gave their leaders a green light to call a walkout.	2
Jury Nearly Set for Enron Criminal Trial  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Opening arguments in the first criminal  case against former Enron Corp. employees are set to begin  after a federal court spent Monday whittling down a panel of  Houston-area residents to find an impartial jury in the city  still stinging from the company's downfall.	2
Randolph guaranteed \$1,875,000 in Mets contract Willie Randolph is guaranteed \$1,875,000 under his three-year contract with the New York Mets, one of the richest deals for a first-year manager.	1
European Shares Shrug Off Record Euro (Reuters) Reuters - European shares shrugged off a spike in\the euro to a fresh all-time high Wednesday, with telecoms\again leading the way higher after interim profits at Britain's\mm02 beat expectations.	2
Stunt pilots to hook falling stardust sample A piece of the Sun is set to fall to Earth and be captured by Hollywood stunt pilots in a tricky mid-air manoeuvre, NASA announced on Thursday.	3
Palestinian Icon Yasser Arafat 'Very Sick'  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Yasser  Arafat is "very, very sick" and the ex-guerrilla who for  decades symbolized a struggle for statehood is slipping in and  out of consciousness, officials and medics said on Thursday.	0
Iraq Allies, Countering Annan, Insist War Was Legal (Reuters) Reuters - Britain, Australia and a former U.S.\official, stung by criticism from U.N. Secretary-General Kofi\Annan, insisted on Thursday that their countries' military\action in Iraq was legal.	0
MCI offers disk-based backup services MCI on Wednesday introduced a new fully managed data protection service based on disk backup designed to help companies with business continuity.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;	3
Nascar to Crown a Champion GENTLEMEN, LOAD your weapons. It is being billed as the shootout at the Homestead-Miami corral today as the five top NASCAR drivers load up every bit of horsepower they can handle 	1
Bush Asks His Father and Clinton to Raise Funds President Bush enlisted his two predecessors to lead an effort to raise money from corporations for disaster relief.	0
Atlanta Fed chief sees respectable US job growth Atlanta Federal Reserve President Jack Guynn said on Wednesday he expected  quot;respectable quot; US job growth in the coming months.	2
Armed Attackers Seize School in Russia Heavily armed insurgents, some with explosives strapped to their bodies, seized a school in southern Russia today and herded scores of schoolchildren and others into its gymnasium.	0
Athens Waves Goodbye After 'Dream' Games  ATHENS (Reuters) - Hundreds of thousands of athletes,  officials and visitors waved goodbye to Athens in a  post-Olympics exodus Monday, leaving city officials to probe a  doping scandal that tarnished an otherwise dream Games.	1
Bosnians hold local elections, expected to confirm strength of nationalists (AFP) AFP - Bosnians voted in their third post-war local elections, which are expected to confirm the dominance of the ruling Croat, Muslim and Serb nationalists.	0
Nuclear Agency's Action on Iran Falls Short of U.S. Goal The U.S. failed to persuade the International Atomic Energy Agency that it should refer Iran's suspect nuclear program to the Security Council.	0
Political Ads Tailored to Local Issues (AP) AP - In West Virginia mine country, television ads say President Bush has "broken his promise to invest in coal." In Wisconsin, voters see spots saying the factory state "has lost 84,000 manufacturing jobs" under the Republican. And Florida's large retiree population gets a commercial that claims Bush's policies have "banned Americans from buying low-cost drugs from Canada."	0
Police, Peddlers Clash in Venezuelan City Police and National Guard troops fired tear gas and plastic bullets at crowds of angry street vendors in Venezuela's capital Wednesday as officers tried to remove merchants from zones where they are barred from selling their wares.	0
Barrichello wins Italian Grand Prix Brazil #39;s Rubens Barrichello won the Italian Grand Prix on Sunday, overcoming an unscheduled pit stop to finish 1.3 seconds ahead of Ferrari teammate Michael Schumacher in a 1-2 finish for the Italian team on its home circuit.	1
Timberwolves 96, Rockets 91 Kevin Garnett hit a jumper with 8.3 seconds left and finished one assist shy of a triple double, leading the Minnesota Timberwolves to a 96-91 win over the Houston Rockets on Thursday night.	1
Hudson Joins Braves, Mariners Sign Beltre (AP) AP - The Atlanta Braves made another huge pitch for success, getting Tim Hudson from Oakland. And the Seattle Mariners added another slugger, grabbing Adrian Beltre off the free-agent market.	1
ATHENS OLYMPICS 2004 / Ueno wins Japan #39;s 5th judo gold Masae Ueno will certainly have a tale to tell when she gets back to her Tokyo office. Ueno joined the parade of Japanese Olympic judo champions, winning the women #39;s 70-kilogram gold medal Wednesday. 	1
Anything but a Game Given what members of the military are facing in Iraq, and what mission might soon await some of them, none of Army or Navy #39;s football players could think of Saturday #39;s 	1
Scientists decode chicken DNA The latest creature to have its DNA fully decoded is the chicken. Scientists from 49 countries announce the completion of the International Chicken Genome Sequencing Project today in the science journal Nature.	3
Wakefield #39;s nightmare becomes a dream Shortly before throwing the first pitch in Saturday night #39;s opening game of the World Series, Boston Red Sox pitcher Tim Wakefield will pause for just a second to locate his wife 	1
Lakewood company in \$3B deal The Swedish company Gambro AB will sell its Lakewood-based division to a California company for \$3.05 billion in cash. The division, Gambro Healthcare US, operates clinics for patients undergoing kidney dialysis and has 565 clinics and 43,200 patients.	2
Troops' Queries Leave Rumsfeld on the Defensive Iraq-bound troops complained that they were being sent into combat with insufficient protection and aging equipment.	0
U.S. Revises 2nd-Quarter Growth to 3.3 Rate The U.S. economy's soft patch last spring was a bit firmer than previously thought.	2
IBM Settles Pension Suit, to Take Charge International Business Machines Corp. has settled portions of an ongoing lawsuit related to pensions, and will take a charge of \$320 million in the current quarter, the technology company said on Wednesday.	2
Winamp vulnerable to camouflaged-skin attacks Users of the music player should watch out for hacked themes; a flaw allows would-be intruders to take control of PCs.	3
The Ambanis: brothers at arm #39;s length? MUMBAI / NEW DELHI: On the face of it, the Ambani brothers, scions of the founding family of the countrys largest private-sector conglomerate, Reliance, are as different as the various businesses that make up the group.	2
Man held over Iraq gas deaths A businessman wanted by the US for allegedly shipping thousands of tonnes of chemicals to Saddam Hussein has been detained by police in Holland and accused of complicity in the poison gas attacks that killed thousands of Kurds in the late 1980s.	0
Philippine Floods and Landslides Killed 32 People, AFP Says Philippine floods and landslides killed 32 people and left more than 100 towns under water or buried, Agence France-Presse reported, citing civil defense officials.	0
Firefox Registers Usage Gains, Though IE Remains Dominant NOVEMBER 29, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The open-source Firefox Web browser may be making inroads on Internet Explorer with some users, but Microsoft Corp.	3
Twenty Schools Sign Up for Legal Song Downloads  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. colleges and universities are  increasingly giving students free access to download services  like Roxio Inc.'s Napster to discourage illegal song copying,  the recording industry said Tuesday.	3
Astronaut to Meet Baby Daughter on Return to Earth Days away from ending a six-month mission in space, US astronaut Michael Fincke said on Wednesday he is looking forward to meeting his 4-month-old daughter.	3
Marwan Barghouti : sentenced to life by Sharons justice  and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Last June, at the very time Marwan Barghouti was sentenced to life emprisonment by Israeli justice, Franck Biancheri was writing an editorial saying that whatever Israeli judges were deciding, most probably Mr Barghouti will become the president of 	0
Nike: Can Perez Fill Knight #39;s Shoes? Phil Knight is finally letting go. He officially announced his resignation as CEO and president of the world #39;s largest sneaker company on Nov. 18.	2
BAR to seek administration in Honda deal. British American Tobacco has indicated that it would seek to put the company which runs the BAR Formula One team into administration if it proves unable to buy the minority shareholding in the operation required to press ahead with its new deal with Honda 	1
Bomb Kills Veneuelan Prosecutor A car bomb killed a top Venezuelan prosecutor investigating opponents of President Hugo Chavez who were accused of backing a 2002 coup attempt against the leftist leader, officials said Friday.	0
Bush Reviews Disputed Guard Documents (AP) AP - President Bush has reviewed disputed documents that purport to show he refused orders to take a physical examination in 1972 and did not recall having seen them previously, a White House official said Saturday.	0
Rallying Red Sox on Verge of Historic Win Boston Red Sox can make baseball history on Wednesday by becoming the first team to overturn a three-game deficit in a best-of-seven series.	1
Arab-Israeli team seeking to break through boundaries In the violent and volatile world of Israeli-Palestinian relations, a football club Bnei Sakhnin has become a beacon of some hope.	1
Play-off earns Singh seventh victory of year NOW that he is No1 in the world, Vijay Singh clearly believes that the best way to stay there is to continue the form that got him there and secure victory by playing better than everyone in the field - again.	1
Bears could keep kids from school (Reuters) Reuters - Some 30 brown bears have been terrorising a Transylvanian mountain village\and could delay the start of the school year, local authorities say.	0
Liberian children get unexpected windfall from Rooney transfer (AFP) AFP - While Everton fans are aghast at the loss of Wayne Rooney to Manchester United, for some children in far-off Liberia there is an unexpected bonus - a mass of unwanted Everton football shirts bearing the teenage star's name.	0
I bankrolled Zuma - Shaik DURBAN - Businessman Schabir Shaik has acknowledged he bankrolled Deputy President Jacob Zuma, claiming that he did so to enable Zuma to stay in politics.	0
Analyst sees sweetened bid for MEC Frank Stronach #39;s MI Developments Inc. will likely sweeten its \$286-million (US) bid to buy out racetrack operator Magna Entertainment Corp.	2
Zurich rules out 2014 bid Zurich has abandoned plans to bid for the 2014 Winter Olympics because of the financial burden in staging the event. The Swiss Olympic Association said the authorities had decided not to proceed due to the  quot;current precarious financial position quot;.	1
Citigroup, Bank of America Post Profits  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; and Bank of  America Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BAC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BAC.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted double-digit gains in  third-quarter profit, driven by gains in consumer lending and  fees.	2
Zenit Eyes Lazio, Newcastle in Draw Zenit St. Petersburg faces the daunting prospect of being picked to play against Lazio, Newcastle United or Feyenoord in Tuesday #39;s draw for the inaugural group stage of the UEFA Cup.	1
E-Commerce Site Buys Into New Oracle Software (TechWeb) TechWeb - Overstock.com is able to shift work among clusters with Oracle's 10g database.	3
Nikkei Ends Up as Yen Helps Car Firms  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei share average closed  higher for the first time in three sessions Monday, as a weaker  yen against the dollar helped auto exporters such as Honda  Motor Co. Ltd.	2
PeopleSoft Investors Split Votes on Deal  PHILADELPHIA/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Two top stakeholders  in takeover target PeopleSoft Inc., tipped their hands on  Tuesday, with one investment fund saying it will tender its  shares for Oracle Corp.'s \$8.8 billion hostile bid while  another pledged against it.	2
Mitsubishi Elec to stop producing TV LCDs, focus on smaller panels &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mitsubishi Electric plans to stop producing LCD panels for television sets and personal computers and shift to smaller panels for cellular phones and industrial equipment 	3
Unctad gives India No. 4 ranking in FDI in Asia NEW DELHI SEPTEMBER 22 : The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (Unctad) said on Wednesday that India is among the dominant host countries for foreign direct investments (FDI) in Asia and the Pacific (APAC), which witnessed 	2
Linux: the enemy of my enemy is... my enemy Microsoft Corp finally, it seems, has something in common with Linux: the mutual threat to market share posed by pirated copies of Windows in emerging markets.	3
Update 3: Enron Barge Dealmaker Regrets Deal A former in-house Enron Corp. accountant said he was convinced that the energy giant #39;s unofficial promise to buy back several barges sold to Merrill Lynch  amp; Co.	2
BLUSHES IN BLUE FLOWING football it was not. Neither did the expected goal glut at Stamford Bridge materialise. Instead, Chelsea came crashing down to earth on home ground, of all places, as Bolton caused one of the biggest surprises of the season so far.	1
Els stays clear in Ireland Ernie Els stayed on track for a maiden World Golf Championships title with a 4-under-par 68 in the third round in Ireland on Saturday.	1
Japan Quake Survivors Face Rain, Tremors, Stress  NAGAOKA, Japan (Reuters) - More than 100,000 exhausted  survivors of Japan's deadliest earthquake in a decade huddled  in makeshift shelters for a third day on Tuesday as rain  threatened to trigger more landslides and hamper rescue  efforts.	0
Canadian X Prize Team Postpones Launch A Canadian was forced to delay its first launch in the X Prize competition, an international race to put civilians into space. First prize is US\$10 million.	3
Amnesty Condemns U.S. for War on Terror Torture  LONDON (Reuters) - The United States has manifestly failed  to uphold obligations to reject torture and cruel, inhuman or  degrading behavior in the "war on terror" launched after Sept.  11, 2001, Amnesty International said Wednesday.	0
Handing out A -- for advantage It #39;s a no-brainer, a Red Sox pitcher suggested when he was asked which team he would rather face in the postseason.  quot;Are you kidding?	1
Earnhardt fined for checkered language Dale Earnhardt Jr. cursed on a nationally televised NASCAR broadcast on Sunday, and it cost him the lead in a close race for the Nextel Cup drivers championship.	1
Karzai win chance to cleanse government overthrew the Taliban militia in late 2001 for refusing to handover al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden. coalitions with main rivals, characterised as regional strongmen who rely on ethnic loyalties and private militias.	0
Microsoft wants Web designers to use content tagging Microsoft is urging Web designers to take more responsibility for content filtering, after forming a partnership with ICRA (the Internet Content Rating Association). 	3
Militants Hold Najaf Shrine; Bombing Heard NAJAF, Iraq - Militants loyal to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr kept their hold on a revered shrine as clashes flared in Najaf on Sunday, raising fears a resolution to the crisis in the holy city could collapse amid bickering between Shiite leaders.    An unofficial mediator and distant relative of the cleric pleaded with al-Sadr to disarm his militants, pull them out of the shrine and disband his militia immediately...	0
Senate postpones vote on file-swapping bill com September 30, 2004, 9:28 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.	3
Council apology over phone mast Sheffield City Council apologises to residents after giving permission for a mobile phone mast by mistake.	3
Warner #39;s benching shows that Rams made right choice Back here in Kurt Warner #39;s adopted home town, the varying opinions on the cause and effects of the meteoric rise and fall of his storybook football life always will be blurred under so many dreamy - and divergent - emotional clouds.	1
Romanians vote for new president to succeed Iliescu (AFP) AFP - Nearly 18 million Romanians are eligible to vote Sunday in the first round of a presidential election to replace Ion Iliescu and lead the former communist state into the European Union.	0
Looming peril of poison porn pics The first images crafted to contain a malicious program that can take control of a PC have been found on the net. Security experts have been expecting such images to turn up after Microsoft revealed a weakness 	3
Martha to judge: Send me to jail ASAP Speaking in a light-bathed room where her media company holds meetings and photo shoots, Martha Stewart announced Wednesday she would voluntarily begin serving her five-month prison term 	2
Unisys to lay off 1,400 workers worldwide Unisys Corp. plans to cut 1,400 jobs, primarily in general and administrative areas, and consolidate its office space worldwide, it announced Wednesday.	2
US suspends Peace Corps in Nepal, ask embassy families to leave (AFP) AFP - The US State Department announced it has authorized the departure of non-emergency personnel and family members of the US Embassy in Nepal's capital and suspended Peace Corps aid work in the country due to security concerns.	0
N. Korean Leader's Mistress Reported Dead (AP) AP - A mistress of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il  #151; whose son with him is considered a possible successor  #151; has died of an illness, according to media reports.	0
Kim states her case with 62 Christina Kim made 11 birdies and tied the tournament record of 10-under-par 62 yesterday for a two-shot lead after the opening round of the LPGA State Farm Classic in Springfield, Ill.	1
MS Releases Fix For Graphics Flaw Microsoft (Quote, Chart) officials have announced two patches as part of its monthly releases for September -- one rated critical, one important.	3
Hungry world 'must eat less meat' People will need to eat more vegetables and less meat because of dwindling water supplies, scientists say.	3
Israel Destroys Refugee Homes, Kills One A day after a mortar round killed an Israeli-American woman in a nearby settlement, the Israeli army charged into a Palestinian refugee camp Saturday, killing one person and tearing down 20 homes, witnesses said.	0
Unlocking the chip's inner Hemingway Can computers get along fine without writers? Word is they just might. Missing Link	3
Group Seeks Union Election Spending Probe (AP) AP - An anti-union group is urging the Federal Election Commission to investigate one of the largest unions in the country, claiming the Service Employees International Union unlawfully spent workers' dues to elect Democrats in last week's election.	0
Investors don #39;t want  #39;November surprise #39; in earnings NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Time Warner shareholders hope they won #39;t get a  quot;November surprise quot; when the world #39;s largest media company releases its third-quarter results Wednesday.	2
UPDATE 2-US Air seeks court-imposed cuts in wages, benefits Bankrupt US Airways Group Inc. (UAIRQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday asked a court to impose wage and benefit cuts on its union employees to save 	2
Japan's Ueno pitcher perfect vs. China ATHENS -- Yukiko Ueno pitched the first perfect game in Olympic softball history, leading Japan to a 2-0 win over China yesterday and a spot in the semifinals.	1
In Sudan, No Clear Difference Between Arab and African The Darfur crisis has laid bare an unspoken Arab-African fault line that runs from Mauritania in the west, to Sudan in the east.	0
Russian Scientist Jailed for Spying for China (Reuters) Reuters - A Russian scientist convicted of spying\for China was sentenced to 14 years in a high security jail\Wednesday, Russian news agencies reported.	0
Squarespace Lets Users Manage Multi-Page Web Sites (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Anthony Casalena was 17 when he got his first job as a programmer for a start-up called HyperOffice, a software company that makes e-mail and contact management applications for the Web. Hired as an intern, he became a regular programmer after two weeks and rewrote the main product line.	3
FCC Splits on US Broadband Rollout Success Despite being ranked eleventh in the world in broadband penetration, the United States is rolling out high-speed services on a  quot;reasonable and timely basis to all Americans, quot; according to a new report narrowly approved today by the Federal Communications 	3
Psychotic Mice May Aid Study of Disease - Report Psychotic mice that flee their littermates may offer insights into diseases such as schizophrenia, US researchers reported on Monday.	3
U.S. Keeps 11 Guantanamo Detainees Jailed (AP) AP - A U.S. military review panel at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, ordered 11 detainees to remain held as "enemy combatants," an official said Tuesday.	0
Cisco Unveils Advanced IP Phone, Catalyst Switch Improvements Cisco today unveiled what it claimed is the world #39;s first Gigabit Ethernet (GbE) enabled IP phone, in addition to a raft of enhancements to its Catalyst switching range designed to boost security, availability and performance.	3
Iraq #39;s Prime Minister Faults US Military in Massacre Prime Minister Ayad Allawi blamed the American-led military forces on Tuesday for the weekend massacre of 49 freshly trained Iraqi soldiers, saying the military had shown  quot;major negligence.	0
Oakland Athletics Team Report - September 14 (Sports Network) - The Oakland Athletics try to strengthen their hold atop the American League West this evening when they start a four-game series with the Texas Rangers at the Coliseum.	1
Brown playing backup When Brown opens its Ivy League season Saturday against visiting Harvard, there will be more on the minds of the players and coaching staff than avenging last year's 52-14 loss to the Crimson or trying to end Harvard's four-game winning streak against the Bears.	1
Still undecided? Web site aids voters to make choice on presidential election For those U.S. residents still unsure which presidential candidate to vote for -- and there appear to be quite a few who can't make up their minds less than a week before the election -- there's a new Web-based tool that can help voters match their positions to those of the major presidential candidates.	3
US Airways Pilots Resume Negotiations US Airways pilots resumed negotiations Wednesday with management on a new labor contract with the bankrupt airline, even as the company made clear that it will now be seeking greater concessions.	2
Burris highlights CFL Players of the Week Toronto, ON (Sports Network) - Quarterback Henry Burris of the Saskatchewan Roughriders was among the CFL players recognized Wednesday for their outstanding performances in the division finals.	1
IBM Seeks Settlement of Pension Lawsuit A US District Court Judge ruled last year that Big Blue had violated age-discrimination laws by amending its pension plan in a way that would make older employees accrue retirement benefits at a lower rate than younger workers.	2
FOMC rate calls may get more interesting next year WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - The Federal Open Market committee is meeting behind closed doors on Tuesday and the most that financial markets can muster is a collective yawn.	2
Villeneuve: Our aim was to learn. Jacques Villeneuve has explained away his bottom of the times performance at yesterday #39;s Silverstone test as merely the process of his re-acclimatisation to Formula One, and of the Renault team learning to work with him.	1
Cherry Readies Linux Keyboard \$50 device will feature hot keys designed for the alternative operating system.	3
Terror attacks in Iraq aimed at impeding Bush #39;s reelection: Putin Russian President Vladimir Putin, who is in Tajik capital of Dushanbe on a visit, said Monday that the terrorist attacks in Iraq were aimed at preventing US President George W. Bush from being reelected.	0
Brown on pins and needles Kevin Brown, who has another doctor #39;s appointment today, said he is scheduled to have the pins removed from his broken left hand, which the righthander said is a precursor to him returning to the mound.	1
Source: Bears intend to sign quarterback Jeff George Struggling desperately at quarterback, the Chicago Bears intend to sign veteran Jeff George, a team source said Saturday night. The Bears will sign George on Monday, the source said on the condition of anonymity.	1
Wal-Mart Sales Slump Keeps Stocks Muddled Wal-Mart Stores Inc. #39;s disappointing sales forecast sent stocks fluctuating Monday as investors #39; concerns about a slowing economy eclipsed their relief over a drop in oil prices.	2
Lucent, Unions Extend Talks to Monday Lucent Technologies Inc. (LU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and unions representing roughly 10 percent of the telecommunications equipment maker #39;s work force on Sunday agreed to extend talks, their second extension in 10 days.	2
Saks Slips Into Loss in Third Quarter  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Department store operator Saks Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SKS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SKS.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday posted a surprise loss for its third  quarter, hurt by hurricanes in the southeastern U.S. and  charges for the closure of some stores.	2
Corbett hints at bid limit for ALH WOOLWORTHS boss Roger Corbett may have opened his wallet for the last time in the bidding war for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality.	2
The race for flights into space After years of capturing the imagination of wide-eyed daredevils, dreamers and would-be entrepreneurs, space travel for ordinary people may finally be taking flight.	3
Chiefs Stop Ravens 27-24 for First Victory In the NFL its best to keep a sleeping giant down but despite a stellar offensive performance by the Chiefs, the Baltimore Ravens were very opportunistic but in the end the Chiefs defense made the plays and Kansas City wins their first game of the season 	1
Airbus Sees Mobile Phone Use on Planes in 2006 European planemaker Airbus reported progress on Wednesday in plans to allow passengers to use mobile phones in flight, beginning in 2006.	3
Greenspan: 2004 Oil Prices No  #39;74 Flashback Will today #39;s careening crude oil prices reprise That  #39;70s Show? Not according to Alan Greenspan. The Federal Reserve chairman said this year #39;s price climbs will likely have a far gentler impact on the economy 	2
Marathon has weird intrusion Italy #39;s Stefano Baldini surged ahead with two miles to go and won the Olympic marathon Sunday while American Meb Keflezighi finished a surprising second in a 	1
Wilson, Green and Cousin Fined \$20,000 by NFL The NFL fines three New York Giants defenders a total of \$20,000 for illegal hits during last weekend's game with the Cleveland Browns.	1
Future Bright for Islamic Finance  KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - After spending three years and \$2  million, Eric Meyer has got the go-ahead from a gaggle of  lawyers, regulators and -- crucially -- four different Sharia  scholars to market the first hedge fund for Islamic investors.	2
NYMEX Crude Near Highs Off  #36;54 (Reuters) Reuters - NYMEX crude kept close to record\highs near  #36;54 early on Tuesday as global oil supplies remained\hounded by disruptions, magnifying concerns over U.S. heating\oil stocks ahead of the winter, traders said.	2
New Game in Town: ESPN Phone ESPN teams with Sprint to create the first fully branded phone.  Also:  Researchers develop a smart camera to let blind people get around safely   hellip;.  Europe's Lycos takes a swing back at spammers   hellip;. and more.	2
San Francisco Giants Team Report - September 18 (Sports Network) - With his 700th career homer now behind him, Barry Bonds can focus on the task of trying to get his Giants into the playoffs.	1
U.S. to Aid Albania in  Destroying  Chemicals Sen. Richard G. Lugar (R-Ind.) described the move  as a breakthrough in the elimination of such stockpiles around the world.	0
Reporter Freed as Rebel Cleric Brokers a Deal The journalist was released after Moktada al-Sadr intervened, even as his Shiite militia engaged in heavy fighting in Najaf.	0
Who, Me? Stealthy? Peter Boneparth, the chief of Jones Apparel, agreed to buy Barneys for \$400 million. Analysts have questions about the deal.	2
Alert: New Sober Variant A new variant of the Sober worm is rapidly spreading via e-mail. Visit the Virus Threat Center for breaking news and the latest alerts.	3
Punch deals a blow to critics of tenanted pubs sector THE parliamentary inquiry into allegations that the newly-muscled tenanted pub companies are giving a raw deal to their pub tenants has certainly not put off the pubcos from trying to become ever-bigger and more influential.	2
Ryanair sees profits rise 15 percent Ryanair, the Irish no-frills airline, said net profit rose 15 percent for the quarter to September, adding it was well-placed to combat the threat of record high oil prices and fierce competition.	2
Amazon Posts Profit, Outlook Disappoints  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMZN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMZN.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Thursday posted quarterly earnings that more than tripled on  strong international sales but offered an outlook for 2005 that  was below the more bullish analyst forecasts, sending its stock  down 8 percent.	2
Serbia reverses ban on Darwinism Belgrade overturns a ban on the teaching of Charles Darwin's theory of evolution in schools.	3
Nokia 9500 Communicator receives Wi-Fi Certification The Nokia 9500 Communicator is the first mobile device operating in both cellular and wireless LAN networks to receive this qualification.	3
Flighty Side of T. Rex, a New Link To the growing evidence that some dinosaurs had feathers, add the family of tyrannosaurs, mighty predators in the age of reptiles.	3
Black: SEC In Suit Vs. Hollinger International Ex-CEO Blackguard: Merriam-Webster defines this archaic noun as  quot;scoundrel. quot; Now the US Securities and Exchange Commission might be placing just such a label on Hollinger International #39;s (nyse: HLR - news - people ) former chief executive, Conrad Black, and his 	2
Ink Expert Portrayed as Victim at Perjury Trial Lawyers for the U.S. Secret Service laboratory director on trial for lying at Martha Stewart's criminal trial portrayed him as the victim of a bitter underling who was angry that she hadn't been called to testify in his stead.	2
Kashmiris rally on 57th anniversary of Indian invasion MUZAFFARABAD, Pakistan-controlled Kashmir - Thousands of people in Pakistani-controlled Kashmir demonstrated Wednesday to mark the black day 57 years ago when India deployed troops in the Himalayan region.	0
Avoid Security Tools You Don #39;t Need The plethora of security technologies on the market is enough to overwhelm even the most knowledgeable IT managers, but in sorting through all of the options, it may be helpful to look at what is not needed.	3
Gadhafi Appeals for Freedom of British Hostage in Iraq Libyan President Moammar Gadhafi has appealed for the release of British engineer Kenneth Bigley, who was taken hostage in Iraq three weeks ago.	0
Saudi Vows to Guarantee Oil Supplies  ABU DHABI (Reuters) - OPEC vowed Sunday to do what it can  to deflate record high oil prices that have soared above \$53 a  barrel, and top exporter Saudi Arabia promised to keep the  world supplied with as much oil as it needs.	2
House Democrats to Focus on Debt Ceiling (AP) AP - House Democratic leaders, consigned by the election to a minority role for another two years, said Tuesday they want to hold Republicans more accountable, starting with a vote on raising the  #36;7.4 trillion debt ceiling.	0
After M amp;M reforms, Spitzer rules out most serious charge SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Insurance stocks rallied Tuesday as the threat of criminal charges being brought against companies in Eliot Spitzer #39;s probe of the industry abated.	2
MIT Works to Power Computers With Spinach (AP) AP - "Eat your spinach," Mom used to say. "It will make your muscles grow, power your laptop and recharge your cell phone... "	3
A Very Long Drive Because his job involves driving around on Mars all day, astronomer Steve Squyres of Cornell University is pleased that he no longer has to make a cross-country commute to get home.	3
Hewlett-Packard buys Synstar IT services company Synstar plc, of Bracknell, England, has been acquired by Hewlett-Packard Co., of Palo Alto, for about \$293.3 million.	2
DoCoMo taps up Linux and Symbian for common aim DoCoMo has tapped up handset vendors to create the platform, which works with both Linux and Symbian phones, working with NEC and Panasonic on the former and Fujitsu on the latter.	3
Shares Hit by Earnings, Dollar Falls  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares fell on poor earnings  news on Friday as investors looked past China's surprise rate  hike to key U.S. Q3 gross domestic product data for the next  read on the health of the world's largest economy.	2
Patrick adds allure to Rahal Letterman, IRL Danica Patrick #39;s dreams of competing in Formula 1 or Champ Cars have been put on hold as the 22-year-old was announced Wednesday as Rahal Letterman Racing #39;s third IRL IndyCar 	1
Uniform issue may be resolved thru Parliament: Mckinnon ISLAMABAD: Secretary General Common Wealth Don Mckinnon has said that President General Pervez Musharraf #39;s uniform issue could be resolved through Parliament.	0
Yen Weighed Down by Rising Cost of Oil  LONDON (Reuters) - The yen sank to a four-month low against  the euro and a six-week low versus the dollar on Tuesday as  investors fretted that soaring oil prices could jeopardize  Japan's economic recovery.	2
Ask Jeeves Launches Personalized Web Search Service (Reuters) Reuters - Ask Jeeves Inc. , the\third-biggest U.S. Web search provider, late on Monday unveiled\MyJeeves, a new product that helps users personalize their\Internet searches.	3
Palestinian girl wounded by Israeli missile as mother of prisoner &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An Israeli gunship helicopter on Monday fired a missile toward a car carrying four Palestinian activists, but missed and hit a nearby home instead.	0
Colts Thrive in Grueling Four-Game Stretch (AP) AP - Indianapolis Colts defensive tackle Montae Reagor could feel the weariness long before Thursday's game at Detroit. The constant hits, the barrage of meetings, the quick pivots from game plan to game plan had already worn down his body and mind.	1
Three Executives at Marsh Removed in Reorganization Two of the highest ranking executives of Marsh   McLennan's insurance brokerage business and the company's general counsel were forced out.	2
Spadea cruises into quarters TOP-seeded American Vincent Spadea cruised past compatriot James Blake 6-3 6-1 here to reach the quarter-finals of the Millennium International tournament today.	1
Relatives plead for release of two Americans, Briton held hostage &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Relatives pleaded on Monday for the release of two Americans and a Briton as a deadline loomed for their beheading. In Baghdad, two 	0
Knockdowns not enough as Golota loses to Ruiz NEW YORK -- This was everything Andrew Golota could have hoped for. It was the last, best hope for the Chicagoan to become heavyweight champion of the world.	1
Schilling, Ramirez Lead Red Sox to Easy Opening Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Curt Schilling pitched 6 2/3 innings  and Manny Ramirez hit a three-run homer in a seven-run fourth  frame to lead the Boston Red Sox to a 9-3 win over the host  Anaheim Angels in their American League Divisional Series  opener Tuesday.	1
Falcons Sign Crumpler to Contract Extension  FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. (Sports Network) - The Atlanta Falcons  Monday signed Pro Bowl tight end Alge Crumpler to a six-year  contract extension.	1
Ellison has talked about revising PeopleSoft bid Wilmington, Delaware  Reuters News Service, 11 October 2004 - Oracle chief executive Larry Ellison said on Friday that Oracle has talked about revising its \$21-per-share offer to buy rival PeopleSoft, but he dented Wall Street expectations by saying 	2
Red Hat Hires Sun Executive Red Hat has recruited Sun Microsystems executive Karen Tegan-Padir to serve as vice president of desktop infrastructure technologies.	3
Gasol extends Grizzlies contract The Spanish player was pivotal for the Grizzlies last year, averaging 17.7 points, 7.7 rebounds and 1.69 blocks per game. The 7-foot Gasol came in an impressive 20th overall in the NBA in field goal percentage, and 18th in blocks.	1
Travel firms count cost of Ivan Hurricane Ivan looks set to cost tour operators as they race to get customers out of harm's way, though future bookings may not suffer too much.	2
Players get a chance to beat Tiger Woods at his own game Tiger Woods is faltering on the PGA Tour these days, while Vijay Singh has taken over the No. 1 ranking in the world. If only Woods could play like his video game character in  quot;Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2005.	1
Stewart to Begin Serving Sentence Soon NEW YORK Sept. 16, 2004 - In a bid to  quot;reclaim my good life quot; and rid her company of a cloud of scandal, Martha Stewart plans to surrender within weeks to begin serving her five-month prison sentence.	2
After 38 Years, Valenti Prepares To Move On Jack Valenti took a break from cleaning out his office the other day to expound on a subject he knows well: the art of persuasion. Over minestrone soup and hummus at his usual table at the restaurant in the Hay Adams Hotel, Valenti, the 82-year-old dean of Washington lobbyists, reflected on how Washington has changed and how lobbyists should operate here.	2
AMD #39;s Low-Cost Web Device Targets Developing World Chipmaker AMD has developed a low-cost Web access appliance called the  quot;Personal Information Communicator quot; (PIC) that it plans to sell in developing countries.	3
With Yankees Slain, 'Miracle' Sox Eye Bigger Demon  BOSTON (Reuters) - "Miracle Workers." So proclaimed The  Boston Globe on Thursday after the Red Sox -- baseball's  perennial also-rans -- finally brought down the "Evil Empire,"  taking a giant step toward their first World Series title in 86  years by ousting the New York Yankees in dramatic fashion.	1
Rumsfeld hopeful of troop exit by '08 KUWAIT CITY -- Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld expressed hope yesterday, but did not explicitly predict, that US troops would be out of Iraq by the end of President Bush's second term.	0
PORTRAIT OF FALLUJAH: Place of piety was Saddam stronghold Fallujah calls itself the  quot;City of Mosques quot; for its many Muslim houses of worship. The city 40 miles west of Baghdad is also the center of the fiercest resistance to the US presence in Iraq.	0
Pope Denounces Gay Marriage in Canada VATICAN CITY - Pope John Paul II kept up his campaign against gay marriage Saturday, telling the ambassador from Canada - where some provinces allow same-sex couples to wed - that such unions create a "false understanding" of marriage.    In past months, the pope urged authorities to stop approving gay marriages, saying that they degrade the true sense of marriage...	0
Microsoft, Time Warner DRM buy on EU review shelf Regulators could still launch an investigation into the two titans' acquisition of ContentGuard this month.	3
Boston South capsules BRIGHTON Coach: James Philip (eighth year, 10-48-2). Last year's record: 1-8. Returning starters (5): Donald Jeffrey, RB-DE, 5-11, 190, Sr; Garvin Jean-Bon, DB-WR, 5-6, 145, Sr.; Marvin Charles, C-LB, 6-1, 200, Jr.; Jermaine Bell, RB-LB, 5-10, 185, Jr. Returning letterman: Marshaunt Bowden, DE/TE, 6-1, 155, Jr. Strength: Running game. Weakness: Inexperience. Outlook: The Brighton Bengals and seasoned coach Philip have ...	1
Edwards Discusses War on Terror at Rally (AP) AP - Democratic vice presidential nominee John Edwards said Sunday a Kerry-Edwards administration would show no mercy to terrorists.	0
Cabinet OKs Payment to Jewish Settlers JERUSALEM - Israeli Cabinet ministers approved cash advances Tuesday of up to \$115,000 to Jewish settlers willing to leave their homes in the Gaza Strip and West Bank - the first concrete step toward carrying out Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's contentious pullout plan.    In a sign of growing tensions, Israeli police said Sharon and an official planning the withdrawal have been the targets of death threats by Jewish extremists...	0
Apple Launches ITunes Music Store in Canada Apple Computer Inc. on Thursday launched its iTunes online music store in Canada, the 14th country in which the popular service is available.	3
PepsiCo Profit Rises on Tax Benefits  NEW YORK (Reuters) - PepsiCo Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PEP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PEP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No.  2 soft drink company, said on Thursday quarterly profit rose  due to tax benefits.	2
Raptors hand Utah first loss The Raptors posted a stunning victory against a previously undefeated opponent last night, but they lost one of their key players, possibly for a while.	1
India Vows to Flush Out Northeast Rebels  GUWAHATI, India (Reuters) - Indian troops prepared to flush  out guerrillas from thick jungles of Assam on Sunday after a  fresh wave of bombs ripped through streets and marketplaces  killing four people and wounding 40, officials said.	0
Denis Chevrier explains the challenge of Monza The Engine Operations Manager explains what challenges Monza will pose the engine team this weekend.	1
Data Revision Shows Japan's Economy Grew (AP) AP - Japan's economy barely grew during the quarter ending Sept. 30 and in the April-June period it actually shrank instead of squeezing out slight growth, according to revised government data released Wednesday.	2
Inventor Develops Nose-Steered Web Surfing System (Reuters) Reuters - Has the era of hands-free Web surfing\arrived?	3
Superhighway  #39;Could Crumble #39; under Weight of Users The end of the world wide web may be nigh, top technology companies have warned. Predicting a future which would horrify many businesses and email addicts, some experts fear 	3
Gates Gets 4M Spam Messages Each Day SINGAPORE -- Bill Gates, the chairman and founder of Microsoft, receives millions of e-mail messages a day, said Steve Ballmer, the company #39;s chief executive.	3
Banged-up Bucks sign Goldwire The Bucks are shorthanded in the backcourt after placing guards TJ Ford and Mike James on the injured list to start the season. Milwaukee visits the Orlando Magic in the season opener for both teams on Wednesday night.	1
European Central Bank holds rates steady The European Central Bank has left its key interest rate unchanged, taking more time to gauge the effect of soaring oil prices on the inflationary outlook and slow economic recovery.	2
Kerry: Bush Out of Touch, Out of Ideas, Out of Time (Reuters) Reuters - Democratic challenger John Kerry,\pumped up by polls showing he won all three debates with\President Bush, dismissed the Republican incumbent on Thursday\as out of touch, out of ideas and out of time.	0
The Local Scene-Some local talk about Sears-Kmart merger Wednesday #39;s announcement that Kmart is acquiring Sears in an \$11 billion deal spawned a lot of questions and comments at the Rolla outlets of the two companies.	2
Beckham Apologizes for Yellow Card Ploy LONDON Oct. 13, 2004 - David Beckham apologized Wednesday for the yellow card ploy that earned him a convenient World Cup suspension.	1
British man loses driver's license for drunk driving on a lawn mower (AFP) AFP - A 50-year-old British man arrested while driving his lawnmower in a state of intoxication had his automobile license revoked for one year by a British court.	0
Israel allows Arafat to leave his compound for medical treatment Israel gave Yasser Arafat permission Monday to briefly leave his compound to receive medical treatment in the West Bank city of Ramallah, heightening concerns the Palestinian leader is seriously ill.	0
U.S. and U.N. Renew Quarrel Over Iraq Kofi Annan's reluctance to commit staff members to Iraq in large numbers and a series of comments he has made about the war have strained relations with the Bush administration.	0
Anheuser-Busch Profit Jumps Anheuser-Busch (BUD:NYSE - news - research) guzzled higher third-quarter profits thanks to a foreign acquisition and some price increases.	2
India plans to help boost exports India has unveiled a package of trade incentives, aimed at helping the country grow its exports by 20 a year for the next five years.	2
Cytec pays \$1.85bn for UCB unit Cytec Industries Inc. is buying the chemicals division of Belgian drugs company UCB in a 1.5 billion euro (\$1.85 billion) cash and stock deal, the US specialty chemical firm said on Friday.	2
Scientists praise Maurice Wilkins British scientists and science commentators have paid tribute to the DNA pioneer Maurice Wilkins, who died on Tuesday aged 88. Professor Wilkins, who called himself  quot;the third man of the double helix quot;, helped 	3
Brokerage unit saps H amp;R Block but will it be sold? A day after H amp;R Block Inc. (HRB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) reported its first-quarter loss some analysts wondered if the largest US tax preparation firm would consider selling its brokerage business.	2
Study: Few Americans Buy Drugs Online (AP) AP - Only 4 percent of Americans have ever used the Internet to buy prescription drugs  #151; and even fewer do so through foreign pharmacies  #151; despite Web sites maintained by a handful of states to help citizens import medicines more cheaply from Canada, a new study finds.	3
Too early for Morrison to break open its champagne INVESTORS in Wm Morrison heaved a collective sigh of relief yesterday. There may be more hiccups along the way, went the consensus view, but the 3 billion Safeway acquisition was ultimately going to work.	2
New eco-friendly mobile phone case turns into flower Feeling guilty that you #39;ve just thrown away your umpteenth mobile phone to get the latest handset? Soon you may be able to plant your old one and watch it grow into a flower.	3
Statham finally comes through Joel Statham #39;s midseason woes were forgotten yesterday after he led Maryland to a 20-17 victory over Florida State. By becoming the first Terrapins quarterback to beat the Seminoles in 15 meetings 	1
Holiday Hopes Brighten for Retailers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. retailers may have a happier  holiday season than expected just a month ago, as shoppers  cheer up after the elections and start thinking about what to  buy as the weather gets cold, analysts said.	2
CA execs hold on to their bonuses A proposal to claw back bonuses paid to executives under the cloud of an accounting scandal has been rejected by Computer Associates #39; shareholders.	3
The iPod's New Trick: Photo Show A new, top-of-the-line iPod takes the concept of a high-capacity music player in a new direction. Instead of just playing songs, the iPod Photo also shows off your digital pictures.	3
Colombia arrests paramilitaries Colombia arrests a series of right-wing paramilitaries as the peace process enters a delicate phase.	0
Libya to pay victims of Berlin disco attack Libya has signed an agreement to pay \$35-million (US) in compensation for non-American victims in the 1986 bombing of a discotheque in West Berlin, the latest step in the country #39;s 	0
France, UN launch evacuations from Ivory Coast ABIDJAN, Ivory Coast The UN says it #39;s starting to evacuate its staff from the west African nation of Ivory Coast, following four days of chaotic violence there.	0
Stocks to Watch Monday  The company said it would shutter part of its Japanese  trust business and promised sharper oversight of its remaining  operations, after a scandal led to the closure of its private  bank in the country.	2
Anthem merger closer to reality California #39;s insurance commissioner Tuesday dropped his opposition to Anthem Inc. #39;s proposed \$18.4 billion purchase of WellPoint Health Networks Inc.	2
Militant cleric charged in 2003 hotel bombing JAKARTA A militant Muslim cleric was charged Wednesday under a tough antiterrorism law in the bombing of a Jakarta hotel and could face the death penalty if convicted.	0
 #39;Halo 2 #39; hits stores Tuesday  quot;Halo 2, quot; the follow-up to the 2001 best-selling video game,  quot;Halo: Combat Evolved, quot; will be released Tuesday nationwide for the Microsoft Xbox video game console.	3
Thaksin to meet Malaysian, Indonesian leaders about Muslim unrest VIENTIANE (AFP): Thailand #39;s prime minister will meet the leaders of Malaysia and Indonesia on Sunday to explain his refusal to allow a major summit here to broach Muslim unrest in his country, an official said.	0
Tokyo Stocks Up as Steel Firms Rise  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average was up 0.88  percent by mid-afternoon on Friday, bolstered by gains in  Nippon Steel Corp. and its rivals after firm Chinese growth  data eased concern over a slowdown in one of Japan's biggest  export markets.	2
Pathway to Glory Ships November 24, 2004 - Nokia announced today that WWII strategy title Pathway to Glory is now shipping for the Nokia N-Gage game deck.	3
Russia power to maiden title Moscow: Moscow-born Tatiana Golovin kept alive Frances hopes of retaining the Fed Cup title by crushing US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova 6-4, 6-1 in the second reverse singles on Sunday.	1
News Corp. Announces Plan To Protect Shareholders Under News Corp. #39;s plan, one right will be distributed for each voting share and non-voting stock, but will only become exercisable if a person or group obtains ownership of 15 percent or 	2
Thirty-three dead in latest China mine blast BEIJING : Thirty-three workers have been killed in the latest gas explosion at a Chinese coal mine, once again highlighting the appalling safety standards blighting the industry.	0
Breaking the Chechnya impasse The Russian rage over the terrorists #39; slaughter of innocents in Beslan is still fresh. The world still stands in disbelief. And now, Russians wait for the response from President Vladimir Putin.	0
Hagans Throws for 283 Yards in Va. Win (AP) AP - Marques Hagans had 283 total yards with two touchdown runs and a TD pass to lead No. 12 Virginia to a 31-10 victory over Syracuse on Saturday.	1
Seattle Post-Intelligencer A rectangular box, embedded in a preview version of MSN Messenger 7.0, is a search field. Users will be able to launch Internet searches from that field, automatically opening a Web browser to display results on an Internet search site.	3
Rite Aid Cuts View as Pharmacy Sales Slow  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RAD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RAD.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Tuesday warned that full-year profit and revenue would fall  short of Wall Street expectations because of slowing pharmacy  sales as companies try to curb health-care costs.	2
China and Taiwan Vie for Vanuatu Ties China said on Thursday that the coalition government of Vanuatu had withdrawn an agreement by its prime minister to switch diplomatic relations to Beijing #39;s rival, Taiwan.	0
At least six Georgian soldiers killed in separatist region clashes (AFP) AFP - At least six Georgian soldiers were killed and seven wounded in overnight clashes in Georgia's separatist, pro-Russian region of South Ossetia, an official with the Georgian interior ministry told AFP.	0
Time Warner to settle securities fraud charges  Time Warner Inc. agreed yesterday to pay \$210 million to settle criminal securities fraud charges brought by the Justice Department against the company's America Online unit. The media giant also is prepared to pay \$300 million to end another probe by the Securities and Exchange Commission.	2
Evolution made humans marathon runners We are born to run. According to new research, our bodies are highly evolved for running long distances, an ability that allowed our ancestors to conquer the African savannahs.	3
Gatlin Wins Olympic 100 Meters; Greene Finishes Third (Update4) Justin Gatlin of the US ran the fastest time in the world this year to become the youngest Olympic 100 meters champion for 36 years.	1
IDC: Disk Systems Growth in Q2 Fueled by demand in the Asia/Pacific region and Japan, external disk storage systems revenues grew 8 percent year over year to \$3.	3
News: DirecTV hacker sentenced to seven years A Canadian man arrested in the U.S. was allegedly responsible for putting 68,000 hacked smart cards on the street.\	3
UMass hasn't cleaned up act AMHERST -- They're talented but inexperienced, so flawless play is a bit much to expect of the University of Massachusetts Minutemen at this stage of the season.	1
Linux gets standard, makes move preserve interoperability The Free Standards Group (FSG) has announced the release of a specification that aims to help keep the Linux operating system from fragmenting and allow applications developed for one version of Linux to work on one another.	3
Dozens Killed in Multiple Bombings in Baghdad Three car bombs were set off near an American military convoy in western Baghdad today, killing at least 35 people and wounding dozens.	0
Comcast to market new video recorder Starting tomorrow, Comcast Corp. will begin marketing an enhanced cable box to New Englanders that will accelerate a revolution that is changing television-watching habits, and the television industry itself. The Motorola box, which includes a TiVo -style digital video recorder, will allow millions of subscribers to watch shows on their own schedule and skip through the advertisements.	2
For labor markets, definition of 'normal' is changing It has become a monthly ritual. The government issues its jobs report, the numbers are disappointing, and the excuses begin. Employers are not hiring because of the high price of oil, fear of terrorism, uncertainty about the election, and because the dog ate their homework. (I made that last one up.)	2
Australia to Boost Security Net Around Coastline Australia plans to strengthen its coastal security with a controversial surveillance footprint that stretches south of New Zealand to north of Indonesia.	0
Man Charged with Peddling Stolen Windows Source Code A Microsoft lawyer said the arrest was  quot;significant, quot; given the value of the source code.  quot;It is our secret recipe, our secret formula like the Coke formula, quot; associate general counsel Tom Rubin said.	3
Hearing Set After Microsoft Rivals Quit &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By David Lawsky&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The judge considering Microsoft\Corp.'s appeal against European Union sanctions has called a\closed meeting for Thursday to decide what action to take after\two more major opponents of the U.S. software giant withdrew\from the case.&lt;/p&gt;	3
Liverpool Football Club May Receive Bid From Hollywood Producer Liverpool Football Club may receive its third offer of investment in six months after a Hollywood producer said he is considering a bid for English soccer #39;s most successful team.	1
Two Egyptians kidnapped in Iraq GUNMEN stormed a mobile phone company office in Baghdad and seized two Egyptian employees, Government officials said today. The kidnapping happened last night in the upscale Harthiya neighborhood, said Interior 	0
DOOM 3: Resurrection of Evil ID Software et Activision ont annonc hier le dveloppement d #39;une extension pour leur hit Doom 3. Baptise  quot;DOOM 3: Resurrection of Evil  quot;, cette extension proposera de nouveaux environnement de jeu, de nouveaux personnages et de nouvelles armes, avec 	3
Martnez's Value Goes Beyond Mound The Mets are hoping to use Pedro Martnez as a tool for marketing, recruiting free agents and expanding their appeal in the Caribbean and South America.	1
NATO Reaches Agreement on Iraq The agreement was reached in Brussels on Wednesday after days of negotiations on the size and scope of the mission. In particular, France had refused to agree to the expanded NATO role in Iraq 	0
Giddy Red Sox Fans Savor Lifting of 'Curse'  BOSTON (Reuters) - Millions of bleary-eyed New Englanders  on Thursday savored a feeling lost generations ago: the joy of  a Red Sox World Series victory that ended an 86-year drought  and, some say, lifted a legendary curse.	1
VW recruits former Daimler cost-cutter Volkswagen has recruited Wolfgang Bernhard, who as DaimlerChrysler #39;s former star manager built a reputation as an aggressive cost-cutter, to join its board.	2
Rockstar Games turns on the radio; GTA soundtrack details emerge Rockstar updates official Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas site with info on the game #39;s soundtrack. Rockstar Games updated the official Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas site with information on the ten radio stations 	3
House Panel Moves to Limit Floor Access (AP) AP - A Cabinet member's role in pressing lawmakers to back the Medicare prescription drug law last year prompted the House ethics committee to recommend changing a 200-year-old rule allowing the president's top appointees access to the House floor.	0
Vivendi losses surge PARIS, Sept 14 (AFP) - French media giant Vivendi Universal on Tuesday reported a surge in its net loss so far this year but forecast a sharp turnaround in its finances for all of 2004.	2
Army Reservist Pleads Guilty in Iraq Prison Abuse The highest ranking soldier charged with abusing Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib has pleaded guilty to five charges. US Army reservist Staff Sergeant Ivan  quot;Chip quot; Frederick made the plea as a two-day court-martial opened at a US base in Baghdad.	0
5 Wounded in Rocket Attack in Northwestern Pakistan A rocket attack in northwestern Pakistan near the Afghan border has wounded at least five people and damaged several houses. Security officials in Bannu in the North West Frontier Province say two rockets 	0
Official: MLB to Move Expos to Washington WASHINGTON - Richard Nixon was president and man was still making trips to the moon the last time the word "Washington" appeared in the major league baseball standings.    On Opening Day, April 4, 2005, look for the nation's capital to return...	0
State Street's lost shirt Investors losing their shirts in Hollywood is an old story. Stars get in their eyes and, before you know it, the money is gone.	2
McDonald's Net Income Up 42 Percent  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  said quarterly net income rose 42 percent, in line with a  higher-than-expected forecast the company gave last week,  helped by strong sales in the United States and a tax benefit.	2
Poison porn pics show up online The first images that hide a virus inside them have been found in a pornographic newsgroup on the net.	0
Pakistan must stop terror: PM tells Musharraf NEW YORK: Upbeat over his meeting with President Pervez Musharraf, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said he did raise the issue of terrorism with him and made it clear that Pakistan has to control the menace as a  quot;pre-condition quot; for moving forward on the 	0
Court clears Oracle-PeopleSoft (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The ruling is major blow to the Department of Justice, which argued that the hostile takeover weakens competition.	3
Henman back in form LAST week, Tim Henman had blood tests that revealed a magnesium deficiency after defeat in Madrid. Yesterday, however, the British No 1 looked fully recovered with a 6-3, 6-4 victory over 	1
Arthritis drug Vioxx pulled from market THE Ministry of Health yesterday urged Jamaicans to immediately discontinue the use of the arthritis drug Vioxx (refecoxib), which was pulled off the market yesterday by its manufacturer Merck  amp; Co.	2
FCC to Act on Fiber-Optic Networks The Federal Communications Commission is planning to approve  a proposal to give the major telephone companies more leeway in the design of new fiber-optic networks, sparing them from the regulation that governs traditional phone lines. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
IBM Debuts Power5 Server Line for Linux Harking to the belief that Linux is replacing Windows, Unix and other operating systems in small and medium-sized businesses, IBM unveiled a new server line optimized for the open source operating system.	3
McNair let out of hospital Titans QB Steve McNair was released from a Nashville hospital after a two-night stay for treatment of a bruised sternum. McNair was injured during the fourth quarter of the Titans #39; 15-12 loss to Jacksonville on Sunday.	1
Reporter Prompted Query to Rumsfeld Edward Lee Pitts of the Chattanooga Times Free Press told colleagues in an e-mail that he and members of the Tennessee Army National Guard now in Kuwait "worked on questions to ask Rumsfeld about the appalling lack of armor" and that Spec. Thomas Wilson posed the question at his request.	0
Real slashes song prices in online music battle In a move likely to step up the digital music dispute between RealNetworks Inc. and Apple Computer Inc., Real slashed prices at its online music store on Tuesday, offering songs and albums for a limited time at nearly half of what Apple charges at its ...	3
Barclays seeks more S. African business Barclays, the British bank that left South Africa in 1986 after apartheid protests, may soon resume retail operations in the nation.	2
Durable Goods Orders Slip Unexpectedly (Reuters) Reuters - Orders for long-lasting U.S.-made\goods unexpectedly slipped 0.4 percent last month as demand for\computers, cars and civilian aircraft slumped, a government\report showed on Wednesday.	2
Exelon in talks to buy PSE amp;G Exelon, the Chicago-based energy group, is in advanced talks to clinch a deal to buy New Jerseys PSE amp;G for about \$12bn in stock, according to people familiar with the talks.	2
Predicting a Volcanic Eruption Involves Guesswork Mount St. Helens' convulsions over the past week have demonstrated all too clearly that the inner workings of a seething volcano, hidden under miles of rock, remain one of nature's stubborn secrets.	3
Jamdat shares up 45 percent in first day of trade Shares of wireless game maker Jamdat Mobile Inc. (JMDT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) rose as much as 45 percent on Wednesday in their first trading day, boosted by investors betting 	2
Federal finance minister expecting 'significant increase' in revenues (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CALGARY (CP) - The federal government is expecting a "significant increase" in revenues for the current fiscal year and next year, Finance Minister Ralph Goodale said Tuesday.	0
Fidel Castro Tumbles Off Stage HAVANA, Cuba -- Cuban leader Fidel Castro says he is fine after falling off of the stage in Santa Clara, Cuba. The fall is bringing back memories of when he collapsed two years ago.	0
ASEAN, Australia, N.Zealand See 2007 Deal  JAKARTA (Reuters) - Southeast Asian nations, Australia and  New Zealand hope to conclude a free trade agreement (FTA) by  2007 after beginning formal negotiations next year, government  ministers said on Sunday.	2
Motor Racing: Less Can Be More, Say Former Champions  LONDON (Reuters) - Former world champions John Surtees and  Niki Lauda believe Formula One needs to go back to its roots,  at least in the short term, to build a brighter future.	1
Opera, Mozilla Ready for Prime Time Opera, Mozilla Ready for Prime Time\\Early Internet surfers, which of course means something less than a decade ago for most of us, will remember the days when Netscape was the only real browser in town. For those who don't remember, there was a time when Netscape was for sale in ...	3
U.N. Clone Treaty Still on Ice Despite a U.S. push to put in place a worldwide ban on human embryo cloning, the proposed pact remains in limbo after three years. The sticking point? Therapeutic cloning.	3
Paris cedes control of telephone company PARIS The French government formally ceded control of France Tlcom on Wednesday as it began the sale of up to E5.8 billion of shares in the second-largest European phone company.	0
Sporadic gunfire in Najaf after aide says radical cleric orders fighters to leave Najaf shrine NAJAF, Iraq (AP) Sporadic gunfire echoed through Najaf on Friday after a night of heavy US bombing that saw radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr order his fighters to hand control of a revered Najaf ...	0
United Finish Second After Fener Defeat An unfamiliar-looking Manchester United team slumped to their first defeat of this Champions League campaign as Uefa Cup-bound Fenerbahce won 3-0 in Istanbul.	1
Chelsea lay down the law on drugs as Mutu is shown door CHELSEA enforced a zero tolerance policy against drugs yesterday when they dismissed Adrian Mutu, the Romania striker, for gross misconduct after his positive test for cocaine.	1
Salesforce.com expands call center support NEW YORK - Hosted CRM (customer relationship management) evangelist Salesforce.com Inc. began a new branding campaign this week to draw attention to its customer-service support functionality, launching a new Web site at Supportforce.com and announcing a batch of partnerships with top call center infrastructure vendors.	3
Rebels kill three soldiers in Kashmir (Reuters) Reuters - Separatist rebels ambushed an army patrol in Indian Kashmir on Tuesday, killing three soldiers and wounding another two, police said.	0
Martinez gets chance to help It wasn't the eighth inning of a Game 7 in Yankee Stadium with the Sox clinging to a lead, but it was close.	1
US moves closer to harnessing hydrogen power US scientists say they have made a breakthrough in their quest to make low-cost hydrogen, possibly a step toward finding new sources of energy to end US dependence on foreign oil.	3
Triple attacks in Sinai, Egypt, leaves 33 dead and 130 injured WANTED FOR MURDER OF 33 PEOPLE AND INJURY OF 130 PEOPLE at 3 locations in Sinai, Egypt, at the end of the Jewish high holiday season (at the end of the Simchat Torah holiday).	0
Sudan vows open mind in Darfur talks -- but no magic wand in sight (AFP) AFP - Sudan has pledged an open mind going into peace talks with rebels from the war-ravaged western Darfur region and is apparently seeking to use accords it signed with southern fighters as a model to settle the conflict.	0
Calif. Nixes Tiger Salamander Protections (AP) AP - A split state wildlife commission rejected extra protections for the California tiger salamander for the second time Friday.	3
Apple row goes to core of online music Bill Thompson grew up on John, Paul, George and Ringo and bought all their records. Now he #39;d like them to give something back.	3
GE earnings increase, per-share price falls General Electric today reported third-quarter earnings of \$4.051 billion, an increase of 1 percent from the same quarter last year.	2
Iran May Curb Nuke Work (CBS/AP) Iran has agreed in principle to temporarily stop some suspect activities that its critics allege are meant to make nuclear weapons, as it seeks to blunt censure at an upcoming UN meeting, diplomats said Tuesday.	0
Ganguly #39;s growling list of woe With the NatWest Challenge a thing of the past, Cricket365 scours the papers to bring our readers what the Indian media are saying about their players.	1
Kerry Courts Black Voters at Church Stops (AP) AP - With just three Sundays left before Election Day, Sen. John Kerry is asking for all the help he can get from black voters and the Almighty.	0
French finance minister calls for European energy policy French Finance Minister Nicolas Sarkozy on Tuesday called for a European energy policy and said France #39;s eurozone partners should join it in a plan to pass on surplus tax receipts to consumers.	2
2004 Was Year of Netsky Worm, Web Firm Sophos Says Netsky-P, an email computer worm allegedly written by a German teenager, was the hardest-hitting virus of 2004, disrupting tens of thousands of businesses and homes worldwide, Web security firm Sophos says.	3
Rates set to be on hold for rest of year Bank of England policymakers did not even discuss raising interest rates earlier this month, raising the probability that borrowing costs will remain on 	2
Blast at Police Post in Nassiriya, Three Dead  NASSIRIYA, Iraq (Reuters) - A blast ripped through a police  station in the town of Nassiriya in southern Iraq on Friday,  killing three police and wounding others, police said.	0
Cendant Nears Deal to Buy Orbitz Travel Site The deal would end a daring experiment by the nation's airlines, which created Orbitz as a competitor to Expedia and online ticketing sites like it.	2
Retails Sales Up in November Consumers showed a bit of cheer in November, boosting sales at the nation #39;s retailers by 0.1 percent. The newest report on consumers #39; buying, issued by the Commerce Department today, turned out to be somewhat 	2
Philly tailback has to prove he #39;s durable Never mind that after only two NFL seasons Brian Westbrook #39;s medical dossier includes notations on a couple of sprained ankles, wrist surgery and an operation only seven months ago to stitch 	1
Italian kidnap victim freed CAGAYAN DE ORO CITY -- Andrea Cianferoni, an Italian kidnapped 2:30 pm yesterday by four armed men in the hinterland village of Delabayan of Kauswagan town, Lanao del Norte was released 10:30 am today, in barangay Inudaran of the same town, according to 	0
SI.com ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- It looked like Roger Clemens , Lance Berkman and Jeff Bagwell were leading the Houston Astros to an easy victory, but it turned out to be not so easy.	1
Pay heed to domestic market, IT firms told Indian software companies, which have been busy conquering the world and neglecting their backyard, should not continue doing so. This is because the domestic market is going to grow into a huge opportunity 	3
EU Sees Russia Backsliding on Democracy (Reuters) Reuters - Russsia is "backsliding" on democracy\and the bloc must speak to Moscow frankly about it as an equal\partner, the European Union's incoming External Relations\Commissioner said Tuesday.	0
Computer Associates to Cut Workforce -WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Computer Associates International Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt; will lay off about 5 percent of its work force in an  attempt to cut costs, the Wall Street Journal reported on  Wednesday.	2
Global economy to hit headwinds next year: OECD (AFP) AFP - China, Japan and North America will pull the global economy forward over the next two years despite headwinds thrown up by high oil prices and tenacious deficits, the OECD predicted.	2
Rain adds to exhaustion as earthquake-hit Japan fears landslides (AFP) AFP - Rain has triggered fears of fresh landslides in the Niigata region hit by Japan's deadliest earthquake in nine years as exhaustion was wearing down tens of thousands in shelters.	0
Kabul suicide bomber wounds seven A Taliban suicide fighter killed himself and wounded at least seven others, including three members of a NATO-led peacekeeping force, in a grenade attack on a busy shopping street in central Kabul.	0
Document on CPC governance capability issued The Communist Party of China (CPC) Sunday published a major policy document on enhancing the Party #39;s governance capability, stressing it is  quot;a major strategic subject with a bearing on the success of China #39;s socialist cause, the future and destiny of the 	0
Experts Fear Messy, Disorderly Election (Reuters) Reuters - Long lines, malfunctioning machines\and dueling lawyers could turn next week's U.S. presidential\election and its aftermath into a disorderly and even chaotic\experience, political analysts said on Tuesday.	0
Stocks May Open Lower on Jobs Report NEW YORK - U.S. stocks are seen flat to slightly lower at the open Monday as investors grapple with Friday's disappointing jobs report...	0
Sprint, Nextel Join in  #36;35 Billion Deal (AP) AP - Telecommunications giant Sprint Corp. is acquiring Nextel Communications Inc. in a  #36;35 billion deal that would create the nation's third largest wireless telephone service provider.	3
AMD ships 90nm chips Sunnyvale-based computer chip maker Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., says it #39;s shipped its first low-power Mobile AMD Athlon 64 processors made with its new 90 nanometer (nm) manufacturing process. 	3
IDC sees decline in handheld market The global market for handheld devices continues to dwindle, according to data released by IDC this week. The industry has recorded a year-over-year fall for the third successive quarter, the researcher said.	3
Noble Energy to Buy Patina for \$2.76 B Noble Energy Inc. Thursday said it agreed to acquire Patina Oil  amp; Gas Corp. for about \$2.76 billion, plus debt. Denver-based Patina owns oil and gas fields in mainly in Colorado, Texas, Oklahoma and New Mexico.	2
A Look at U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq (AP) AP - As of Friday, Oct. 22, 2004, at least 1,104 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to an Associated Press count. At least 844 died as a result of hostile action, according to the Defense Department. The figures include three military civilians.	0
UK Music Industry Sues File Sharers The UK music industry has today launched a  #39;rolling program of legal action #39; against illegal downloaders, the first of its kind in the country.	3
Amgen Net Down, Adjusted Earnings Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Amgen Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMGN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMGN.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  biggest biotechnology company, on Wednesday reported a lower  third-quarter net profit as a result of expenses related to the  acquisition of Tularik Inc.	2
Deep, faint tremors in central California fascinate, worry &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Deep beneath the San Andreas Fault in central California, the ground has been erupting in strange, faint tremors that last up to 20 minutes, scientists reported Thursday.	3
IBM Stock Is Rising in Pre-Market Trading (AP) AP - International Business Machines Corp. stock rose in pre-market trading Tuesday, a day after the the company reported better than expected earnings for the third quarter.	3
Profiting From Moore's Law Intel develops a new chip that roughly doubles the number of transistors on a chip.	2
Pioneer defense clears the path For all of the CMass football fanatics out there, it's time to breathe easy. Division 1 has a champion and it's none other than St. John's of Shrewsbury.	1
Song and Dance as Land Mine Meeting Opens in Kenya Kenya Sunday launched an international conference aimed at working toward the eradication of land mines by the year 2009 with traditional African dances and songs.	0
Java, Open Source, Regex, and Conformance \\The other day Tim Bray wrote up an interesting piece on java.util.regex.\\I sent him off a quick email detailing my past experiences  and he just\blogged his feedback .\\"Well... yeah, but here's a story. I was kind of surprised at the results on my\OS X box, so I took the code and data over to a nearby Windows XP box and got\similar results, so I took 'em to a Debian-stable box I had handy and once\again, about the same story. "\\"Only, not quite the same. Because it was Perl 5.8.1 on one box and 5.8.3 on\another and 5.6.1 on the third, and the i18n/regex code was slightly different\in each version, and no two of them gave quite the same results. "\\"Now, I'll grant that Unicode/i18n is one ...\\	3
Fed Chief Hints at More Interest Rate Rises Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan said today that economic expansion had "regained some traction," and suggested that the central bank would stick to its plan of gradually raising interest rates.	2
FedEx Ground Steps to Bluetooth and GPRS Wireless (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - FedEx's Ground division already uses wireless RFID for asset tracking, but officials are taking a wait-and-see approach to other RFID possibilities.	3
France 'unaffected' by oil surge Crude oil's record-breaking run is not hitting consumer demand in France, the fastest growing euro zone economy, says budget minister Dominique Bussereau.	2
21 shot dead in Iraq police station massacre, two US soldiers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; RAMADI, Iraq, Nov 7 (AFP) - Gunmen rounded up and killed 21 policemen and two US soldiers died in separate attacks in Iraq Sunday, one day after car bombs and clashes killed 36 people in the restive Sunni heartland.	0
Israel pulls out of Khan Yunis leaving 17 dead as Qurei urges int #39; &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israeli troops withdrew from the southern Gaza Strip town of Khan Yunis on Tuesday morning, following a 30-hour operation that left 17 Palestinians dead.	0
For Merck, a Painful Withdrawal The two Merck  amp; Co. executives were somber as the company plane pitched and rolled through the remnants of Hurricane Jeanne on the night of Sept.	2
Baseball Shock At Caminiti Death Ken Caminiti, the 1996 National League MVP who later admitted using steroids during his major league career, died Sunday. He was 41.	1
Russia and Iran close to nuclear fuel deal Russia and Iran could sign an agreement on nuclear fuel supplies to Iran soon, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said. According to him, the agreement on the return of spent nuclear fuel to Russia is in its final stages.	0
Second oil spill this week shuts down Nfld rig ST. JOHN #39;S, Nfld. - Officials have shut down a drilling rig at the Terra Nova offshore oil project following another oil spill Thursday morning.	2
Bruandwo to allow shareholders to withdraw acceptance The Takeovers Panel said today that Brundwo Pty Limited has offered two undertakings relating to its proposed A\$1.2 billion bid for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group Limited (ALH).	2
Army reservist in Iraq pleads guilty in prisoner abuse court &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US Army reservist Staff Sgt. Ivan  #39; #39;Chip #39; #39; Frederick pleaded guilty Wednesday to five charges of abusing Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib prison as a two-day court-martial opened at a US base in Baghdad.	0
UPDATE 1-India lose early wickets in rain-hit final test India struggled to 22 for two on the rain-hit first day of the fourth and final test against Australia on Wednesday after losing openers Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir.	1
US classifies Sudan atrocities as genocide, seeks through UN probe (AFP) AFP - US Secretary of State Colin Powell classified the atrocities in Sudan's troubled Darfur region as genocide and called on the United Nations to launch a thorough probe into one of the world's worst humanitarian crises.	0
Lions don #39;t measure up Eagles too much for Detroit DETROIT - If this was a yardstick game, the kind a team measures itself by, then the Detroit Lions need some more of them. There were more than 36 inches of separation between the Lions and the Philadelphia 	1
Clemens, Houston stay hot Roger Clemens got his 326th win to tie Eddie Plank for 11th on the career list and the Astros hit four first-inning home runs to beat the Cincinnati Reds, 5-2, yesterday in Houston and move into the wild-card lead with their 12th straight win.	1
Former Missouri Coach Onofrio Dies (AP) AP - Al Onofrio, former head football coach at Missouri who also helped design defenses for Dan Devine for more than a decade, has died. He was 83.	1
1 Dead 5 Injured at Arafat Mourning Tent in Gaza A shooting at a tent set up for mourners of Yasser Arafat in Gaza City has left at least one security guard dead and five others injured.	0
Gillette posts \$475M US profit in quarter on strong sales of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Gillette Co. said Thursday its third-quarter profit rose 14 per cent as customers traded up to its premium-line shaving and dental care products and it sold more Duracell batteries due to the recent hurricanes.	2
Cracker Barrel Settling Discrimination Suits Cracker Barrel has agreed to pay \$8.7 million to settle lawsuits that accused the country-cooking restaurant chain of segregating black customers, subjecting them to racial 	2
Stocks Fall on GM Earnings, Higher Oil NEW YORK - A disappointing earnings report from General Motors Corp. and another rise in crude oil prices sent stocks lower Thursday as investors grew even more nervous about the economy...	0
Novell, Microsoft settle row Novell Inc. of Waltham is getting a half-billion-dollar check from Microsoft Corp. to settle an antitrust case that #39;s never been filed.	2
Worst-jobs list makes kissing up to the boss sound fun If you #39;re sick of smooching the boss #39;s derriere, start puckering and consider yourself lucky. At least you #39;re not forced to get up close and personal with the infested hind ends of people you don #39;t know.	3
Legendary venture capitalist looks ahead Since founding Sequoia Capital in 1972, he #39;s helped nurture some of the Valley #39;s biggest successes, including Apple Computer, Cisco Systems, Electronic Arts and Oracle.	3
Roddick to Open U.S. Davis Cup Bid Against Belarus  CHARLESTON, South Carolina (Reuters) - U.S. world number  two Andy Roddick will face Belarus' Vladimir Voltchkov in the  opening singles tie of their Davis Cup semi-final Friday.	1
UPDATE 2-Trump Hotels ends \$400 mln talks with DLJ Trump Hotels and Casino Resorts Inc. (DJTC.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) , trying to restructure \$1.8 billion in debt, said late Wednesday that it and DLJ Merchant 	2
Big media getting bigger reporter #39;s notebook HOLLYWOOD, Calif.--The nation #39;s leading Internet journalists wrapped up an annual meeting here on Sunday, confident that the World Wide Web is creating a new world order in a business that is dominated by a handful of large corporations 	2
U.S. Money Helped Opposition in Ukraine (AP) AP - The Bush administration has spent more than  #36;65 million in the past two years to aid political organizations in Ukraine, paying to bring opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko to meet U.S. leaders and helping to underwrite exit polls indicating he won last month's disputed runoff election.	0
Raiders' Wheatley Out with Hamstring Injury (Reuters) Reuters - Oakland Raiders running\back Tyrone Wheatley is expected to miss this week's game\against Kansas City with an injured left hamstring.	1
Clashes in Ramadi as militant group executes 11 Iraqi guards At least two Iraqis were killed in clashes today between US troops and insurgents in the restive city of Ramadi, as a militant group claimed it had executed 11 members of the Iraqi National Guard.	0
Florida voters may have plenty time to elect next US president (AFP) AFP - Florida elections supervisors want to give voters several days to elect candidates, a proposal offered after early voting in last month's presidential election apparently helped avoid a repeat of the 2000 election debacle.	0
Problems Plague Bank of America #39;s Fleet Merger Nearly a year after agreeing to buy FleetBoston Financial Corp., Bank of America Corp. has found it still has a lot of explaining to do in New England.	2
Sandisk releases flasher flash cards A CALIFORNIAN vendor of flash cards SanDisk has released new memory cards that they say will make a big splash in consumer gizmos like digital cameras and cell phones.	3
No finishing kick left for Pappas ATHENS -- Tom Pappas, a US gold medal favorite in the decathlon, saw his quest for an Olympic crown dashed yesterday by a serious foot injury that forced him to withdraw from the pole vault portion of the 10-event competition.	1
Holliston is pushed by Rogers Coming into last night's showdown with undefeated Tri-Valley League rival Holliston, the Medfield Warriors had reason to be confident. They had been averaging more than 30 points per game, and they had the league's leading scorer in halfback Bryan Lee.	1
Walgreen Boosts Profit, Plans More Stores Walgreen Co. (WAG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the top US drugstore chain, on Monday said quarterly profit rose 18.1 percent due to rising prescription demand and strong sales from its 	2
Unisys plans to cut 1,400 workers Unisys Corp. plans to cut 1,400 jobs, or nearly 4 percent of its work force, and consolidate some facility space, moves that will help yield annualized savings of about \$70 million a year by 2005.	2
US Airways Pilots Reject Wage And Benefit Cuts Leaders of the US Airways pilots #39; union have rejected the carrier #39;s latest contract proposal, hampering the airline #39;s attempt to avoid filing bankruptcy a second time.	2
Microsoft launches music service SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- In an attempt to unseat Apple Computer from its spot on top of the online music market, Microsoft officially launched its MSN Music service Tuesday.	3
2 Hamas militants killed in car explosion in Gaza At least two Palestinian militants, members of Hamas armed wing Izel Dein al Qassam, were killed in a car explosion in Gaza City neighborhoods Sunday evening, Palestinian medicos, security sources and witnesses reported.	0
Plants Perform "Green Clean" of Toxic Sites Many plants can naturally clean chemically contaminated soil and groundwater. Researchers are now helping them do a quicker, better job of rehabbing polluted sites.	3
Report urges hazmat inspection improvement WASHINGTON -- The government needs to do a better job monitoring and inspecting hazardous materials shipped aboard airlines, according to a report released Friday by the Transportation Department #39;s inspector general.	3
Reuters cameraman killed in Ramadi An Iraqi cameraman working for Reuters has been killed during heavy fighting between US forces and insurgents in Iraq #39;s western city of Ramadi on Monday, colleagues said.	0
Moody #39;s cuts Bombardier ratings, outlook negative Moody #39;s Investors Service said on Thursday it cut Bombardier Inc. (BBDb.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) and its unit #39;s senior unsecured debt ratings, with a negative outlook.	2
Choking on Growth Rapid economic development has led to filthy air. The good news: this is a mess that can be cleaned up	0
Iraq PM Blames U.S.-Led Forces' 'Neglect' for Massacre (Reuters) Reuters - Iraqi interim Prime Minister Iyad\Allawi said Tuesday "major neglect" by U.S.-led forces led to\the murder of 49 Iraqi army recruits by insurgents this\weekend.	0
PeopleSoft executive departs com October 15, 2004, 8:48 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.	3
Gators, Zook Never Quit After Ron Zook was fired Monday as the University of Florida #39;s football coach, he agreed to stay on until the end of the season.	1
Red Sox-Yanks an instant classic Heroics and heartbreaks, diving catches and basepath blunders, hot bats and bizarre slumps, rainy days and endless nights. Already an instant classic, a short story transformed into a great American League 	1
Now It #39;s Official: US Growth Slowed US economic growth slowed more sharply in the second quarter than first thought as oil prices rose and the trade gap swelled, the government said on Friday in a report 	2
Australia to Boost Security Net Around Coastline (Reuters) Reuters - Australia plans to strengthen its\coastal security with a controversial surveillance footprint\that stretches south of New Zealand to north of Indonesia.	0
UK Man Held Over Cisco Source Code Theft (Reuters) Reuters - Police said on Monday they have arrested\a 20-year-old British man on suspicion of stealing Cisco\Systems  source code, the basic instructions for the\machines that direct Internet traffic across the globe.	3
GameBoy mini-games win prize A set of GameBoy micro-games is named as the most innovative game of the year at a festival in Scotland.	3
The Turkish Question Yesterday, in one of its boldest moves, the European Commission agreed to begin talks on admitting Turkey to the EU. But fears run deep of a country of 70 million straddling Europe and Asia.	0
IBM Recall AC Adapters for Notebook Computers The adapters can overheat, cause damage to the circuit board and melt through the housing, which poses a fire and electrical shock hazard to consumers.	3
Parma Sack Baldini Silvio Baldinis adventure at Parma is over as on Monday morning the Ducali announced his sacking. This was partly due to their latest defeat at Livorno which leaves the Gialloblu firmly anchored in the last places of Serie A.	1
Thompson Does Not Fear O #39;Neill Exit Celtic midfielder Alan Thompson insists fears Martin ONeill might have managed Celtic in Europe for the final time will prove unfounded.	1
Saudi reformist trial adjourned A judge adjourns the trial of Saudi reformists amid a\standoff over whether the trial should be held in public.	0
Oracle ready to walk away from PeopleSoft, sees offer rejected (AFP) AFP - Oracle Corp. said it was prepared to walk away from its bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft, saying it had learned that its  quot;final quot; offer was on the verge of being rejected.	3
FDA to Inspect Boston Scientific Stent Plant -WSJ NEW YORK (Reuters) - The US Food and Drug Administration expects to inspect Boston Scientific Corp. #39;s Galway, Ireland factory in the  quot;near future quot; as part of its probe into the company #39;s coronary stent recall, the Wall Street Journal said on Friday. 	2
Microsoft To Share Office Source Code I_Love_Pocky! writes  quot;According to this article, Microsoft is going to give its source code for Office 2003 to more than 30 different world governements.	3
Fan Sues for Barry Bonds' 700th Home Run Ball  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - As the often-quoted Hall of Fame  catcher Yogi Berra might say: "It seems like deja vu all over  again."	1
Photo 1 of 8: Microsoft's new Media Center push Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.	3
Toll Brothers 3Q Profits Beat Estimates Luxury home builder Toll Brothers Inc. reported Wednesday that strong demand pushed third-quarter profits well above Wall Street expectations.	2
Bowa Out as Phillies Manager Larry Bowa was fired as manager of the Philadelphia Phillies on Saturday, a day before the end of yet another disappointing year.	1
Roddick vs. Voltchkov opens Davis Cup semifinal Andy Roddick will play Vladimir Voltchkov on Friday to open the Davis Cup semifinal between the United States and Belarus. Olympic silver medalist Mardy Fish was drawn Thursday to face Max Mirnyi in the second singles match.	1
Stocks Seen Stymied by Oil, Earns (Reuters) Reuters - Record crude oil prices, a tidal wave\of quarterly earnings reports and anxiety ahead of the U.S.\presidential election may pin U.S. stocks down next week.	2
Four Killed in Baghdad #39;s Green Zone A US Army 1st Battalion, 24th Infantry Regiment soldier scans the area through his rifle scope during a joint early morning raid on insurgent targets by Iraqi and US forces, during which 13 suspects were detained in Mosul, Iraq Friday, Nov. 26, 2004.	0
Cambodian Assembly Ratifies Khmer Rouge Trial Pact The Cambodian parliament ratified an agreement with the United Nations on Monday on setting up a tribunal to try surviving leaders of the Khmer Rouge regime responsible for the deaths of 1.7 million people.	0
Injured Devers Can't Finish Hurdles ATHENS, Greece - Gail Devers failed once again in the Olympic 100-meter hurdles, falling to injury just steps into her first race. Devers, 37, who has three world championships in the event, pulled up short and screamed as she slid under the first hurdle Sunday...	0
Al Qaida Man Killed in Gun Battle Police may have killed a suspected top al Qaida operative today in a four-hour gun battle at a house in southern Pakistan that also led to the arrest of two other men.	0
ESPN-Star threatens legal action against Zee #39;s Chandra New Delhi, Sept. 22 (PTI): Threatening legal action, ESPN-Star Sports today demanded a  quot;public apology quot; from Zee Telefilms chief Subhash Chandra, for his remarks alleging collusion between the BCCI and the sports broadcaster.	1
Apple releases AirPort 4.1 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple on Monday released AirPort 4.1, an update to the drivers for its wireless networking hardware running under Mac OS X v10.3. AirPort 4.1 is available for download from the Software Update system preference pane, and more information is available online.	3
Study: MP3 Player Market Booming (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Sales of portable MP3 digital-audio players are booming and are set to generate US #36;58 billion in revenue worldwide by 2008, according to a new study from research firm IDC.	3
Deal Said Struck Over Afghan Hostages (AP) AP - Taliban-linked militants holding three U.N. hostages claimed Wednesday the Afghan government has agreed to free some of their jailed comrades to prevent the killing of the foreign captives.	0
Iron Mountain Gets Connected Iron Mountain moved further into the backup and recovery space Tuesday with the acquisition of Connected Corp. for \$117 million. Connected backs up desktop data for more than 600 corporations, with more than 	2
Commonwealth chief says parliament, courts should solve Musharraf row (AFP) AFP - Commonwealth Secretary General Don McKinnon emerged from a meeting with Pervez Musharraf saying Pakistan's parliament and judiciary should solve a row over the president's efforts to remain army chief.	0
Brunell to Start Opener for Redskins (AP) AP - As expected, Joe Gibbs went with the veteran quarterback.	1
British firm reconsiders Boeing #39;s Wichita plant LONDON - British engineering firm GKN will take another look at buying Boeing #39;s Wichita manufacturing plant, it said yesterday.	2
Gunmen seize US and Arab hostages Iraqi insurgents yesterday kidnapped an American and up to five others in an audacious attack on a house in western Baghdad. An interior ministry source told the Guardian the militants approached the villa 	0
Dig below the hype companies dish out Whenever a mutual-fund company makes an announcement designed to build the public #39;s excitement and interest, investors should start looking for the answer to one simple question:  quot;What #39;s the big deal?	2
China move hits Australian mining stocks China #39;s surprise decision to raise interest rates to cool its economy pulled the rug out from under Australia #39;s high-flying resource sector on Friday, dragging the local sharemarket down from record highs.	2
Passing Game Stalls The Redskins are still waiting for quarterback Mark Brunell to get into gear. Brunell on Sunday produced one of the least productive games of his 12-year NFL career.	1
Satellite failure hits U.S. broadband services The failure of a communications satellite on Sunday has knocked out broadband services supplied by StarBand Communications, according to a statement posted on the company's web site.	3
Half-life shoots up Sierra VALVE, the makers of Half-Life, have won a court battle against their distributors Sierra Studios over the rights for pay as you play games.	3
Coles Myer rings up record profit Australia #39;s biggest retailer Coles Myer has posted a record net profit of Aust. \$576.5 million (\$403 million) and says it is on track to achieve its 2006 target of A\$800 million.	2
Postal Service Trying to Stay Competitive (AP) AP - From teaming up with a rock band to selling restaurant gift cards online, it isn't Ben Franklin's post office any more. The U.S. Postal Service is battling to keep its place in electronic America by going on the Internet.	3
KLM buying two more 777-200ERs, Etihad orders five 777-300ers SEATTLE - Abu Dhabi #39;s Etihad Airways confirmed an order for five Boeing 777-300ERs, and KLM Royal Dutch Airlines ordered two 777-200ERs, Boeing Co.	2
Learn Solaris Systems Programming &lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; Save 30 on this thorough reference	3
SM amp;A shares tumble after revenue warning Shares of SM amp;A (WINS.O: Quote, Profile, Research) tumbled more than 20 percent on Tuesday, a day after the consultant to defense companies warned that its third-quarter and 2004 revenue would fall short as political events in 	2
Enter your e-mail: We #39;re going through a spate of acquisitions of interesting small companies by portal behemoths, what with Google buying Picasa, AOL snapping up MailBlocks, and Yahoo grabbing OddPost.	3
U.S. Joins New Drive for Northern Ireland Deal  LEEDS CASTLE, England (Reuters) - U.S. special envoy  Mitchell Reiss will join British and Irish leaders at a  1,000-year-old castle on Thursday for talks billed as a final  chance to save Northern Ireland's 1998 Good Friday peace  accord.	0
Earnings alert: SCO to cap legal expenses Plus: Novell sees weakness in IT spending...Salesforce reports rise in profit...Nortel to lay off 3,500...Intuit posts loss while revenue rises.	3
2 Indonesians held in Iraq BAGHDAD - Two Indonesian women working for an electricity firm are among 10 new hostages reported seized by militants in Iraq. The Arab news network Al-Jazeera showed footage yesterday in which a group called 	0
ISS Crew Counts Calories as Food Supply Runs Low (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - With nbsp;food stores nbsp;running low, the two \astronauts living aboard the International Space Station (ISS) are cutting back \their meal intake and awaiting a critical cargo nbsp;delivery expected to arrive \on Dec. 25.	3
Imoh Powers Hokies North Carolina misses a potential game-tying 54-yard field goal with about a minute left and Virginia Tech prevails, 27-24.	1
UPDATE 2-India peg back South Africa despite Kallis ton Jacques Kallis hit his 17th test century but India #39;s fast bowlers took wickets at regular intervals to restrict South Africa to 227 for five on the first day of the second and final test on Sunday.	1
Catwoman far from perfect The Catwoman game is a major disappointment that feels like a pointless tie-in with the film.	3
Blue Jays Acquire McDonald From Indians (AP) AP - The Toronto Blue Jays acquired infielder John McDonald from the Cleveland Indians on Thursday for a player to be named.	1
Bush Warns Syria, Iran Against Meddling in Iraq  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush Wednesday warned Iran  and Syria not to meddle in Iraq ahead of elections scheduled  for January 30 and voiced new hopes of forging peace between  Israel and the Palestinians.	0
David vs. Goliath vs. Goliath Laszlo Systems CTO David Temkin is taking an open-source gamble to woo Web developers from Macromedia and Microsoft.	3
Top-seed Bartoli upset LOCAL favourite Iroga Tulyaganova of Uzbekistan produced a major upset today, eliminating top-seeded Marion Bartoli of France 6-4 6-4 in the first round of the \$US140,000 (\$191,048) Tashkent Open tennis tournament.	1
High Expectations a New Feeling at Cal (AP) AP - A short walk around the California campus this summer was all Geoff McArthur needed as proof of how much Golden Bears football has changed since his freshman year. A program that won only one game in 2001 and has the longest Rose Bowl drought of any Big Ten or Pac-10 team is finally getting noticed at a school more known for its protests than its passing.	1
Government to Rest in Enron Fraud Trial The government prepared to rest its fraud and conspiracy case today following testimony from a key Enron executive that a barge sale was a sham designed to inflate profits.	2
El Paso Sees \$2.7 Bln Drop in Assets  NEW YORK/HOUSTON (Reuters) - El Paso Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  disclosed the full damage from its drastic cut in reserves  earlier this year, saying a long-awaited restatement will slash  the value of its oil and gas assets by \$2.7 billion.	2
Law Sends Sharers to Slammer A new California law will make it illegal to share files online without providing a valid e-mail address. The MPAA says it hopes to get the law on the books in other states, too. By Katie Dean.	3
Slain filmmaker Theo van Gogh:  #39;a champion of free speech #39; AMSTERDAM, Nov 2 (AFP) - Theo van Gogh, the maverick Dutch film maker killed in the street here on Tuesday, was a controversial figure who seemed to delight in provocation and had a penchant for portraying difficult subjects on screen.	0
Pep Boys Stock Down After Earnings Miss (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of auto parts retailer Pep\Boys-Manny, Moe   Jack  fell 10 percent on Thursday, a\day after it said earnings dropped 48 percent last quarter on\more struggles in its service operations, missing estimates.	2
Late drop helps Bears duck Oregon BERKELEY, Calif. -- Geoff McArthur caught eight passes for 121 yards and two touchdowns, and fourth-ranked California's defense stopped Oregon near midfield with 1:39 left when Keith Allen couldn't hold the final pass in the Golden Bears' 28-27 victory yesterday that solidified their BCS hopes. Aaron Rodgers passed for 275 yards and three TDs, and J.J. Arrington ran for 188 ...	1
Iranian, Egyptian hostages freed; 12 killed in Iraq BAGHDAD (AFP) - An Iranian diplomat and an Egyptian telecom worker held for days by Islamic militants in Iraq were freed as 12 people died in fresh violence across the country.	0
EU to monitor anti-piracy efforts The European Commission is to start monitoring China, Ukraine and Russia to see if they are making genuine efforts to stop counterfeit goods.	2
Egypt road crash kills 33 Thirty-three people have been killed and 14 injured after a minibus and a truck collided on a desert road in southern Egypt on Sunday, police sources say.	0
UN team in S.Korea as N.Korea vows not to abandon nuclear ambitions (AFP) AFP - A United Nations inspection team arrived to further investigate South Korea's past unauthorized experiments with plutonium and uranium as North Korea vowed not to abandon its nuclear ambitions.	0
Boston Scientific goes shopping Boston Scientific Corp. wants to get deeper under your skin. Lawrence C. Best, its chief financial officer, says the company will make more than \$2 billion worth of deals over the next two years, many of them in technologies that play a much more invasive medical role, compared to Boston Scientific's traditional products.	2
Inflation shows surprise fall The inflation rate unexpectedly fell further below its 2.0 percent government-set target in August as clothing and footwear retailers raised prices by less than a year ago, official data shows.	2
AT T Wireless Moves to Sell Canada Asset AT T Wireless reached an agreement with Rogers Communications to help sell AT T Wireless's 34 percent stake in Rogers Wireless Communications Inc.	3
Roddick, Serena Advance at U.S. Open NEW YORK - Andy Roddick scuffed his hand, scuffled with the chair umpire and barely shook hands with Rafael Nadal when the match was over. A tough night for the defending U.S...	0
GDP growth slower in revision The US economy grew more slowly in the second quarter than previously stated, as it struggled under an increasing trade deficit and a slowdown in consumer spending, the Commerce Department said Friday.	2
United Missing Key Duo Manchester United will be without key duo Rio Ferdinand and Roy Keane for their Champions League tie away to Sparta Prague. Sir Alex Ferguson #39;s side travel to the Czech capital looking to put their inconsistent 	1
Qualcomm plans to phone it in on cellular repairs Over-the-air fixes for cell phones comes to Qualcomm's CDMA.	3
Transactions BASEBALL Detroit (AL): Recalled P Roberto Novoa, OF Curtis Granderson and INF Ryan Raburn from Erie (EL).	1
XM Satellite Radio to Begin Broadcasting on Web XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. (XMSR) will soon begin broadcasting some of its stations to subscribers over the Internet, fresh on the heels of the company's discontinuation of a receiver for PCs that some users used to circumvent the music industry's crackdown on illegal file sharing.	3
Harmony set for Gold Fields bid - FT South African gold producer Harmony, with backing from Russian metals giant Norilsk Nickel, is poised to make a surprise takeover bid today for Gold Fields, the world #39;s fourth biggest producer, the Financial Times has reported.	2
EU ponders sugar industry reforms EU agriculture ministers are to discuss urgent reforms to Europe's heavily subsidised sugar industry.	0
News: New Hypoxic Event Found Off Oregon Coast For the second time in three years, a hypoxic "dead zone" has formed off the central Oregon Coast. It's killing fish, crabs and other marine life and leading researchers to believe that a fundamental change may be taking place in ocean conditions in the northern Pacific Ocean. (Oregon State University press release)	3
Roe named ahead of Lyons for Scotland Test Queensland Reds #39; number eight John Roe will make his starting debut for the Wallabies in Saturday #39;s first Test against Scotland at Murrayfield.	1
Tamil Tigers are unlikely to change their stripes (NEWS ANALYSIS) : India News  gt; New Delhi, Aug 17 : For the first time since Sri Lanka #39;s peace process got under way in February 2002, Tamil Tiger guerrillas have come under flak from the West amid growing signs of a revival of the armed conflict. 	0
Columnists: Seeds of Disaster Internet Explorer's problems can be traced to Microsoft's shortsightedness during the browser wars of the 1990s. Is the company sowing tomorrow's security woes today?\	3
Iraqi Rebels Threaten Japanese Hostage A video posted Tuesday on a militant Islamic Web site in the name of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi #39;s group showed what it claimed was a Japanese captive and threatened to behead him within 	0
Sirius Shares Slip on JPMorgan Downgrade Shares of Sirius Satellite Radio Inc., whose shares have doubled over the past month, on Wednesday fell 8 percent after a JPMorgan analyst said that a further rally would make the stock expensive relative to its growth potential.	2
Ghana Votes for New President, Parliament (Reuters) Reuters - Voters in Ghana queued on Tuesday to\choose a new leader for their West African country in what was\expected to be a race between incumbent John Kufuor and\long-standing rival John Atta Mills.	0
Olympics finish on high note ATHENS - The Olympic oracles had long prophesized doom for the Summer Games #39; Greek homecoming. Unfinished venues. Lax security.	1
Us Grand Prix Is Back The United States Grand Prix is to return to the MotoGP calendar next year after an 11-year absence. 	1
U.N. Troops Fight Way Into Gang-Held Haitian Slum  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - U.N. troops, backed by  armored vehicles and helicopters, fought their way into a  lawless slum in the Haitian capital on Tuesday in their first  attempt to end a killing spree by warring street gangs.	0
Consumption increase  quot;encouraging quot;: statistics official A spokesman for China #39;s National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said here Friday that the 9.7 percent increase of consumption in the first three quarters this year is  quot;encouraging quot;.	2
Experts Link Some Drugs to Teen Suicide  BETHESDA, Md. (Reuters) - The use of some antidepressant  drugs appears linked to an increase in suicidal behavior in  some children and teen-agers, a U.S. advisory panel concluded  on Tuesday.	2
Royals Erupt for 26 Runs Joe Randa ties a major-league record with six runs scored as the Kansas City Royals break a club record for runs in a 26-5 rout of the Detroit Tigers in the first game of a doubleheader on Thursday.	1
Five Killed in U.S. Bombing of Iraq's Falluja  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - A U.S. bombing raid on the  restive Iraqi town of Falluja, west of Baghdad, overnight  killed five people and wounded six, a hospital doctor said on  Friday.	0
Colombia Offers Rebels Prisoner Swap Colombia's hardline government said Friday it is willing to meet with members of the country's main leftist rebel group in an unprecedented offer aimed at freeing dozens of rebel-held hostages, including three Americans.	0
Mickelson not giving up on award he wants Having captured the PGA Championship for his fifth victory of the season, Vijay Singh believes he has wrapped up player of the year awards barring an exceptional finish. 	1
Gates spills thoughts on Longhorn dilemma If the pessimist sees the glass half empty and the optimist sees it half full, what do we make of Bill Gates seeing his Longhorn glass three-quarters full?	3
AOL Opens AIM to Bot Makers America Online has formally opened up its AIM instant messaging network to bot-makers with the launch of a pay-per-use AIM Bot Program targeting enterprise customers.	3
DJ to acquire MarketWatch Dow Jones  amp; Co., publisher of the Wall Street Journal, says it has agreed to buy online news site MarketWatch Inc. in a \$519 million deal that widens its Internet audience.	2
Microsoft, Dell big winners of Air Force deal The Air Force signed a deal with Microsoft Corp. and Dell Inc. for software services that could be worth \$500 million over six years, Microsoft officials said today.	2
Around the CFL: The Argos are all business Head coach Mike  quot;Pinball quot; Clemons and the Toronto Argonauts are all business this week heading into Sunday #39;s Grey Cup matchup against British Columbia at Frank Clair Stadium.	1
Tough Road Ahead One view of the Terps' season reveals a team one play away from having two losses with eight games remaining that could be tougher than anyone had imagined.	1
UK Official Confirms Minister Blunkett Resigned  LONDON (Reuters) - Senior British government minister David  Blunkett, a trusted ally of Prime Minister Tony Blair, resigned  on Wednesday, a government official confirmed.	0
Coke, Bottler and EU Reach Antitrust Deal Coca-Cola Co. (KO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and its largest bottler, Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. (CCE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , said on Tuesday they had reached an agreement to settle 	2
Rangers Beat Staggering Orioles 6-4 (AP) AP - John Wasdin pitched six strong innings in his return from the minors, and the Texas Rangers handed Baltimore its 11th consecutive loss by beating the Orioles 6-4 Friday night.	1
Olympics: Hamm salutes triple victory from gymnastics controversy WASHINGTON : American Paul Hamm was celebrating what he hailed as a  quot;third victory quot; after being told by the Court of Arbitration for Sport that he could keep the Olympic gold medal he won in the men #39;s all-around gymnastics event in Athens.	1
Spyware Bills Win House Approval Two bills designed to curb the proliferation of Internet  quot;spyware quot; took another step toward law this week with overwhelming approval from the House of Representatives, but supporters said 	3
Napster claims first with downloads for mobiles Napster has claimed a first with the development of a subscription portable music service that delivers legal audio content to next-generation mobile phones.	3
Funds Move Toward Independent Chairmen (AP) AP - Mutual funds are moving to comply with a new rule that requires them to have independent chairmen starting in 2006, despite a growing challenge to the rule.	2
Second quarter sees rise in storage revenue Worldwide external controller-based disc storage revenue totalled \$3.2bn (1.8bn) in the second quarter, up 5.1 from the \$3.1bn recorded in the same period last year.	3
Police Display Weapons Confiscated From Teen #39;s Home Police arrested a 17-year-old in Clinton Township Thursday after receiving news that the boy was planning an attack on his own school.	3
IDC raises estimate for PC sales Researcher IDC has raised its estimate for the number of PCs that will be sold in 2004, saying it now expects sales of 176.5 million units, the company said Monday.	2
Thai PM Defiant Amid Anger Over Deaths Thai-Muslim citizens check for names their relatives who died after the Monday #39;s riot erected outside a military camp in Pattani province, southern Thailand Wednesday, Oct. 27, 2004.	0
Washington Post Profit Up on Education,TV Washington Post Co. (WPO.N: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday that quarterly profit jumped, beating analysts #39; forecasts, boosted by results at its Kaplan education unit and television broadcasting operations.	2
 #39;Weightless Wonder #39; Makes Final Flight The NASA (news - web sites) turbojet notoriously known as the  quot;vomit comet quot; for its use in training astronauts for weightlessness made its final flight Friday.	3
So Much For Hollowing Out Lying 800 kilometers south of Tokyo on the island of Kyushu, Oita prefecture is hardly the kind of place you would expect to find the trendsetting titans of Japan Inc.	2
Donsanjh still nixing pharmacare, but premiers plan meeting to refine program (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - In his first public address as federal health minister, Ujjal Dosanjh carefully toed the government line on Monday, saying Ottawa is prepared to invest more money in medicare to reduce waiting times, but not by sponsoring a national pharmacare program demanded by the provinces. But even as he was speaking, Saskatchewan's premier said in Regina that provincial premiers will meet one more time to flesh out the details of the proposed pharmacare program before taking their idea to Prime Minister Paul Martin.	0
Emoticons Invade Mars The Mars Global Surveyor released the latest glyph image that appears to evoke the kinds of communication in rock formations that has become famous among Mars' watchers on the internet. But there is a serious side to interpreting remote sensing data, and shadow is not always one's ally...	3
Mickelson sticks to skipping practice There is no  quot;I quot; in team, but there are two in Phil Mickelson. While the rest of his Ryder Cup teammates took part in a practice round Wednesday 	1
Despite evidence, Rwanda denies incursion into Congo JOHANNESBURG -- Rwanda denied yesterday it had sent troops into neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo, despite repeated threats from Rwandan President Paul Kagame to attack ethnic Hutu militias that have harassed his nation from the area.	0
Syria and Lebanon reject UN  #39;interference #39; Syria and Lebanon have rejected outright a renewed United Nations Security Council call for Damascus to pull its troops out of its tiny neighbour, calling the international body #39;s decision  quot;interference quot;.	0
ACCESS Announces NetFront Mobile Content Viewer Previewing and &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; /PRNewswire/ -- ACCESS Co., Ltd. (Tokyo Stock Exchange: 4813), a global provider of mobile content delivery and Internet access technologies announced the release of NetFront(R) Mobile Content Viewer a comprehensive 	3
Microsoft Launches Regional Versions of Hotmail (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp., the world's largest\software maker, has expanded its flagship MSN Hotmail internet\email service to include European and Japanese domain names, it\said on Friday.	3
Apple releases Mac OS X v10.3.7 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple on Wednesday released Mac OS X v10.3.7, the latest release of its "Panther" operating system. The company recommends the update for all users of Panther, and said that the update "delivers enhanced functionality and improved reliability."	3
Conoco Wins LUKOIL Stake Auction (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. oil major ConocoPhillips won an\auction for a 7.6 percent state stake in Russian oil giant\LUKOIL with a bid of  #36;1.988 billion, the Russian property fund\said on Wednesday.	2
Device found on Australian plane Australian police are investigating an incendiary device discovered on board an airliner at Sydney airport. A baggage handler found the device on Monday in the cargo hold of a Virgin Blue Boeing 737 that was 	0
UK/Iraq: 45-minute claim withdrawn Mr Straw made the admission that MI6 (British intelligence) had finally abandoned its dramatic claim when he told British MPs that the Blair government still supported the 	0
INDIANAPOLIS (7-3) At DETROIT (4-6) KEY MATCHUP - Colts QB Peyton Manning vs. Detroit secondary. No one has stopped Manning this season. The Lions #39; defense hasn #39;t stopped much at all.	1
Project Aims to Develop Hydrogen Power (AP) AP - A government laboratory and a private company announced a  #36;2.6 million project Monday to develop hydrogen in a nuclear reactor using a process with the potential to one day trim the country's reliance on fossil fuels.	3
Apple to expand European iTunes next month Speaking at the annual Popkomm conference in Berlin, Germany, Apple vice-president of applications Eddie Cue told music executives that the company will expand the online iTunes Music Store 	3
Judging Error Led to Hamm #39;s Gold Paul Hamm thought his fantastic finish was too good to be true. Maybe he was right. The International Gymnastics Federation ruled Saturday that Yang Tae-young was unfairly docked 	1
Click Fraud Threatens Web Someone could make the argument that watchdogs have better things to do. But click fraud -- endlessly clicking on ads to generate cash or hurt a competitor -- is a serious threat to the web business, and no one's doing much about it. Commentary by Adam L. Penenberg.	3
United States remain upbeat Skipper Richard Staple insisted the USA had gained valuable experience in their 210-run Champions Trophy defeat by New Zealand at The Oval.	1
Asian Stocks Gain, Led by Aluminum Corp.; BHP, Rio Tinto Climb Asian stocks rose after comments by Vice Premier Huang Ju increased optimism that China won #39;t adopt new measures to slow economic growth.	2
News Corp. Profit Rises 27 on Higher Cable Ad Sales (Update2) News Corp., the media company controlled by Rupert Murdoch, said fiscal first-quarter profit rose 27 percent, partly because advertising sales increased at its cable-television networks including Fox News Channel.	2
Court Rules Against Pennsylvania Law That Curbs Child-Pornography &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; federal court struck down a Pennsylvania law yesterday, ruling that the state could no longer force Internet service providers to block customers #39; access to Web sites thought to be distributing child pornography.	3
Kidd Skipping Night Session, Irking Nets (AP) AP - Jason Kidd is refusing to attend night sessions during the New Jersey Nets' two-a-day practices at training camp, and he doesn't care if the team fines him for it.	1
New signs of water on the Red Planet A cracked rock called Escher is helping NASA scientists reconstruct the history of water on Mars. They say that the crater currently being explored by the Opportunity rover may have been shaped by a second 	3
Boston Capital hopes to raise \$1b in IPO Boston Capital Real Estate Investment Trust Inc., an owner of apartment complexes in Florida, Oregon, Washington, and Utah, boosted the size of its initial public offering to as high as \$1 billion. The Boston-based company plans to sell as many as 100 million shares for \$10 each, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In November, Boston ...	2
Israeli and Palestinian Politics in Uncertainty and Disarray Israeli Prime Minster Ariel Sharon says he is determined to find new partners for his coalition government after suffering a major defeat in parliament.	0
UN Backs Open Source With New Agency It #39;s called the International Open Source Network (IOSN), which is an initiative of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) with a primary goal to promote Free and Open Source (FOSS) software usage.	3
AL Wrap: Lieber Dominates as Yankees Thump Red Sox  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jon Leiber carried a no-hitter into  the seventh inning while Alex Rodriguez homered, scored three  runs and drove in three more to lead the New York Yankees to a  14-4 win over the Boston Red Sox Saturday.	1
Schilling keeps eye on ankle The folks at  quot;Jimmy Kimmel Live quot; hoped Curt Schilling would stop by Tuesday for an appearance after he led the Red Sox past the Angels in Game 1 of the Division Series. But they ran into a couple of problems, including Schilling winding up at a local hospital to undergo a second round of X-rays on his ...	1
Talks for Sudan's Darfur deadlocked over disarmament: AU officials, rebels (AFP) AFP - African Union-brokered peace talks for Sudan's western Darfur region stalled over the sensitive issues of security and disarmament as they began their third week, officials said.	0
A Drive to Bring More Entertainment to Vehicles Samer Salameh envisions a world in which you can videoconference, check and send e-mail, watch your favorite television shows, make online reservations at your favorite restaurant and pinpoint the best route around a traffic jam -- all from the comfort of your moving vehicle.	3
Logicalis Acquires IBM Business Partner STI For \$90 Million BLOOMFIELD HILLS - Logicalis, an international IT integration company, has acquired for \$90 million Solution Technology, a privately held IBM solution provider and one of IBM #39;s top 10 Business Partners.	3
Chargers rally for fourth win CHARLOTTE, NC -- Keenan McCardell took his time getting dressed, carefully buttoning his bright fuchsia shirt and securing his striped tie.	1
Oracle releases delayed security patches Oracle Corp. released security patches this week that plug several vulnerabilities reported last month in its database software and other products.	3
Love DRM or my family starves: why Steve Ballmer doesn't Get It Ballmer digs pit, inserts whole MS strategy, keeps digging	3
Want a Treo 650? Better Sprint Carrier has locked up the hot new PalmOne smart phone until some time after the new year.	3
Zims status never under threat: ICC INTERNATIONAL Cricket Council president Ehsan Mani and chief executive Malcolm Speed on Sunday said that Zimbabwe*s Test status was never under threat even though the Zimbabwe Cricket Union 	1
U.S. Report Finds No Evidence of Iraq WMD WASHINGTON - Contradicting the main argument for a war that has cost more than 1,000 American lives, the top U.S. arms inspector reported Wednesday that he found no evidence that Iraq produced any weapons of mass destruction after 1991...	0
UK Ad Firm WPP Wins Bid for U.S. Rival (Reuters) Reuters - British advertising company WPP  said on\Sunday it won an auction for U.S. rival Grey Global, with what\sources familiar with the matter said was a cash-and-stock deal\worth about  #36;1.34 billion.	2
Soldier, 4 Militants Die in Renewed Gaza Fighting Four Palestinian militants and an Israeli soldier were killed Tuesday in the heaviest Gaza fighting since Yasser Arafat #39;s death, raising the prospect that renewed violence could complicate a vote for his successor.	0
Zimbabwe deports South African trade union fact finders HARARE : Zimbabwean immigration officials ordered a fact-finding mission from South Africa #39;s biggest trade union movement to leave after they defied a government ban, the leader of the South African team said.	0
Mavericks Beat Warriors 101-98 in Overtime (AP) AP - Dirk Nowitzki scored 25 points, including the opening basket in overtime that put Dallas ahead to stay, and the Mavericks remained unbeaten with a 101-98 victory over winless Golden State on Monday night.	1
Bomb in Southern Thailand Kills One Man, Injures 7 (Update1) A Buddhist man was killed and seven people were injured today in a bomb blast in the southern Thai province of Yala, where a Muslim insurgency has flared up in recent weeks, a police official said.	0
iRiver H10 Finally, the wait is over. After a long wait, iRiver has finally decided to challenge the might of Creative and Apple in the 5 GB portable music player department.	3
EMC debuts e-mail consolidation The product is designed to let companies manage years of e-mail messages on a single networked storage system.	3
Coke #39;s Isdell:  #39;We have underperformed since 1997 #39; Coke (KO) lowered its long-term targets for earnings and sales volume growth amid continuing weakness in key markets including North America, said it missed the health trend, and said it plans to boost spending on marketing its core brands 	2
Aviva to hire 3,300 in India, Lanka for offshoring biz Aviva Plc, the fifth largest insurer globally, will hire about 3,300 more people in India and Sri Lanka by 2007, as part of its strategy to outsource some of its life and non-life services.	2
Democrats Signing Up More New Voters The Democrats appear to be gaining the upper hand in the battle to sign up new voters in the all-important swing states, an Associated Press analysis suggests.    The AP analysis of the most up-to-date figures from across the country found that the Democrats have registered more new voters than the Republicans have in Arizona, New Mexico, Nevada and New Hampshire, while the GOP has done better in Iowa and appears to be holding its own in Florida...	0
Scientist Envisions Small-Scale Hydropower (AP) AP - A scientist says the United States could more than double its hydropower supply by harnessing the energy of smaller streams.	3
Arafat Seriously Ill but in Stable Condition Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat was said to be seriously ill but in stable condition Thursday as a team of international doctors prepared 	0
Snow says cutting trade deficit a priority Treasury Secretary John Snow said Wednesday cutting the US current account deficit will be a top priority for the Bush administration #39;s second term.	2
Rumsfeld sees Iraq pullout by 2008 US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld says he expects US troops to withdraw from Iraq within four years, conditions permitting, the New York Times said.	0
Australia Says It's Starting to Win Its Locust War (Reuters) Reuters - Australian locust fighters are getting\on top of one of the worst outbreaks of the insects in decades,\knocking out infestations before they begin to swarm and so far\protecting crops from major damage.	3
Head of wildlife trade body warns of dense rules The head of the world body regulating trade in endangered animals has warned the system was too complicated and was making it difficult to police the multi-billion dollar wildlife industry.	0
Gatlin Takes 100 Meter Gold American Justin Gatlin shot to victory in the Olympic 100 meters final on Sunday in an atmosphere of fevered excitement. Gatlin flew across the line in 9.85 seconds, one 	1
Browns Start Searches The Cleveland Browns have a few names in mind for both head coach and general manager with coordinators from Philadelphia and New England on the list.	1
Apple beats 4Q forecasts with fivefold increase in iPod sales NEW YORK, October 14 (newratings.com) - Apple Computer (AAPL.NAS) reported its highest fourth-quarter sales in the past nine years for 4Q FY04, while the company #39;s quarterly profits more than doubled on ay/y basis.	2
Experts Say U.S. Computer Control Systems Vulnerable By JUAN A. LOZANO    HOUSTON (AP) -- Businesses and government agencies must re-examine the growing threat of cyberterrorism to automated computer systems running power grids, dams and other industrial facilities, security experts said Tuesday...	3
Hurricanes blow by UMass CORAL GABLES, Fla. -- After his team's dramatic victory over No. 7 Connecticut last week, Minuteman Anthony Anderson said,  quot;We've been saying this is our year. quot;	1
NASA spacecraft tracks global air pollution A NASA spacecraft has begun the first-ever daily tracking of how air pollution moves across the globe, a scientist at NASA #39;s Jet Propulsion Laboratory said on Wednesday.	3
A Late Stage Entrance No longer the top gun in the Red Sox rotation, Pedro Martinez can recapture some status in Game 3 that has been lost to ineffectiveness and odd off-field behavior.	1
Time for 2-year-olds to be in the spotlight This is the last big weekend for prep races before the Breeders' Cup at Lone Star Park Oct. 30, and the 2-year-olds will take center stage.	1
Putin #39;s Chechnya envoy urges end to corruption President Vladimir Putin #39;s new envoy to Chechnya on Wednesday urged local officials to end corruption, while troops swept towns and villages hunting for rebels.	0
After Recapturing N. Iraqi City,  Rebuilding Starts From Scratch  TALL AFAR, Iraq -- A three-foot-high coil of razor wire, 21-ton armored vehicles and American soldiers with black M-4 assault rifles stood between tens of thousands of people and their homes last week.	0
McNair Leaves Game After Reinjuring Chest Tennessee Titans quarterback Steve McNair (9) gets off a pass before Minnesota Vikings defensive end Kenny Mixon, left, can reach him during the first quarter in Minneapolis, Sunday, Oct. 24, 2004.	1
US troops concluding storm relief operations in the Philippines (AFP) AFP - A major US military airlift of relief goods for victims of deadly storms in the Philippines was winding down, a spokeswoman for the mission said.	0
Groups Work on Schemes to Stop Hurricanes (AP) AP - Amateur hurricane-busters have come up with any number of crackpot ideas to spare Florida from ferocious storms. Among them: blowing hurricanes away with giant fans or blowing them up with nuclear warheads.	3
Am Exp suing for billions Fresh from a victory over its rivals in the Supreme Court, American Express now wants Visa and MasterCard to show it the money. American Express hired hot-shot lawyer David Boies, who headed 	2
Jacuzzi A Little Too Soggy For a small cap, Jacuzzi has a megabrand. But it's probably not enough to excite investors.	2
Eurekster and Friendster Partner for Friendster Search Engine Eurekster and Friendster Partner for Friendster Search Engine\\Friendster, the social networking community, and Eurekster, the Internet search engine powered by community and social networking technologies, announced the launch of personalized Internet search and navigation services on Friendster networks in eight countries.\\Friendster Search, powered by Eurekster, shows search results that have ...	3
Wall of Smoke Stalls Chinese Rescue, Hope Fades (Reuters) Reuters - A wall of thick smoke blocked rescuers\on Monday from 141 Chinese miners trapped after a gas explosion\in a coal mine in northern China that killed at least 25, and\officials saw scant hope of finding more survivors.	0
Cut, cut: Scene is repeated in Providence Well, yes, there are worse things than a lockout. In the midst of the NHL's self-imposed two-hander over the head (now day No. 66 on what appears the fast track to infinity), a couple of Bruins prospects turned their opportunity to play in Providence into their final days in the Boston organization.	1
Madison Park snags a deadlock with Jets The Madison Park boys' soccer team had one goal in mind yesterday: spoiling No. 14 East Boston's perfect record of 14-0. It couldn't hand East Boston a loss, but earned a 2-2 tie.	1
EU-China summit to give Beijing signal on arms ban THE HAGUE : The EU is set to give a  quot;positive signal quot; to China at a summit with Prime Minister Wen Jiabao over his call to lift a 15-year-old EU arms embargo, but no immediate decision is expected.	0
Stocks Rise on Sears, HP; Oil Trims Gains  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher, reviving  their recent rally on Wednesday after Kmart's plan to buy Sears  in a \$10.85 billion deal was announced and computer maker  Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; posted solid earnings, but a rise  in oil prices capped session gains.	2
Fun With Web services! Forget those pesky business functions. To learn how Web services work and what you can do with them, check out these useful utilities that tell you who uttered that famous Shakespeare line, for example, or even convert Sao Tome dobras to Malawi kwacha.	3
Infineon to pay \$160 million in settlement of price-fixing case WASHINGTON Federal prosecutors have announced that they have cracked a global cartel that had illegally fixed prices of memory chips in personal computers and servers for three years, and that one of the companies involved, Infineon Technologies, had 	3
Usual suspects could be challenged The pressure on IRL IndyCar Series championship leaders Tony Kanaan and Buddy Rice is beginning to increase with the end of the 2004 season just eight weeks -- or five races -- away.	1
No. 2 Oklahoma uses Texas game to show improvement Texas coach Mack Brown thinks this Oklahoma squad might just be better than the one that dominated his team a year ago. The reason wasn #39;t the score -- the second-ranked Sooners beat the Longhorns 12-0 on Saturday 	1
Dharam and Jayalalithaa congratulate STF for killing Veerappan: India News: Chennai, Oct 19 : The Chief Ministers of both Karnataka and Tamil Nadu have applauded the Special Task Force (STF) headed by Addl Director General Vijay Kumar and Superintendent of Police, Senthumari Kannan, for killing dreaded forest 	0
The Dollar Extends Gains  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar extended gains on Friday after  a positive batch of U.S. economic data prompted speculators to  buy the currency before trade trickles down during the year-end  holiday season.	2
Liverpool silence Riazor with gritty win LIVERPOOL revived their hopes of qualifying for the last 16 of the Champions League in emphatic style last night as Rafael Benitez used his inside knowledge of the Spanish game to steer his side to a stunning win over Deportivo La Coruna.	1
Japanese firms step up spending Japanese firms continue to spend on new equipment and production plants, a survey finds, underlining a continuing recovery in the world's second-largest economy.	2
Blair Demands Complete End to Ulster Violence Prime Minister Tony Blair insisted today that there must be a complete and unequivocal end to violence by paramilitaries in Northern Ireland if the power-sharing executive is to be restored.	0
Pair tell of 'Falconio' sighting Two witnesses tell an Australian court they saw UK backpacker Peter Falconio more than a week after he disappeared.	0
Arafat Eulogized as Keeper of Palestinian Dream In the international online media, Yasser Arafat is receiving gentler treatment in death than he usually received in life. Arafat was a  quot;truly great leader, quot; said the Jakarta Post in Indonesia.	0
Growth continues despite oil price hike The survey of business activity around the country, compiled from reports submitted by the Fed #39;s 12 regional banks, depicted an economy that was moving ahead with even the hard-hit manufacturing sector beginning to regain its footing after a prolonged 	2
BellSouth Profit Drops 14.6; Wireless Costs Get Some Blame The BellSouth Corporation, the third-largest Bell operating company, said yester that profit dipped 3.6 percent in the third quarter as expenses rose because of this summer's hurricanes and costs at its Cingular Wireless division.	3
Cassini Probes Saturn #39;s Moon The Cassini spacecraft has begun to beam close-up images of Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan to Earth. Cassini reached the point of closest approach, about 2,000 kilometres, Tuesday morning and transmitted to NASA #39;s deep-space network antenna in Madrid, Spain.	3
FA risk flak over leniency for Beckham The Football Association laid themselves open to ridicule last night when they ruled there was  quot;insufficient evidence quot; to charge David Beckham with bringing the game into disrepute, despite 	1
Latest Colaborata Upgrade Bows (Reuters) Reuters - TransMedia has unveiled\the latest version of its Colaborata online media platform and\said that ASCAP and SLG Advertising were among the first\customers to license the product. Other major\entertainment-related customers will be announced soon.	3
Asian Stocks: Japan #39;s Topix, Taiwan #39;s Taiex Climbed This Week Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Japan #39;s Topix stock index rose for the first week in three. Retailers such as Ito-Yokado Co. gained after a government report showed service industries expanded more than economists forecast in June, suggesting a pickup in ...	2
Courage of our favourite Aussie A friend called and said Keith Miller had died peacefully. It was one of the few times he did anything quietly. He was a vigorous and mettlesome man who loved a yarn.	1
Airlines under pressure from soaring fuel price PARIS (Reuters) - Europe #39;s largest carrier Air France-KLM has joined rivals in raising its ticket prices to offset soaring jet fuel costs, but a leading bank has questioned how effective the surcharges will be in protecting airline profits. 	2
With One Life to Live, the Red Sox Want It Now The Red Sox will either complete an amazing comeback as the first team to rebound from a 3-0 deficit in postseason history, or the Yankees will stop them.	1
Tokyo Stocks Climb to a Two-Week High  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks climbed to a two-week high  on Friday after Tokyo Electron Ltd. and other chip-related  stocks were boosted by a bullish revenue outlook from industry  leader Intel Corp.	2
FilePlanet Daily Download Half-Life 2 Goes Gold (PC) Ladies and gents it #39;s official! Half-Life 2 goes gold and expected November 16! Almost six years to the date that Half-Life went gold, VUGames confirms that Valve #39;s Half-Life 2 has 	3
Pitcairn By now, most people will have heard of the rather sordid tale of the Pitcairn Islands. For those who haven't, it is a tale of sex, scandals, infamy, mutineers, fights for survival and all sorts of other stuff that tabloid newspapers love.	3
Minister hints at pension switch The government will today face intense pressure to signal a shift away from means-tested pensions in the face of the independent Turner commission report #39;s startling finding that Britain faces a 57bn annual pensions gap.	2
Turkish EU entry opposed by many French and Germans Spain showed Spain was the only country with a large majority in favour of Turkey #39;s accession. poll of 4,813 people conducted between November 25 and December 3 and published by Le Figaro newspaper on Monday.	0
Brazilian championship matches stopped for minute of silence after &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Brazilian championship matches were stopped for a minute #39;s silence Wednesday in response to news that Sao Caetano defender Serginho died after collapsing on the field at Morumbi Stadium.	1
US lawyers file complaint over abuses in Abu Ghraib BERLIN -- A group of American civil rights attorneys filed a criminal complaint in German court yesterday against top US authorities, including Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, for acts of torture committed at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq.	0
NFL Game Summary - Buffalo at Baltimore Sanders has 23 career touchdowns overall...The paid attendance was 69,809...The Ravens have now posted four interceptions in a game six times...Baltimore star offensive tackle Jonathan Ogden left the game with a pulled left hamstring...Williams 	1
Gaza pullout a tactic ISRAEL #39;S plan to withdraw from Gaza was designed to put the peace process on hold and block the creation of a Palestinian state, a top aide to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said in an interview yesterday.	0
Turkish Opposition Party: Penal Code should be Ready by October 6 Turkey #39;s main opposition Republican People #39;s Party (CHP) called for the Turkish Parliament (TBMM) to convene for an emergency meeting on Septembers 28th to ready the Turkish Penal Code (TCK) by October 6th.	0
Myanmar strongman vows to bring democracy, crush anti-Indian rebels (AFP) AFP - Myanmar's military strongman Than Shwe wrapped up a visit to India with a pledge to bring democracy to his secretive state and said the junta will not let rebels against Indian rule operate from its soil.	0
N.B.A. Suspends Artest for the Rest of the Season Ron Artest of the Indiana Pacers has been suspended in connection with a brawl Friday night that injured nine fans at the Palace of Auburn Hills in Michigan.	1
Court battle over begins over real owner of Bonds #39; 700th home run &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SAN FRANCISCO The legal battle over who is the real owner of Barry Bonds #39; 700th home run ball begins this morning in Superior Court.	1
Anti-Bush activists on the march Opponents of President Bush take to the streets of New York for a protest march ahead of the Republican convention.	0
Fable Feels Like Unfinished Tale Fable succeeds as a plain-ol' fantasy action game where you kill things to buy stuff to kill bigger things. But given the expectations that preceeded it, the game is ultimately disappointing. Lore Sjberg reviews Fable.	3
Russian teenager wins cycling gold Russian teenager Mikhail Ignatyev gave his nation their first medal of the Olympic track cycling competition on Tuesday, winning gold in the men #39;s points race.	1
Twist to unarmed man death : The NBC journalist who filmed the fatal shooting of an apparently injured and unarmed Iraqi by a US Marine inside a Falluja mosque has written on his website that the wounded man made no sudden movements before he was shot.	0
Real fight back to beat Roma Real Madrid have proved there is still life at the Bernabeu after captain Raul scored twice to lead a heroic fightback and earn the home side a 4-2 victory over AS Roma in Champions League Group B.	1
Saudi Beheaded for Shooting Countryman (AP) AP - A Saudi man was beheaded Tuesday for fatally shooting a countryman, the Interior Ministry said.	0
NL notables Vinny Castilla , who has 298 homers, became the first Rockies player to hit 30 in a season six times.	1
Teen charged over Sasser virus The alleged writer of the disruptive Sasser virus has been formally charged by German prosecutors.	0
 #39;Dutch auction #39; finds few takers in the Netherlands NIJMEGEN, Netherlands Google #39;s so-called Dutch auction may have intrigued Wall Street, but nobody here was buying it, figuratively or literally.	3
Gibbs Shows How to Go Home Again Clinton Portis took the handoff and sped down the right sideline, past Coach Joe Gibbs, for a 64-yard touchdown in the signal moment in the Redskins' victory.	1
Brown-Forman #39;s earnings jump 67 Brown-Forman Corp., which sells products ranging from Jack Daniel #39;s whiskey to Lenox china, posted a better-than-expected 67 percent jump in earnings Thursday as aggressive marketing boosted sales of premium spirits and new wines.	2
Weather gets 3D gaming makeover BBC weather is to use 3D gaming graphics technology to make its bulletins more realistic and accurate.	0
Giants Cramming for an Early Test The Giants are not exactly fearing their game in Philadelphia on this first Sunday of the N.F.L. season. In many ways, they relish it.	1
IT Forum: Exchange users to get more tools Although Microsoft won't announce the release date of the next version of its Exchange Server until next year, users can expect more management tools for existing versions in the meantime.	3
TOMPKINS: Best, worst in TV baseball manifest as Sox, Yanks duel The 14-inning playoff game between and Yankees and the Red Sox Monday was baseball #39;s version of The Longest Day, and it illustrated some of the best and worst in televised baseball.	1
Skidding Browns finally see the light, purge Butch In the end, Cleveland #39;s Butch Davis was right where he wanted to be, which was ironic because it was that position that made him such a convenient target for dismissal.	1
China's Jiang gives up top military post, completing handover of power to Hu (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BEIJING (AP) - Hu Jintao became the undisputed leader of China as the country completed its first orderly transfer of power in the communist era Sunday with the departure of former president Jiang Zemin from his top military post - giving a new generation a freer hand to run the world's most populous nation.	0
Last Australian aid group in Iraq leaves after latest deaths Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. SYDNEY, Australia -- The last remaining Australian aid agency in Iraq announced Friday it is pulling out following 	0
Students, college face off over Wi-Fi University of Texas bans students' private Wi-Fi hot spots, saying they block access to a campus wireless network.	3
Tom Brokaw: Events And Leaders Of Our Time NEW YORK -- In his long career at NBC, Tom Brokaw has covered some of the remarkable events and extraordinary figures who have shaped the last quarter-century.	0
Fidel Castro falls after speech, breaking knee and causing &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Cuban President Fidel Castro tripped on a step and tumbled to the ground after leaving the stage at a graduation ceremony, fracturing a knee and arm but quickly returning to say that he was  quot;all in one piece.	0
Australian shares back in record territory on NAB strength SYDNEY : Australian share prices returned to record territory, adding 0.28 percent as investors shrugged off disappointing results from National Australia Bank to send the market higher, dealers said.	2
Ravens Pummel Browns, 27-13 (AP) AP - Burned for a touchdown on the game's first play, it was hard to imagine the Baltimore Ravens would win on the strength of their special teams. A spirited defensive stand, capped by an NFL-record 106-yard interception return by Ed Reed, didn't hurt, either.	1
Asia-Europe Group Urged to Use Euros, Cut Dollar Dependence Asian and European nations should cut dollar dependence and use more euros in trade, according to an advisory group representing more than three dozen countries, which comprise half of the global economy.	0
Daiei slipping away The latest twist on the thrashings of dying retail giant Daiei developed last week when it emerged that Wal-Mart has been in talks with the IRCJ, the government #39;s turn-around fund, to possibly taking a position in Daiei.	2
Altera Guides Lower Midquarter Chipmaker Altera (ALTR:Nasdaq - news - research) lowered fourth-quarter sales guidance after the bell Wednesday, citing a more severe decline in its communications segment.	2
Nuclear impasse top of agenda as NKorea's No. 2 meets China's leaders (AFP) AFP - North Korea's second ranking leader was scheduled to meet with China's two most powerful men as Beijing persisted in its efforts to revive stalled talks on the nuclear standoff.	0
Red Flag Warning Issued For LA County LOS ANGELES -- A Red Flag Warning signifying a high risk of fire will be in effect Tuesday in the mountains and valleys of Los Angeles County because of a combination of Santa Ana winds and very low humidity.	3
Sprint, Mediacom join in Internet phone deal KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Sprint Corp. and cable television provider Mediacom Communications Corp. made public an agreement yesterday that will allow Sprint to offer Internet telephone service to Mediacom's 2.7 million household subscribers.	2
Johnson bound for Yankees: report CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Arizona Diamondbacks, who made a big splash before and during baseball #39;s winter meetings, soon could be facing life without the Big Unit.	1
Exhausted Phelps feels the strain Michael Phelps yesterday pulled out of the 400 metres individual medley at the short course world championships in Indianapolis with a sore back.	1
NBA Brawler Ron Artest, Playing a Different Tune  Yesterday morning things seemed pretty dicey for the NBA's Ron Artest, as chatter about "the poster boy for bad behavior" and talk of federal lawsuits, possible criminal charges and suspension appeals fluttered about the airwaves. &lt;em&gt;D&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em&gt;rama&lt;/em&gt;, people. Then there was the little matter of the \$5 million -- \$5 million! -- in lost wages, the kind of thing that happens when you hand out beatdowns to fans,  and end up being told to sit your heinie down for the rest of the season and repent.	1
Megawati's party seals deal with Golkar to dominate Indonesia's parliament (AFP) AFP - President Megawati Sukarnoputri forged a pact with Indonesia's largest political group Golkar to form a bloc that will dominate parliament but is seen as unlikely to ensure her reelection.	0
Deadline Looms for Suspects in UK Anti-Terrorism Raids  LONDON (Reuters) - British police must charge or release on  Tuesday nine men arrested earlier this month in anti-terrorism  raids that followed a tipoff from an al Qaeda suspect in  Pakistan and security alerts in the United States.	0
Heat is on MTFG to place UFJ bid Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial Group Inc. was under pressure Wednesday to come up with a takeover offer for UFJ Holdings Inc. that would fend off an unexpectedly generous \$29 billion rival bid by Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc.	2
Ruling Likely Ends Bloom's College Football Career The N.C.A.A. has denied Jeremy Bloom's request to play football at Colorado while accepting endorsements to support his skiing career.	1
Packers place Pederson on IR The Green Bay Packers placed backup quarterback Doug Pederson on injured reserve Thursday, ending his season. Pederson broke a rib, cracked a bone in his back and tore a muscle in his side in a 14-7 loss Sunday to the New York Giants.	1
Swisscom, Austrian telecom talks cut off: OeIAG (AFP) AFP - Negotiations between the Austrian privatisation agency OeIAG and the Swiss telecommunications group Swisscom for a stake in Telekom Austria ended without a deal, OeIAG said in a statement.	0
Adobe pulls Acrobat 6.03 update Adobe has temporarily withdrawn its v6.03 update for Adobe Acrobat 6, which was posted earlier this week. Adobe #39;s download page for the update says,  quot;The 6.0.3 update is temporarily unavailable for Mac OS versions of Acrobat 6.0 Professional and Standard.	3
Russia Introduces Terror Resolution UNITED NATIONS - Russia introduced a draft resolution Monday calling for a new list of suspects who would be subject to extradition in a stepped-up global campaign against terrorism. China welcomed it but Pakistan and other Security Council members eyed the proposal with caution...	0
Bears Secondary Suffers Another Blow (AP) AP - Chicago Bears cornerback Charles Tillman will miss seven to 10 weeks with a right knee injury, a blow to a secondary already stretched thin by injuries to Mike Brown and Jerry Azumah.	1
Hatch #39;s bill for tuition breaks for undocumented immigrants &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, has inserted his  quot;DREAM Act quot; into the budget authorization for the Justice Department, bypassing opposition from Republican leaders who have refused 	3
Stevens Returns to U.K. After Detention LONDON - The singer formerly known as Cat Stevens returned to Britain Thursday, saying he was "totally shocked" that he was barred from entering the United States.    The singer, who changed his name to Yusuf Islam more than 25 years ago, was met by a swarm of reporters as he came through the arrivals area at Heathrow airport...	0
Notre Dame #39;s Willingham just had too many bad Saturdays There has been much talk over the past 36 hours about how Notre Dame and its football program are now no different from any number of other college football  #39;factories #39; littering the landscape.	1
Red Sox reel in Cubs #39; Clement It was a busy day for Red Sox brass, who also introduced new shortstop Edgar Renteria. By GARRY BROWN. Free agent pitcher Matt Clement apparently will be coming to the Boston Red Sox to plug the last open spot in their starting rotation.	1
Redskins Sign Kicker for Bears Game (AP) AP - The Washington Redskins signed Ola Kimrin on Saturday to replace injured kicker John Hall.	1
Experts Warn of Security Flaws in Alternative Browsers Secunia issued a warning that the so-called tabbed browsing function in many alternative Web browsers from Mozilla, Opera, Netscape, Avant, Camino and others leave users vulnerable to spoofed 	3
Vodafone not in talks with Verizon about Sprint British-based mobile phone giant Vodafone Group said Tuesday that it was not in talks with US partner Verizon Communications about a possible bid for US rival Sprint.	2
Closer Brad Lidge Delivers for Astros (AP) AP - No bullpen collapse by the Houston Astros this time. Brad Lidge was on the mound. The Astros closer allowed just one hit and struck out five in two innings Saturday, protecting Houston's lead and helping the Astros beat the St. Louis Cardinals 5-2 in Game 3 of the NL championship series.	1
Iran Seen Using EU to Buy Time to Get Atomic Bomb  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran is using negotiations with the  European Union's "big three" on suspending sensitive nuclear  activities to buy the time it needs to get ready to make atomic  weapons, an Iranian exile and intelligence officials said.	0
Federal Court to Hear Microsoft Appeal of Internet Explorer Case Software giant contesting order to pay \$521 million in patent infringement verdict.	3
Dutch court bars Kurd extradition A Dutch court blocks the extradition to Turkey of a Kurdish woman said to be a top militant leader.	0
Firefox helping to make Web better for all This column gets results. A few months ago I suggested that Internet users would do well to give up on Microsoft Corp. #39;s buggy and insecure Internet Explorer browser and check out some well-crafted alternatives.	3
FTSE 100 opens higher The FTSE 100 has opened higher, with financial stocks in demand after a well-received trading statement from hedge fund firm Man Group.	2
GM reviewing European operations General Motors may restructure its European operations as it aims to trim costs in the loss-making division.	2
AT amp; Wireless unveils messaging-only handheld AT amp;T Wireless on Monday seemed to be trying to turn back the clock on cell phone design trends when it introduced the Ogo, a messaging-only handheld.	2
Bill Imposes Prison Time Over  #39;Spyware #39; WASHINGTON - The House on Thursday passed the second bill in three days that would outlaw  quot;spyware, quot; irritating software that quietly monitors the activities of Internet users.	3
England wrap up 4-0 series victory England duly completed a 4-0 whitewash in their controversial one-day international series against Zimbabwe on Sunday in Bulawayo.	1
Bomb Hits Jakarta's Paris Embassy, Motive Unclear  PARIS (Reuters) - A small parcel bomb exploded outside the  Indonesian embassy in Paris before dawn on Friday, slightly  injuring 10 people and shattering windows, but officials said  they had no clues to the motive.	0
Singh, Leonard in Final Pairing at PGA HAVEN, Wis. - Whistling Straits is suddenly the least of anyone's worries...	0
RBC Centura announces leadership change Scott Custer has been named RBC Centura Banks Inc. #39;s chief executive officer, succeeding Kel Landis, who is retiring from the Rocky Mount-based regional bank.	2
NASA experimental scramjet prepares for Mach 10 attempt LOS ANGELES -- The future of hypersonic flight is uncertain, but next week a tiny unmanned NASA jet will try to hurtle into that unknown on a one-way trip at 10 times the speed of sound.	3
 #39;Monday Night #39; flap gets FCC #39;s attention The head of the Federal Communications Commission joined the chorus Wednesday complaining about the steamy locker room opening to ABC #39;s  quot;Monday Night Football.	1
Horse tested positive for banned drugs DUBLIN, Ireland -- An equestrian doping scandal could cost Ireland its only gold medal from the Athens Olympics. Cian O #39;Connor won the individual show jumping gold aboard Waterford Crystal, but the horse was 	1
The Phantom Stock Split "Boost" If St. Jude Medical's stock went up, it's not because it's worth any more.	2
Democrat Elected as Powerful Belgrade Mayor  BELGRADE (Reuters) - Serbia's pro-reform Democratic Party  candidate won the powerful post of Belgrade mayor in the runoff  vote on Sunday, beating an ultra-nationalist rival, according  to a preliminary result by independent monitors.	0
NY pension fund says to tender PeopleSoft stock New York state #39;s pension fund, the nation #39;s second largest, said on Friday it plans on tendering its 2.2 million shares of PeopleSoft Inc.	2
Palestinian Committee Given Report on Arafat Death (Reuters) Reuters - Yasser Arafat's nephew on\Saturday handed a medical report to a Palestinian committee\investigating the cause of the Palestinian leader's death at a\French hospital on Nov. 11.	0
Axed TV presenter joins Russian Newsweek The dismissal in June of Leonid Parfyonov, one of the best-known screen faces in Russia whose programme often tested the limits of Kremlin-defined political correctness, triggered fears of further crackdown on media freedom.	0
US Won #39;t Wait Long In Airbus-Boeing Row The United States will not wait long before resorting to legal action in the trade dispute over government support for Airbus and Boeing, US Trade Representative Robert Zoellick said on Tuesday.	2
Make all mobile homes safer during hurricanes While the complete post-mortem about Hurricane Charley will take months to complete, some conclusions already are apparent. For one, houses fared much better in the Category 4 winds than mobile homes.	2
UPDATE 1-Mauresmo starts strongly, Williams wins again Amelie Mauresmo made a powerful start in her bid to end the year as world number one with a 6-1 6-0 rout of Vera Zvonareva at the WTA Championships on Thursday.	1
US Airways Files for Ch. 11 Bankruptcy  ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt;,  squeezed severely by low-cost rivals and soaring fuel prices  and failing in its drive for new labor concessions, filed for  bankruptcy protection on Sunday for the second time in two  years.	2
Cricket: A new twist on bowling International cricket is set to revise the most controversial of the 42 laws that govern the playing of the game, based a report from an expert committee.	1
EBay Scrambles for Answers to PayPal Outage PayPal said functions of the service that enable buyer and seller to exchange shipping information and to process payments immediately upon closing a sale were also affected by the outage.	3
Nvidia to put more force behind Intel processors Graphics chip maker Nvidia on Friday made public plans to create a version of its nForce chipset for Intel processor PCs. That #39;s something Nvidia couldn #39;t legally do in the past, but can now, thanks to a broad patent swap with Intel.	2
Brazil launches first rocket since accident Brazil has successfully launched a test rocket, 14 months after a more powerful one exploded before lift-off killing 21 people, Brazilian space officials said Sunday.	3
Opposition in Ukraine eases siege KIEV -- Opposition protesters began to lift their two-week siege of Ukraine's Stalin-era Cabinet headquarters yesterday, a day after parliament adopted electoral laws to ensure a fair ballot in the repeat presidential runoff.	0
Italy calls for calm after execution claim The purported execution of the two women, both aid workers abducted more than two weeks ago in Baghdad along with two Iraqi colleagues, caused consternation in Italy, with Italian TV and radio running special bulletins through the night.	0
Security concerns put MSN Messenger beta on hold Microsoft Corp. has suspended the beta testing of the next version of its MSN Messenger client because of a potential security problem, a company spokeswoman said Wednesday.	3
Darkhorse Dominates Tournament of Champions Heather Daly-Donofrio wasnt supposed to be in the select field of the LPGA Tournament of Champions. But the former Yale womens golf coach took full advantage of the opportunity, closing with a 2-under 	1
Wolfsburg Consolidate Top Spot with Stuttgart Victory Bundesliga leaders VfL Wolfsburg bided their time in a tactically stifling game to burst into life courtesy of two wonderful goals by Martin Petrov and beat title rivals VfB Stuttgart 3-0.	1
EU, India decide to forge strategic partnership The fifth summit meeting between the European Union (EU) and India, held on Monday in The Hague, decided to start forging a strategic partnership between the EU and India.	2
Tokyo Stocks End Lower on Profit Taking (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks fell Thursday as investors took profits after five straight sessions of gains. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.	0
SP2 Internet Explorer enhancements for Windows XP only Part of the recently-released Service Pack 2 for Windows XP was a slew of long-awaited updates to Internet Explorer. Along with patches for the browser, SP2 also included features such as the ability to block 	3
US, EU Trade Blows on Aircraft Subsidies WASHINGTON, DC / BRUSSELS, Belgium - 10/07/04 - Whatever meager goodwill was gained by the move yesterday - albeit tardy - by Congress to act on the contentious Foreign Sales Corporation - Extraterritorial Income Act (FSC-ETI) export tax mechanism has 	2
Georgia makes secret wealth offer Georgia is offering a one-off  #39;tax amnesty #39; to people who hid their earnings under the regime of former president Eduard Shevardnadze.	2
Sorenstam wins record fourth straight Mizuno title Annika Sorenstam matched the LPGA Tour record for consecutive victories in a tournament Sunday, winning the Mizuno Classic for the fourth straight season to lock up her seventh player of the year title.	1
Two More IE Holes Surface Security researchers are warning of another pair of vulnerabilities in Microsoft Corp. #39;s Internet Explorer browser affecting users on fully patched Windows XP Service Pack 2 systems.	3
Samuels Rebounds After suffering through the worst season of his career, Redskins left tackle Chris Samuels is dedicated to returning to Pro Bowl form.	1
Chinese Minister Sees Fast Economic Growth (AP) AP - China's finance minister said economic growth of 9 percent this year would be acceptable, state television reported Wednesday, in the first acknowledgment by a senior official that growth might exceed the government's target of 7 percent.	2
An optical disk that could store the whole Simpson saga! LONDON: This one is surely good news for Simpsons #39; fans. Physicists at Imperial College London are developing a new optical disk that could store all 350 scheduled episodes of The Simpsons , totalling 8,080 minutes of film.	3
UK interest rates remain at 4.75 UK interest rates have been kept on hold at 4.75 following the latest meeting of the Bank of England #39;s rate-setting committee.	2
Japanese princess breaks seclusion but officials say it might be difficult for her to resume her official duties this year. Naruhito were driven from the palace where they live to the nearby residence of Emperor Akihito and Empress Michiko.	0
Intel Delays Launch of New Projection TV Chip By MATTHEW FORDAHL    SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- In another product postponement, semiconductor giant Intel Corp. (INTC) said it won't be offering a chip for projection TVs by the end of 2004 as it had announced earlier this year...	3
Haiti #39;s PM a  #39;killer #39; HAITI #39;S former President Jean-Bertrand Aristide lashed out today at his country #39;s interim prime minister, calling him  quot;a killer quot;.	0
Magnetic Beaks Help Birds Navigate, Study Says The findings add to the debate over whether pigeons and other birds chart their flight paths by using a magnetic sense or by following scent clues in the atmosphere.	3
World Bank warns Sri Lanka to watch taxes, peace bid (AFP) AFP - The World Bank has welcomed Sri Lanka's move to boost tax revenues and pump money into rural areas, but warned a return to war with separatist Tamil rebels could be disastrous for economic stability.	0
UPDATE 2-Williams ends effort to sell power business Williams Cos. Inc. (WMB.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has scrapped efforts to sell its power business as the depressed wholesale market has damaged prospects for selling the unit, the natural gas company said on Thursday.	2
Vendors Address Productivity, Convergence at Wireless Expo SAN FRANCISCOThe tension between enterprise and consumer segments of the wireless market was evident at Monday #39;s keynote addresses here at the CTIA Wireless conference and expo.	3
Update: Apache Geronimo readied as Java app server (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - LAS VEGAS -- Geronimo, the open source Java application server in development by the Apache Software Foundation, will provide a malleable technology base amenable to applications such as regulatory compliance systems, according to a technologist working on the project. #160;	3
Pitt Notebook: Harris chooses FG over touchdown try before half Pitt coach Walt Harris preferred to  quot;play the percentages quot; late in the first half last night and, as a result, the Panthers came away with a field 	1
Taiwan Chen's Pro-Independence Party Loses Poll  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian's party  suffered a surprise defeat on Saturday in elections likely to  be welcomed in Beijing as a step back from what it sees as  dangerous moves toward independence from mainland China.	0
J amp;J Sets Pace With \$25B Guidant Deal NEW YORK -- Johnson  amp; Johnson will acquire Guidant Corp., one of the world #39;s leading makers of cardiac devices, for about \$25.4 billion in cash and stock.	2
Ex-CA chief pleads not guilty to fraud This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half. NEW YORK--Former Computer Associates International Chief Executive Sanjay Kumar pleaded 	2
Taiwan Braces for Typhoon Aere, Markets Close  TAIPEI (Reuters) - Typhoon Aere, packing strong winds and  heavy rains, churned toward Taiwan on Tuesday, disrupting air  and sea traffic and forcing financial markets, schools and  businesses in capital Taipei and nearby counties to close.	0
NYC Denies All Central Park Rally Permits (AP) AP - The city's decision to deny a permit to protesters for a rally on Central Park's Great Lawn on the weekend before the Republican National Convention is about preserving the lawn, not suppressing speech, lawyers for the city said in federal court Friday.	0
Fund finds turnaround opportunities John Keeley, manager of the \$155 million Keeley Small Cap Value Fund, is generating above-average returns by buying shares of US companies that are emerging from bankruptcy or being restructured.	2
Bolton seek cheap Diouf deal The Liverpool striker is on a season-long loan deal at the Reebok Stadium from Liverpool, yet is currently at the centre of a spitting controversy involving Arjen De Zeeuw.	1
CA integrates PestPatrol anti-spyware Computer Associates International (CA) will announce Monday that it has integrated an anti-spyware product from its purchase of PestPatrol with its own eTrust Security Management portfolio.	3
Nordstrom shares are hammered after earnings miss CHICAGO, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Shares of Nordstrom Inc. (JWN.N: Quote, Profile, Research) dropped 9 percent early on Friday after the luxury retailer missed Wall Street #39;s earnings target and forecast disappointing profits for the current quarter. 	2
Spain #39;s win puts Serbia on brink Spain clinched first place in Group A with a 76-68 victory yesterday in Athens, leaving Serbia-Montenegro in danger of failing to reach the quarterfinals.	1
Air Pollution Hits Record Levels in Hong Kong (Reuters) Reuters - Air pollution in Hong Kong has hit\record levels, the government said on Wednesday, and it warned\people with heart or respiratory problems to stay indoors.	3
UPDATE 1-Trump casinos aim to set restructuring course soon Donald Trump #39;s casino company expects to decided in the next couple of weeks whether it can reach a new debt restructuring deal with bond holders, sell assets or whether Trump will take the company private, executive vice 	2
Stocked Edge Higher As Oil Prices Retreat NEW YORK - A sharp drop in oil prices gave Wall Street a modest relief rally Monday, with stocks edging higher on news that oil production had soared during the month of September.    Investors who have sold stocks for months as oil prices climbed reversed course Monday and started buying as the price of crude declined...	0
Beijing Loves the Web Until the Web Talks Back China's government has strategically deployed the Internet to economic advantage, while clamping down on undesirable content and use.	3
Window Dressing for Nudists Cosmetically altered mutual funds don't make sense -- and they're ugly, too.	2
Killer B #39;s The Indians got just what the doctor ordered Tuesday night -- an updated version of the 1960s TV show  quot;Ben Casey quot;. Ben Broussard hit a three-run homer to get Cleveland back in the game and Casey Blake singled 	1
Update 1: Tokyo Stocks Lower; Dollar Falls Vs. Yen Tokyo stocks edged lower Monday morning because of concerns about rising oil prices. The US dollar was down against the Japanese yen.	2
Rumsfeld Says U.S. Faces Test of Wills in Iraq  ARBIL, Iraq (Reuters) - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld,  calling the Iraq war a test of wills with insurgents, told  Iraqi security forces on Sunday protecting their nation's  sovereignty was their duty.	0
Barca and Real go top in Spainish league England captain David Beckham and former Celtic favourite Henrik Larsson scored winning goals for their respective teams to put Real Madrid and Barcelona on top of the Spanish league.	1
Iraq Group Takes 2 French Citizens Hostage  DUBAI (Reuters) - An Iraqi militant group has kidnapped two  French citizens and is demanding the French government end a  ban on Muslim headscarves to free them, Arabic television  station Al Jazeera said Saturday.	0
Yankees GM knows his next mission Told his job is safe for now, Cashman will seek answers to team #39;s pitching collapse. By Mike Fitzpatrick. NEW YORK -- Brian Cashman #39;s job is safe -- at least for now.	1
MPAA to sue Net pirates Warning that film piracy represents the greatest economic threat to the movie industry in its 100 year-plus history, the Motion Picture Association of America announced Thursday that it plans 	3
Software enables nurses to bid for extra shifts AYER -- Registered nurses at Nashoba Valley Medical Center are doing what few of their counterparts anywhere can do: logging on to their computers and bidding on working shifts that have openings.	2
Greek Sprinters Given Two-Day Reprieve  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek sprinters Costas Kenteris and  Katerina Thanou won a two-day reprieve at the Athens Olympics  Monday so they could appear in person at a disciplinary hearing  into their missed drugs tests and protest their innocence.	1
Sony May Open Stores, Worrying Retailers (AP) AP - Few people took notice when Sony Electronics Inc. opened a tiny storefront last year here at South Coast Plaza, a swanky mall south of Los Angeles.	3
Where to Dump Your Dead Technology Office Depot teams with HP to recycle your old electronics gear for free.	3
Nortel delays release of financial results Blaming the complexity of the task, Nortel Networks Corp. is delaying the release of long-awaited financial results by another month, to late October, and may seek another delay of its annual meeting.	2
Iraq's Top Cleric Arrives in Najaf NAJAF, Iraq - Iraq's top Shiite cleric made a dramatic return to Najaf at the head of a massive convoy Thursday hoping to end three weeks of fighting in the holy city, but hours earlier a mortar barrage slammed into a mosque filled with Iraqis preparing to join his march, killing 27 people.    Along with the mortar attack, another group of thousands of marchers heading into Najaf from its sister-city Kufa came under fire from an Iraqi National Guard base...	0
Cricket: Ponting gives thumbs up Australia captain Ricky Ponting, recovering from a broken thumb, is confident he can improve his poor record in India and help his team win the test series.	1
Action Update: Nov. 22 - Dec. 5, 2004 US Gen. Peter Pace, vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, visited Kabul on Nov. 22 and reiterated that the United States will continue to search for al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden.	0
Iraq body does not resemble Japanese hostage: hospital (AFP) AFP - The body of an Asian man found in Iraq does not resemble a Japanese hostage and was shot dead two days ago, well before a deadline to execute the young traveller expired, forensic experts said.	0
Magic #39;s Garrity activated from injured list Oakland, CA (Sports Network) - The Orlando Magic activated forward Pat Garrity from the injured list on Friday and placed forward Brandon Hunter on the IL with a hyperextended right elbow.	1
For Arafat, Oslo Remained Symbol of Hope (AP) AP - Norway's capital could not have been further removed from the chaos and bloodshed of the Middle East. Yet it was as a result of top-secret meetings here that two veteran warriors decided it was time to talk peace.	0
Microsoft to Share Office Software Code  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. said on Sunday that it  would share the underlying software code for its Office program  as part of its efforts to make governments more confident in  the security and compatibility of the world's largest software  maker's products.	3
Apple recalls 28,000 PowerBook batteries Apple Computer Inc. Thursday morning launched a voluntary worldwide 15-inch PowerBook G4 battery exchange program to deal with 28,000 potentially faulty units.	3
Que wins inaugural Vietnam Masters Angelo Que of the Philippines carded a final-round 70 on Sunday to capture a two-stroke win in the inaugural Vietnam Masters golf tournament.	1
U.S. Army Soldier in New Round of Hearings (AP) AP - A U.S. Army tank company commander accused of murdering a man in Iraq went before a military court Wednesday for a fresh round of hearings to determine whether he should be court-martialed.	0
The week in iPod Apple is the undisputed champion of the hard-drive music market, but competitors are gearing up for a shot at the title.	3
Quick action urged on LAX #39;s security fixes RAND report examines attack scenarios. One suggestion is eliminating long ticket lines in terminal lobbies. By Ian Gregor and David Zahniser.	2
Judge Strikes Down Campaign Finance Rules WASHINGTON Sept. 20, 2004 - A judge has struck down several government rules on campaign fund raising, ordering tougher restrictions on big political money in the long term while creating uncertainty about 	2
Eagles #39;  quot;big quot; plays difference in win The Lions and Eagles entered Sunday #39;s game at Ford Field in the same place -- atop their respective divisions -- and with identical 2-0 records.	1
Iraq aid worker feared dead BRITISH-Iraqi aid worker Margaret Hassan is believed dead after a video surfaced showing a blind-folded woman being shot. Hassan, kidnapped last month in Baghdad, was said by her 	0
What we learned Auburn: Every team worth its shoulder pads strives for offensive balance, and the Tigers have the potential to be one heck of a balanced team.	1
Major Water Main Break Floods Street Oct. 27 (BCN) - Fremont Boulevard was reopened at approximately 4:30 am after a water main break flooded an estimated ten million gallons of water over Fremont #39;s Centerville District Tuesday night, according to the Alameda County Water District.	2
UF coaches coming, going During a day of new beginnings, Florida and its fired coach will each launch the start of fresh chapters today. In the same afternoon, Utah Coach Urban Meyer will meet his 	1
Cisco routers get an upgrade com September 12, 2004, 9:00 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.	3
UK challenge of India outsourcing The High Street bank could be facing legal action over the transfer sensitive customer data overseas to call centres in India.	2
The Hangover Effect Under Irish head coach Tyrone Willingham, Notre Dame has struggled to shake off the effects of a loss in the previous game. The good news is that the Irish head into this week off of a win.	1
Profiling Technology Speeds Up Fast Food A Pittsburgh start-up, HyperActive Technologies Inc., is testing technology at area fast-food restaurants designed to give kitchen workers a good indication of what customers want before the hungry souls even get close enough to place an order. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	3
EarthLink offers VoIP service (MacCentral) MacCentral - Internet service provider (ISP) EarthLink Inc. on Tuesday announced the launch of EarthLink Free Online Calling, a Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) service that enables their Mac and PC to make calls over the Internet free of charge. Based on Session Initiation Protocol (SIP), the service works with a Mac or PC equipped with a headset or an Analog Telephone Adapter (ATA). Users can make unlimited calls to other SIP users, and can also listen to voicemail via e-mail. The service also offers an online calling log and online account management. ...	3
Verizon: Wait for dial tone, punch in number, rock out Verizon Wireless service lets users treat people who call them to music rather than the sound of a ringing phone.	3
Fed #39;s Bies Says US Growth Solid, #39; Oil Not Fanning Inflation The Federal Reserve can raise interest raise at a measured pace because US economic growth is solid #39; #39; and rising energy costs haven #39;t yet sparked concern about a broader acceleration of inflation, Fed Governor Susan Bies said.	2
Arizona's Johnson Becomes All-Time Lefty Strikeout King  PHOENIX (Sports Network) - Randy Johnson became the  all-time major league strikeout leader among left-handed  pitchers on a night he led the Arizona Diamondbacks to a 3-2  win over the Colorado Rockies in the third of a four- game set  at Bank One Ballpark.	1
Study Links Mobile Phones, Benign Tumors A new Swedish study suggests that people who use a mobile phone for at least 10 years might increase their risk of developing a rare benign tumor along a nerve on the side of the head where they hold the phone.	3
Telstra announces \$750m share buy back Telstra Corp has announced a \$750 million off-market share buy-back as part of its capital management program. Telstra expects to return \$1.	2
Irrepressible Monty Again Flourishes in Cup Arena  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Britain's Colin  Montgomerie has always played like a man possessed in Ryder Cup  matches against the United States.	1
Elan Corp. Shares Jump Ireland #39;s major pharmaceutical firm, Elan Corp. PLC, said Tuesday it plans to pay US\$55 million (euro43 million) to resolve a US class-action lawsuit and a related investigation by American federal regulators into alleged accounting malpractice.	2
Agassi Moves Into Legg Mason Quarters (AP) AP - Andre Agassi breezed into the quarterfinals of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic with a 6-4, 6-2 victory over Kristian Pless on Thursday night.	1
What Does the Future Hold for Flat TVs? Seiko Epson will commercialize OLED TVs by 2007, the company says.	3
GOP Want Bush to Turn Attention From Iraq NEW YORK - Nervous Republicans are urging President Bush to unveil a robust second-term agenda at his convention next week to shift voters' focus from the unpopular war in Iraq and other issues that are a distraction to his re-election drive. Some contend the party should ditch the GOP-fueled controversy over rival John Kerry's combat record in Vietnam...	0
Colgate-Palmolive to Cut 4,000 Jobs Description: Colgate-Palmolive says it will cut more than 4,000 jobs and close a third of its factories worldwide. The company plans to use the savings for advertising and new product development.	2
Martha Stewart assigned to West Virginia prison Martha Stewart will do her time farther from home than she had hoped, at a remote West Virginia prison where inmates sleep in bunk beds and rise at 6 am to do menial labor for pennies an hour.	2
Timely Iraq Vote a Point of Pride (AP) AP - For an administration that likes to make the trains run on time, the Jan. 30 elections scheduled in Iraq are light at the end of a dark and violent tunnel.	0
Move over iPod, for a touch of Zen  October 11, 2004. Apple Computer #39;s iPod remains the king of digital music players, but robust pretenders to the throne have begun to emerge in the Windows universe.	3
Idle UNH still moves up Things seem to be going New Hampshire's way. The Wildcats had a bye week and still moved up two places to No. 7 in the Sports Network Division 1-AA football poll.	1
China Typhoon Death Toll Rises to 164 (Reuters) Reuters - The worst typhoon to hit China in seven\years killed at least 164 people and another 24 were listed as\missing, Xinhua news agency said on Tuesday.	0
VC Firm Joins Open Source Development Labs (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Voyager Capital, a Pacific Northwest I.T. venture firm, has joined the Open Source Development Labs (OSDL), an Oregon-based organization dedicated to boosting the growth and adoption of Linux in enterprises.	3
Philadelphia 76ers centre Todd MacCulloch of Winnipeg retires PHILADELPHIA (CP) - Todd MacCulloch always knew his career would end. The Winnipeg native just never expected it to come to such a sudden and mysterious stop.	1
Brown has no room for giveaways The Chancellor has faced bad news on government tax revenues and borrowing so far this year - too little tax revenue, too much borrowing.	2
HP rakes in .Net dough Company has brought in hundreds of millions of dollars in consulting revenue related to Microsoft's .Net software in the past two years.	3
Srichaphan sets up Federer semi Thailand #39;s Paradorn Srichaphan on Friday lined up a semifinal clash with world number one Roger Federer as he handed out a 6-2, 7-5 defeat to Dutchman Dennis van Scheppingen at the Thailand Open.	1
Bush, Kerry Vow to Destroy Bin Laden After Tape (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush and his Democratic\White House rival John Kerry united on Friday in a promise to\hunt down Osama bin Laden after the al Qaeda leader released a\new videotape threatening fresh attacks on the United States.	0
Ecstasy link to Europe gang war THREE massive seizures of ecstasy over the past six months, including a record 820kg bust on Saturday, could stem from a war among European organised criminals trying to carve out a market in Australia.	0
Exabyte slashes media costs &lt;strong&gt;Storage Expo&lt;/strong&gt; Hopes to cut losses through cheaper tapes	3
Tigers drop fifth straight When Tigers manager Alan Trammell described his bullpen #39;s recent struggles on Friday, he compared it to an offense being in a slump.	1
Condoms, Parades Mark AIDS Day; China Gets Tough  BEIJING (Reuters) - The world's two most populous nations  promised Wednesday to eradicate ignorance about AIDS, a disease  that was at first dismissed by many as a Western evil confined  to drug users, homosexuals and prostitutes.	0
Lubick challenges team in Holland #39;s absence Fort Collins - Colorado State coach Sonny Lubick takes it back. He didn #39;t mean to say in the preseason quarterback Justin Holland was the one player the Rams could not do without.	1
Keeping Love Connections Open When choosing a mate, we often look for financial, moral, physical and emotional compatibility. Add one more characteristic to the list: connectivity. Commentary by Regina Lynn.	3
OPEC elects Sheikh Ahmad al-Sabah as a President, increase oil &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OPEC has extended a message to calm down to the oil consuming countries following an agreement by its countries in Vienna to increase the ceiling of oil production by 4, which means an increase of one million barrels a day, in the hope to reduce prices.	2
Boston Highway Project Said Full of Leaks BOSTON - The Big Dig - Boston #39;s newly opened \$14.6 billion highway tunnel project - has a seriously flawed wall that contractors knew about as early as 1999, and is riddled with hundreds of smaller leaks, consultants reported in another embarrassment for 	2
Fossil fuels to remain dominant: IEA The International Energy Agency has said fossil fuels will retain their overwhelming domination of the world #39;s energy market until 2030 unless governments urgently switch to clean sources.	2
Militants reportedly promise to free kidnapped Western journalist Garen BAGHDAD, Iraq (AP) A top aide to firebrand Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, who appealed to kidnappers to free a Western journalist, said Friday they had promised to release him. 	0
Undaunted PeopleSoft rolls out business apps Although the threat of Oracles hostile takeover continues to cast a shadow over it, PeopleSoft is pressing on with plans to integrate into its product mix the enterprise applications it picked up last year in its acquisition of J.D. Edwards.	3
Protests Powered by Cellphone A text-messaging service is put into action to choreograph fast-moving political protests.	3
Sony debuts HD handycam SONY has released the worlds first high definition handycam for the consumer market - the HDR-FX1. The device, which will be available locally and in the region from mid-November, at an estimated \$US4500 	3
Rumsfeld doubts Saddam Laden link Donald Rumsfeld queries whether there were ever ties between Saddam Hussein and Osama Bin Laden.	0
Iraq clashes kill 40, handover talks stall US tanks rumbled to within 800 metres of a holy shrine in the Iraqi city of Najaf today as fierce clashes with Shiite rebels in a nearby town killed at least 40 Iraqis, officials said.	0
Torch goes out The Olympics closed with praise for the athletes and relief that the event was safe from terrorism. BY RICK MAESE / ORLANDO SENTINEL.	1
Take-Two Sets Funk, Rap Soundtrack for San Andreas (Reuters) Reuters - Video game publisher Take-Two\Interactive Software Inc. and Interscope Records on Tuesday set\a Dec. 7 release for an eight-CD soundtrack to "Grand Theft\Auto: San Andreas," Take-Two's blockbuster criminal adventure\game.	3
'House flipping' said to cheat minorities ALBANY, N.Y. -- A four-bedroom, 1-bath colonial for only a \$450 monthly mortgage payment? How can you go wrong? Lots of ways. Fair housing advocates say the first-time buyer of that \$85,000 Syracuse, N.Y., home lost out in one of the many forms of  quot;house flipping, quot; or the fast resale of property at high profits.	2
Japan #39;s Women Wrestlers Win 2 Golds; Medal Count Sets Record Japan #39;s women wrestlers added four medals, including two golds, to lead the country to a record Olympic performance and be within one gold medal of its biggest haul of championships.	1
US tops Slovakia, 3-1 It #39;s pretty rare that a first-ballot Hall of Famer, the third-leading goal-scorer in NHL history, gets benched. But the United States had opened the World Cup of 	1
Microsoft hopeful of settlement in EU case The California-based group has challenged the European Commissions finding from March that Microsoft abused its dominance of PC operating systems, but its top counsel said negotiations remained the preferred course.	2
Palestinian killed, 35 houses razed in Gaza GAZA CITY: The Israeli army killed one Palestinian in an air raid and demolished at least 35 houses in the Gaza Strip on Saturday as Israel shut down for Judaisms most solemn day of Yom Kippur.	0
IBM chalks up two health care wins The deals with a university medical center and a California health care provider come two weeks after a win with the Mayo Clinic.	3
Probe questions account given by British former home secretary in visa row (AFP) AFP - An official inquiry will show that former British home secretary David Blunkett originally gave a misleading account in the case of a visa application for his former lover's nanny, a newspaper said.	0
S amp;P frowns on Telecom Italia debt (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The company plans to spend  #36;27 billion to buy the 44 of Telecom Italia Mobile it does not already own.	3
Liverpool play out frustrating draw Liverpool and Deportivo Coruna produced a lively match but no goals, drawing 0-0 in Champions League Group A at Anfield on Tuesday.	1
Microsoft, Cisco Partner On Network-Access Security The vendors will collaborate on their approaches to PC quarantines, but Microsoft #39;s Network Access Protection gets delayed by more than a year.	2
Miller gives new-look Ireland fringe benefits We can forgive Ireland that they didn #39;t surpass the 70 points England scored against Canada, or the century Scotland put past Japan last week.	1
Brief: Job cuts in tech sector soar, report says The U.S. high-tech sector suffered another major round of layoffs during the third quarter, with computer firms being the most aggressive at cutting jobs, according to outplacement firm Challenger, Gray   Christmas.	3
Survey: People often give out sensitive details LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- Consumers are doing a better job of guarding against identity thieves, yet most still give out too many personal details, making themselves vulnerable to becoming one of the millions of victims each year, according to a survey 	3
Air Force Footballer Acquitted of Steroids (AP) AP - For the second time in less than a month, an Air Force Academy football player has been cleared of taking illegal steroids after insisting on the stand that he believed the drugs were simply supplements.	1
Roddick vs. Federer in Thailand Open final Roger Federer and Andy Roddick pulled out three-set victories Saturday to set up a No. 1 vs. No. 2 final at the Thailand Open. Top-ranked Federer got past Thai star Paradorn Srichaphan 7-5, 2-6, 6-3 in the 	1
What triggers nicotine dependency? Revealing study Nicotine is a major addictive component in cigarettes, scientists said. However, how chemical dependency results from nicotine #39;s interaction with brain cells still largely stumps the experts.	3
Burma military officers 'jailed' Three senior intelligence officers are reportedly jailed in further fallout from an apparent high-level power struggle.	0
iMac G5 in pictures The new iMac, as seen in these photos taken at the San Francisco Apple Store, places the computer's innards behind a 17-inch or 20-inch flat-panel monitor.	3
River Hawks beat the clock, Pace Tammy Haulcy drilled a 3-pointer at the buzzer, lifting UMass-Lowell to a 68-65 victory over Pace last night at Costello Gym in the River Hawks' Northeast-10 Conference opener. UMass-Lowell (2-0) sank eight 3-pointers in all, including four by Mariette Guillaume, who was one of three River Hawks in double figures. Sacha Simms led the way with 15 points, and Enjoli ...	1
End the steroid guilt by (players) association You know who you are. The ones who choose the right path. The ones who perform at a competitive disadvantage. The ones who refuse to alter your bodies with performance-enhancing drugs.	1
Iranian president calls for dialogue between Muslim world and the West (AFP) AFP - Iranian President Mohammad Khatami called on the Muslim world and the West to stop blaming each other and start a dialogue between their two different cultures.	0
Dell green-lights photo printers PC maker expanding printer business with new photo printers. Digital cameras also a possibility.	3
Astonomers finger culprit in 1572 supernova An international team of astronomers has identified the surviving companion star to the 1572 supernova explosion witnessed by the Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe.	3
Enjoy it while you have it, Red Sox Nation It looks like the Ghost of the Babe can now sleep forever. Last night the Boston Red Sox fully exorcized The Curse of the Bambino.	1
Private pension firms find Asia a draw, with risks Insurers and fund managers are set to cash in on Asia #39;s private pension industry, which is expected to grow nearly four-fold in 10 years as the world #39;s most populous region grows older.	2
The conflict without Arafat The imminent passing of Yasser Arafat will mark the beginning of a new era in the Arab-Israeli conflict. For a century, Palestinian national politics has been dominated by two men: Hajj Amin al-Husseini led 	0
Mickelson Back on Course After Benching (AP) AP - Phil Mickelson spent a sleepless night, not that it really mattered since he had plenty of time to rest up Saturday at the Ryder Cup. The best player in the majors this year, a chastised Mickelson sat out the morning four-ball matches mostly because U.S. captain Hal Sutton dared not risk giving away any more points.	1
UAL plans non-union pay cuts SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- UAL Corp, parent of United Airlines, said late Monday it will cut pay of salaried workers and management beginning Jan. 1 as part of its goal to emerge from bankruptcy.	2
Virgin and BA battle on discordantly Holidaymakers descending on Australia could see fares fall by as much as 30, as Virgin Atlantic and British Airways (BA) prepare for a discordant battle regarding routes to Australia.	2
Russia welcomes foreign bids for assets of embattled Yukos oil giant (AFP) AFP - Russia said it would welcome Indian and other companies bidding for the assets of Russian oil giant Yukos, the country's biggest oil exporter, due to be sold off later this month.	0
Swift Observatory Launched IndigoSkies writes  quot;NASA today successfully launched the Swift Observatory into Earth orbit for an intense two year study of GRBs (gamma-ray bursts) to determine whether there is a connection between them and the evolution of black holes.	3
IPod Speaker Sets Get a Hearing Compact speakers for personal music players have been around since the original Walkman. Now that mini-hard drive music machines can hold your entire collection, the product category is back with a vengeance.	3
Coral grows as climate warms, study Rising sea temperatures will boost coral growth, according to Australian research that flies in the face of predictions that climate change could spell death for the world #39;s coral reefs.	3
Q amp;A: Terry Labonte and friends. Terry Labonte announced his plan for retirement during a special media breakfast at Hendrick Motorsports on Tuesday. Hosted by Fox #39;s Mike Joy, featured guest speakers included NASCAR #39;s Mike Helton, Team Owner 	1
I couldn #39;t stop Woodgate - Newcastle boss Robson Newcastle United boss Sir Bobby Robson admits he is stunned at the speed of Jon Woodgate #39;s move to Real Madrid. 	1
Thierry will put Zidane in shade Arsene Wenger today tipped Thierry Henry to overtake Zinedine Zidane as the world #39;s greatest footballer. With FIFA due to announce the shortlist for the world player of 	1
Job Cuts Rise Further in Nov. - Report Planned job cuts at US firms climbed during November, a report said on Tuesday, in a further sign of sluggishness in the labor market.	2
Chelsea pair reveal Mutu backing Chelsea striker Mateja Kezman and club keeper Petr Cech have come out in support of team-mate Adrian Mutu.  quot;It was a shock for all of us, quot; said Kezman about Mutu failing a drug test.	1
Muslim suspect in filmmaker #39;s death part of scary European trend AMSTERDAM, Netherlands - Two years before he allegedly killed a Dutch filmmaker in the name of radical Islam, Mohammed Bouyeri volunteered at his local community center and was a promising member of the second generation of Moroccan immigrants to the 	0
Oil Inches Towards the 55 Dollar Milestone Crude oil futures inched toward the 55 dollar milestone today, a day after US officials announced a decline in their countrys inventory of heating oil, heating a market already on edge over tight supplies, high demand and unrest in key producers.	2
NASA sending hammer to space You can learn something about a rock by looking at it. But what most geologists really want is to smack it with a hammer. And that #39;s just what planetary scientists will do July 4 when NASA #39;s Deep Impact mission 	3
NASA Hedges Bets on Hubble The space agency taps Lockheed Martin and MD Robotics to build robotic technology it may use to repair the ailing Hubble Space Telescope. By Amit Asaravala.	3
Prince Charles Tries to Undo Memo's Damage (AP) AP - The tempest over Prince Charles' views on upward mobility was all a misunderstanding, the heir to the throne said Monday, insisting he had not said that people should "know their place"  #151; and by implication, trim their ambitions to match their social rank.	0
Microsoft slowly rolling on Service Pack 2 updates Microsoft is starting to ramp up distribution of its massive security update for the Windows XP operating system. But analysts say they still expect the company to move at a relatively slow pace to avoid widespread glitches.	3
Swiffer Sweep-Vac Recalled The company that makes a popular battery operated vacuum cleaner has announced a voluntary recall of the product. Procter and Gamble says their Sweep-Vac by Swiffer could overheat and possibly catch fire.	2
Gutierrez brought new flavor to cereal company Carlos Gutierrez #39;s life story is the kind that President Bush admires: The son of a Cuban political refugee, he worked his way from delivering Frosted Flakes in the toughest 	2
Riders Segway Through the Zoo Fans of the Segway -- the gyroscopically controlled scooter that has been banned on many sidewalks -- are taking solace in the company of other enthusiasts. In San Francisco, this extends to the animal kingdom, as Segway users commandeer a zoo. By Rachel Metz.	3
EDS offers early retirement to U.S. staffers MIAMI - Electronic Data Systems Corp. (EDS) offered voluntary early retirement options to about 9,200, or 17 percent, of its U.S. employees, as part of its ongoing efforts to reduce costs, the company said Tuesday.	3
From road rage to fan rage, civility takes a beating When professional athletes start slugging fans, severe penalties pretty much are a no-brainer. So few tears will be shed for the nine basketball players suspended - at the cost of millions in salary -fter 	1
Microsoft extends Overture ad contract Yahoo #39;s Overture Services division has extended its deal to provide ad placement technology to Microsoft Web portal MSN.com, the companies said Thursday.	3
Manufacturing Activity Up for 15th Month Manufacturing activity rose in August for the 15th consecutive month, but at a slower rate than reported in July, according to a monthly report released Wednesday by the Institute for Supply Management, a research group.	2
Baseball drug taker dies Ken Caminiti, a former National Baseball League most valuable player who in 2002 admitted he used steroids, has died in New York at the age of 41.	1
W3C publishes Web architecture The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) this week published a final version of its Architecture of the World Wide Web, Volume 1 document, looking to set forth codified principles for the Web itself.	3
Feds Want Baker Hughes' Iraqi Oil Info  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil services company Baker Hughes Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BHI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BHI.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday said U.S. market regulators have demanded  information on its involvement in a now defunct Iraqi  oil-for-food program, joining a growing list of companies under  scrutiny for their role in the program.	2
Pit Stop on the Cocaine Highway Traffickers prefer Guatemala, where the radar is spotty and the government is largely unable to stop the flights carrying U.S. bound drugs.	0
Jones sues BALCO founder, denies steroid use Olympic athletics champion Marion Jones filed a defamation lawsuit yesterday against BALCO head Victor Conte, who told a US television audience that he gave her steroids and watched her inject herself with them.	1
Profit climbs at Talbots womenswear chain, helped by tax gain HINGHAM, Mass. (AP) - Talbots Inc. said Wednesday its profit for the latest quarter edged up five per cent, boosted by higher sales and an income-tax gain. 	2
Bush Keeps Card As Chief of Staff (AP) AP - Beginning to put his team in place for his second term, President Bush decided to keep Andy Card as White House chief of staff, retaining an unflappable veteran of the Reagan and first Bush presidencies.	0
David celebrates 500th birthday \The 500th aniversary of the unveiling of Michelangelo's David is celebrated in Florence.	0
Lion Nathan #39;s \$200m sell-off triumph Australia #39;s second-largest brewer yesterday announced an agreement to sell its three Yangtze River Delta breweries to an SABMiller-China Resources Enterprises joint venture for \$219 million.	2
Strategy guides are as hot as video games (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Video games are so popular that even books about them are selling well. Hint-filled strategy guides now can sell more than 1 million copies, and long-awaited games are being given the kind of "making of" treatment typically bestowed on blockbuster movies.	3
Aston Villa charged over Beattie approach Aston Villa have been charged with allegedly making an illegal approach for Southampton striker James Beattie. The Premier League said on Tuesday the charge relates to comments made by Aston 	1
Motorola to Build Cell Phones Into Ski Jackets (Reuters) Reuters - Motorola Inc.  said it will\unveil plans this week for a line of outerwear that uses\interactive cell phone and portable music technology in\snowboarding jackets, in a bid to win over twentysomethings.	3
AL Wrap: Silva Stifles White Sox as Twins Win Again  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Carlos Silva tossed a one-hitter  before leaving the game with a bruised ankle as the Minnesota  Twins won their eighth straight game, downing the Chicago White  Sox 6-1 on Wednesday.	1
Gateway: hang onto your hard drive New service plan lets customers keep old drives after replacement to protect data.	3
Nextel, Sprint in advanced merger talks Nextel is reportedly in advanced merger talks with Sprint, a deal that would form the third largest US cell phone company. However, there were indications a third player, Verizon Wireless, might make a run 	2
ABN Amro warns of lower op. profit on US mortgage mkt LONDON (CBS.MW) -- ABN Amro (ABN) (NL:30110) warned 2004 operating profits will fall, hit by aa greater than expected hit from its US mortgage business.	2
Cox Wins 2,000 Games as Braves Beat Mets Bobby Cox became just the ninth manager in to win 2,000 games when the Atlanta Braves scored four runs in the seventh inning and beat the Mets on Wednesday.	1
Real Madrid Faces Champions League Decider in Empty Stadium Real Madrid #39;s all-star soccer team will play its sixth and final Champions League group game in an empty Rome stadium next month facing the prospect of first-round elimination for the first time in eight seasons.	1
New heavyweight record set Las Vegas - Vitali Klitschko #39;s fight with Danny Williams on Saturday will be the biggest heavyweight clash ever - at least in the ring.	1
iPod: How Long Will It Reign? You don #39;t have to look around for long to see that Apple #39;s (AAPL ; S amp;P investment rank, 3 STARS, hold; recent price, \$67.21) iPod digital music player has made waves in pop culture.	3
Peninsula Grill serves up toasty grilled cheese sandwich, no &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; There #39;s a Florida woman who is auctioning off a 10-year-old grilled cheese sandwich on eBay this week that, she thinks, bears the image of the Virgin Mary.	3
Sudanese refugees demonstrate outside UN meeting in Nairobi NAIROBI, Nov 18 (AFP) -- A few dozen southern Sudanese refugees demonstrated outside the United Nations offices in Nairobi on Thursday as the Security Council held a rare meeting to deliberate on peace in the vast African country.	0
Parallel Processing: Coming to a PC Near You Intel exec offers few details about dual-core chips as he talks up new technologies.	3
Chargers Pass by Jaguars 34-21 (AP) AP - The San Diego Chargers looked sharp  #151; and played the same way. Wearing their powder-blue throwback jerseys and white helmets from the 1960s, the Chargers did almost everything right in beating the Jacksonville Jaguars 34-21 on Sunday.	1
United prepare for a flood London - Here #39;s the good news for Manchester City: Manchester United will be without lethal striker Ruud van Nistelrooy for this weekend #39;s crosstown derby at Old Trafford.	1
Sudan Faces EU Sanctions Over Darfur Violence  BRUSSELS/KHARTOUM, Sudan (Reuters) - The European Union was  to threaten sanctions Monday against Sudan's government for  failing to stop "massive and severe" human rights abuses by  Arab militia against African villagers in Darfur.	0
MCI Reports \$3.4 Billion Loss MCI Inc. (MCIP.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday reported a \$3.4 billion third-quarter loss as it wrote down the value of its assets due to a withering price war for long-distance telephone service.	2
Beckham seals victory over Wales David Beckham's spectacular strike seals a comfortable 2-0 victory for England at Old Trafford.	0
Astronomers give Milky Way an age A team working with the Very Large Telescope (VLT) in Chile report that our galaxy is 13,600 million years old, give or take 800 million years. 	3
Afghan forces arrest 15 Taliban fighters Afghan security forces backed by US helicopter gunships stormed a Taliban safe house, killing one man and capturing 15 others, in an attempt to curb attacks ahead of this weeks presidential election, officials said on Sunday.	0
Huygens Probe Test Successful European Space Agency -- ESAs Huygens probe, now orbiting Saturn on board the NASA/ESA/ASI Cassini spacecraft, is in good health and successfully passed its fifteenth In-Flight Checkout on 14 September 2004.     This in-flight checkout procedure was the last but one planned before separation of the Huygens probe from Cassini in December this year, and it included some specific activities that were intended to prepare for the separation...	3
Microsoft Issues Patch; E-Mail ID Plan Rejected (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  released on\Tuesday a patch for its latest "critical" rated security flaw\affecting its Windows, Office and developer tools software\programs.	3
Firefox browser takes on Microsoft Microsoft's popular Internet Explorer has a serious rival in the Firefox browser.	3
EU Drafts UN Nuclear Resolution on Iran-Diplomats  VIENNA (Reuters) - France, Britain and Germany are drafting  a resolution on Iran for a key meeting of the U.N. nuclear  watchdog next week and Washington is pushing the trio to  include some tough language, diplomats said on Thursday.	0
NEC strikes blow in supercomputer battle The battle for supercomputing supremacy took a new twist on Tuesday when Japanese manufacturer NEC launched a new generation of computational building blocks that could be laced together to form the most powerful supercomputer in the world.	3
Arnesen dismisses reports of a rift with French coach Santini Tottenham sporting director Frank Arnesen denied reports Saturday that Jacques Santini quit as manager because of a dispute over how the club was being run.	1
Best Buy Co. Retail President Steps Down (AP) AP - Best Buy Co. has lost another executive closely involved with its effort to focus on its most profitable customers.	2
Chile #39;s Supreme Court lifts Pinochet #39;s immunity from prosecution SANTIAGO : Chile #39;s Supreme Court lifted the immunity from prosecution of former dictator Augusto Pinochet, who faces criminal charges over the disappearance of political opponents during Operation Condor.	0
Allenby predicts Masters surge Defending champion Robert Allenby is confident of quickly bridging the gap between himself and tournament leader Bradley Hughes in today #39;s third round of the Australian Masters at Huntingdale in Melbourne.	1
WMC turns down Xstrata takeover bid MELBOURNE (Reuters) - Oct 28 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Australian copper and nickel miner WMC Resources Ltd. said on Thursday it has turned down aA\$7.4 billion (\$5.5 billion) cash takeover offer from Swiss-based Xstrata, but would consider higher bids from the company.	2
Asia-Pacific leaders close summit Santiago (VNA) - The two-day summit meeting of the Asian-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum closed in Chile on Sunday, declaring their concerted efforts to ensure sustainable growth, trade and security.	0
Hitachi launches next-generation USP Barcelona  ITWeb, 8 September 2004 - In a global launch, Hitachi Data Systems (HDS) has announced its new universal storage platform (USP), TagmaStore, which the company says features technologies previously not available in enterprise storage systems.	3
Cisco, IBM Team Up on Security IBM #39;s Tivoli Security Compliance Manager scans devices that plug into the network, such as laptops and home computers that may have been unprotected by network security.	3
Music Industry Is Trying Out New Releases as Digital Only Universal has signed a handful of artists to a digital-only record label. Starting Tuesday, it will release songs through online services like iTunes.	0
Capello scolds Juve, Mancini takes hope Juventus coach Fabio Capello scolded his side for easing off and allowing rivals Inter Milan two late goals which gave them a 2-2 draw at the San Siro on Sunday.	1
Rossi admits surprise at title Newly-crowned world MotoGP champion Valentino Rossi has admitted his surprise at winning the title in his first year with new team Yamaha.	1
Sirius Names Mel Karmazin as Its CEO In the latest coup for the fledgling satellite radio industry, Sirius Satellite Radio Inc. on Thursday named former Viacom Inc. President Mel Karmazin as its chief executive officer.	2
Briton may have paid a fatal price for his passion for the Middle &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; When neighbours of Kenneth Bigley urged him to leave Baghdad amid growing fears for his safety, he would shrug off their concerns and say:  quot;I #39;m not afraid.	0
Digital Gear: Entertaining Gadgets Slick CDs and portable DVD support, plus digicam choices and new security options.	3
Arsenal not positive enough - Wenger Arsenal couldn #39;t hold a 1-0 lead in Norway as they drew 1-1 at Rosenborg last night. Freddie Ljungberg had the Gunners 1-0 ahead in the first-half, but that was cancelled out after the break after a superb effort from RBK #39;s Roar Strand.	1
Electronic Back-Seat Driver System to Be Tested  Australian scientists have invented an electronic driver's  assistant system, similar to the back-seat driver who forever  points out road signs and warns against speeding.	3
Half-Life 2 In Stores Now November 16, 2004 - VU Games sends word that Half-Life 2 is now officially in stores: Why is the first minute of Tuesday, November 16th so newsworthy?	3
New Airbus craft to heat up rivalry The announcement of its new mid-sized plane will heat up rivalry between Airbus and Boeing. The board of EADS, parent company of Airbus, is on Monday expected to approve plans for the long-awaited, \$4bn-launch of a new mid-sized aircraft, the A350.	2
C amp;W to sell Japanese arm to Softbank Cable  amp; Wireless has agreed to sell its Japanese unit to Softbank for 72.4 million pounds. The deal, under which the Japanese Internet communications company will assume debt worth 9.5 million 	2
Study: Managers misuse tech to control workers Managers with outdated notions are misusing technology to monitor and micromanage employees, according to a new study by the London School of Economics.	3
Enron to pay \$321 million in pensions Enron Corp. (ENRNQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) will pay \$321 million from the proceeds of its sale of its pipeline arm to fund pension plans for thousands of former 	2
Haiti Policeman Killed in Street-Clearing Raid Haitian police and UN troops moved into a slum neighborhood on Sunday and cleared street barricades that paralyzed a part of the capital.	0
Australian PM says no regrets over SMS statement after Jakarta &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SYDNEY, Australia (AFP): Australian Prime Minister John Howard said on Monday he did not regret a releasing details of an SMS that reportedly warned of an attack minutes before his country #39;s Jakarta embassy was bombed last week.	0
Dollar Fall Gathers Momentum  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar fell to an eight-month low  against the euro on Thursday, also setting multi-month lows  versus the yen, sterling and the Swiss franc amid worries the  U.S. economy was not growing enough to support its currency.	2
Oprah #39;s auto giveaway fuels Web spike com September 17, 2004, 9:32 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.	3
Fujitsu Siemens profit rose 60 in first half BERLIN Fujitsu Siemens Computers, the No.3 seller of PCs in Europe, said Wednesday that revenue and profit surged in the six months through September as sales to small businesses increased amid a revival in corporate technology spending.	3
Singh Floundering in Pursuit of 10th Win (AP) AP - It appears that Vijay Singh will have to be content with nine wins this year. The world's No. 1 player had another nondescript day at East Lake, shooting an even-par 70 that left him 11 strokes behind co-leaders Tiger Woods and Jay Haas heading into Sunday's final round of the Tour Championship.	1
Oil, Astra Lead European Stocks Down  PARIS (Reuters) - European shares retreated on Wednesday as  AstraZeneca's business update disappointed investors and on  nagging concerns that soaring oil prices will hurt the quality  of future earnings.	2
SE Asian Nations Seek Free Trade Zone with Rising China The deal signed at the annual Association of South East Nations (Asean) summit in Laos commits most of the countries to lower tariffs on goods by 2010, with an extension to 2015 for four 	0
Microsoft to double ad revenue: CEO Will double its advertising revenue in five years as it ramps up its search services to rival Web search leader Google Inc. BELLEVUE: Microsoft Corp.	3
NFL games on TV ST. LOUIS (2-2) vs. SEATTLE (3-0) When, where: Sunday, 4 p.m., at Seattle. TV: Ch. 25. Last season: Seattle won, 24-23, and St. Louis won, 27-22. Comments: The Seahawks are going for the first 4-0 start in franchise history. They lead the league in defense (242.3 ypg), having yielded only 13 points so far this season. They also lead in ...	1
Airline Shares Up on Oil Pricing Optimism Airline stocks moved slightly higher Tuesday on hopes fuel costs might become more manageable after the head of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries said crude oil prices would likely retreat in the next few months.	2
Does Your Car Have a Spy in the Engine? An event data recorder is the automotive equivalent of the black boxes used to reconstruct plane crashes.	3
Ore., Ariz. Prolific Passers Square Off (AP) AP - Derek Anderson and Andrew Walter have combined to throw for just under 10 miles in their careers.	1
Longhorn #39;s loss may be some users #39; gain Microsoft Corp. #39;s retreat from its Longhorn ambitions and its decision to add several Longhorn technologies to Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 may rob the next Windows release 	3
Families Urge Militants in Iraq to Spare Hostages Family members of American and British hostages appealed for their lives after militants vowed to kill one of them today.	0
Rumours over Google 'browser' The search giant Google is rumoured to be working on its own web browser.	3
Iranian Leader Rules Out Halt in Uranium Enrichment Iran #39;s supreme leader threatened Wednesday to pull out of negotiations if European countries press their demand for total suspension of uranium enrichment, as a new round 	0
wheat (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - Field trials of genetically modified wheat are still being conducted in Canada by multinational biotech giant Monsanto despite a pledge earlier this year that the testing would be abandoned, critics said Tuesday.	0
Report: Officials search Yukos managers #39; homes Russian authorities have searched the homes of dozens of managers working for the embattled Yukos oil company in what one board member described as a massive campaign reminiscent of the Stalinist purges, a news agency reported Sunday.	2
China to Keep to Stable Yuan Policy-Paper (Reuters) Reuters - China will maintain a stable monetary\and yuan policy as it tries to keep inflation in check, state\media cited a central banker as saying, amid resurgent\speculation Beijing may tinker with the rigidly held currency.	0
Bill Gates to Upgrade Fun In a revelation that should give late-night comedians two or three days #39; worth of snark fodder, the headlines this morning startled us with the news that the world #39;s 	2
IBM claims supercomputing crown IBM said that its Blue Gene/L supercomputer trumps the performance of SGI #39;s recently announced Columbia system installed at NASA by more than 65 percent.	3
All-Girl Gaming Team Takes Aim at Boys (AP) AP - At first glance, Les Seules might look like an all-girl rock band  #151; complete with sassy attitudes and fawning male groupies  #151; but the Swedish septuplet doesn't play instruments. They play competitive video games.	3
Colombia Won't Extradite Top Warlord President Alvaro Uribe pledged Thursday not to extradite the country's top right-wing paramilitary leader to the United States to face drug trafficking charges provided he ceases all illegal activities and stays in peace talks.	0
Some see Cheney's terror remark as 'fear strategy' (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Vice President Cheney was not campaigning Wednesday, but his suggestion a day earlier that electing John Kerry would risk a "devastating" terrorist attack kept agitating the political arena.	0
Sony Pictures TV Forms Venture With Hua Long in China (Update1) Sony Corp. #39;s Sony Pictures Television International unit says it formed a joint venture with China #39;s Hua Long Film Digital Production Co.	2
Moon gas may bail out energy-sapped earth A potential gas source found on the moons surface could hold the key to meeting future energy demands as the earths fossil fuels dry up in the coming decades, scientists said on Friday.	3
INTERVIEW: Australia #39;s ABC Learning On Expansion Path BRISBANE (Dow Jones)--Australian childcare provider ABC Learning Centres Ltd. (ABS.AU) said Thursday it has agreed to buy two rivals in aA\$313 million cash and stock 	2
Souness: I #39;m the boss Graeme Souness has emphasised his determination to show his Newcastle players who is in charge after his spat with Craig Bellamy. The pair clashed on the training ground onTuesday over the Welshman #39;s furious 	1
HK Democrats Demand Partial Election Recount  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong's main pro-democracy party  demanded on Monday a partial recount of the vote in the city's  legislative elections, after officials had failed to announce a  single result eight hours after polls closed.	0
Clock ticks down for French hostages, Iraq government in security &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BAGHDAD : The clock was ticking down for two French hostages whose Islamist abductors have served Paris with an ultimatum to lift a ban on Muslim headscarves in schools, while Iraq #39;s government continued efforts to end the chaos prevailing in the country.	0
-- Innovative Launch Gets Major Music Label Support from Warner &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Telefonica Moviles Espana, the leading operator in the Spanish market, today announced that it has licensed and launched a mobile music solution from Melodeo, a Seattle-based company, that allows Telefonica Moviles Espana to provide secure digital music 	3
GM Europe to Slash 12,000 Jobs by 2006 (AP) AP - General Motors Europe announced Thursday that it plans to cut 12,000 jobs on the continent by the end of 2006 in a plan aimed at saving  #36;617 million per year.	2
This Pill Will Make You Feel Better, but We're Not Sure Why Despite objections from hospitals and the medical profession, doctors are prescribing placebos for all kinds of ailments.	3
Canadian crewman dies after airlift from stranded submarine OTTAWA - An injured crewman who was airlifted from a stranded Canadian submarine off the Irish coast has died, Prime Minister Paul Martin told Parliament.	0
Space O 2 Generator Fails Again Astronauts aboard the International Space Station are again without a working oxygen generator on Monday after a backup component failed over the weekend, said a NASA spokeswoman.	3
Thai PM Says Will Punish 'Wrongdoers' Over Deaths  PATTANI, Thailand (Reuters) - Bomb blasts rocked southern  Thailand on Friday as Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra  promised to get to the bottom of the deaths of 78 Muslims in  military custody and punish any "wrongdoers."	0
Firm fears growth has had its chips ANNUAL growth in global semiconductor sales will probably fall by half in 2005 and memory chip sales growth could collapse as a supply glut saps prices, Samsung Electronics has warned.	2
Dell blade server technology helps Isotrak create infrastructure &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Johannesburg, 22 November 2004 - Isotrak, a leading UK end-to-end logistics solutions provider (2), today announced the successful implementation of Dell PowerEdge blade server technology.	3
Toothache 'made lion eat humans ' Experts believe a sore tooth may have led a Tanzanian lion to go on a human killing spree instead of hunting buffalo.	3
Sentiment Strong in December Consumer attitudes showed more signs of improvement heading into the holidays as an early reading on consumer sentiment in December beat expectations.	2
Heerenveen beats Ajax PSV Eindhoven was leading host ADO The Hague 2-0 Saturday when the Dutch league match was suspended in the 80th minute because of racist chants from the home fans.	1
A primer on office politics, good and bad One doesn't have to get past the first page of this book before corporate consultants and coaches Rick Brandon and Marty Seldman spell out one of the major problems many corporations face today: ''For most people, the words integrity and politics don't mix."	2
Angels stun A #39;s, need one more to clinch In a way, he was the guy who started the whole mess, simply by setting foot on the field. Just following orders, Alfredo Amezaga innocently came on to pinch run Sept.	1
Moore election special is dropped A three-hour election show from film-maker Michael Moore has been dropped by a US cable TV company.	0
Lazio face tough encounters Forty qualifiers were divided into eight groups of five at today #39;s draw for the inaugural UEFA Cup group stage in Switzerland, with the top seeds SS Lazio drawn in a testing pool alongside opposition from Spain, England, Serbia and Montenegro, and Greece.	1
Barroso finds favor with new cabinet members European Parliament politicians vowed to support Jose Manuel Barroso #39;s new European Commission cabinet, after he reshuffled his team.	0
Limo wars So I am in New York reporting on two Boston limousine competitors -- one a national player, the other an ambitious upstart -- who are wrestling over turf in the biggest limo market in the world. My limo driver, Trevor Ingram, has found himself entangled in a nasty lawsuit along with his new employer, Commonwealth Worldwide.	2
Howe twists in the wind In recent weeks, the question of Art Howe #39;s firing by the Mets has always been more about when the ax would fall, not if, and even the manager seemed resigned to his fate before last night #39;s doubleheader against the Braves at Shea Stadium.	1
Iraq Minister Blasts Iran, Syria, Says Aid Zarqawi (Reuters) Reuters - Iraq's interim defense minister accused\neighbors Iran and Syria on Wednesday of aiding al Qaeda\Islamist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and former agents of Saddam\Hussein to promote a "terrorist" insurgency in Iraq.	0
Shire gets US approval for key drug Shire Pharmaceuticals has won US regulatory approval for its long-delayed Fosrenol treatment for severe kidney disease. Fosrenol is Shire #39;s SHP.	2
Broker woes to scare investors Mainland shares may decline after the government #39;s takeover of Hantang Securities and three brokerages controlled by failed investment company Xinjiang D #39;Long Group because of worries about other crackdowns to come, market analyst Thomas Zhang said.	2
Reebok #39;s Third-Quarter Earnings Jump Sports and fitness products company Reebok International Ltd. on Thursday said third-quarter sales rose 12 percent, driven by its acquisition of Hockey Co.	2
Leaner Longhorn Will Delay Microsoft Business Framework The vendor confirned that the delay in the release of its next-generation file system will also push back the release of the Windows programming layer.	3
U.S. Men Salvage Some Pride with Basketball Bronze  ATHENS (Reuters) - Their character questioned and  commitment belittled, the U.S. men's Olympic basketball team  responded to their critics by taking the bronze with a gold  medal effort.	1
Teams Scour Indonesia Plane Crash Site for Survivors  SOLO, Indonesia (Reuters) - Rescue teams searched areas  around an airfield in central Indonesia on Wednesday for  survivors from a plane crash that police said killed at least  31 people and left 47 unaccounted for.	0
Ching saves best for last KINGSTON, Jamaica -- Without one World Cup qualifier under his belt and only a pair of appearances for the US National Team to speak of, there stood Brian Ching at midfield waiting to enter the match with his team down 1-0 to Jamaica. 	1
Pacific Sunwear 3Q Profit Up 30 Percent Pacific Sunwear of California Inc. on Monday reported third-quarter profit rose 30 percent as sales increased at its PacSun and demo apparel chains.	2
HP Repurchases \$1.3B of Common Stock Hewlett-Packard Co., a maker of computers, printers and information technology systems for businesses, said Monday that it bought back about \$1.3 billion worth of common shares from Merrill Lynch   Co. in an accelerated repurchase program, while its board also approved the repurchase of an added \$3 billion in stock.	3
Retailers and Their September Sales (AP) AP - September sales and sales for the fiscal year to date reported by leading retailers.	2
UN agency confirms missing explosives in Iraq As the UN #39;s nuclear watchdog agency confirmed Monday that about 380 tons of explosives are missing from an Iraqi military complex, the issue quickly moved into the presidential campaign.	0
Biggio may be thrown out at home HOUSTON -- Craig Biggio doffed his cap and waved to the crowd from first base. He was nearly in tears, realizing the standing ovation may have been one of his last as an Astro.	1
UN Court Formally Appoints Defense Lawyers for Milosevic The UN War Crimes Tribunal has named two lawyers to defend former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic, despite his adamant objections.	0
Microsoft tops its earnings expectations September quarter was a good one, but software maker's revenue forecast for current period falls short of analysts' expectations.	3
Philippines Mourns Poe, Film Star Who Ran for President (Reuters) Reuters - Filipinos mourned the death of movie\legend Fernando Poe Jr on Tuesday after the actor who nearly\unseated Gloria Macapagal Arroyo in May's presidential election\suffered a stroke at the weekend.	0
Yanks Beat Twins 8-4 to Take Playoff Lead MINNEAPOLIS Oct. 9, 2004 - Backed by Derek Jeter #39;s three RBIs and a relentless offense, Kevin Brown threw six strong innings to lead the New York Yankees past the frustrated Minnesota Twins 8-4 on Friday 	1
Viagra: A Drug Ad Too Far? Pharmaceutical companies love to tout their drug ads as examples of consumer education. But that argument hardly stands up in Pfizer #39;s (PFE ) latest Viagra pitches.	3
IT pay to rise 10 to 15 through 2007, study says As the economy improves and companies begin to invest more in IT projects, demand for senior IT workers will help drive double-digit salary increases for top techies through 2007, according to a new Meta Group report.	3
Vietnam Airlines in talks to buy four Boeing 7E7s HANOI (AFP) - Vietnam Airlines said Monday it was in talks with Boeing to buy four super-efficient 7E7 Dreamliner aircraft as part of its ambitious fleet and route expansion program.	2
No Jamboree for Gymboree The company's latest earnings met analysts' estimates but uncertainty still lingers.	2
Removing Palestine  quot;The significance of our disengagement plan is the freezing of the peace process. It supplies the formaldehyde necessary so there is no political process with the Palestinians effectively 	0
Alleged US Army Deserter Says He Will Face Charges US Army Sergeant Charles Robert Jenkins, who allegedly defected to North Korea nearly 40 years ago, is promising to face desertion charges against him soon.	0
Memos: Bush Suspended From Guard Flying WASHINGTON - Addressing questions that have lingered for years, newly unearthed memos state that George W. Bush failed to meet standards of the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam war, that he refused a direct order and that his superiors were in a state of turmoil over how to evaluate his performance after he was suspended from flying...	0
North Korea #39;s number two leader in China amid pessimism over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING (AFP) - A North Korean delegation headed by the Stalinist state #39;s number two leader arrived in China amid faltering attempts to resolve the standoff over the North #39;s nuclear weapons program.	0
Bonds most comfortable on the field Now, of course, the question jumps right off the page: Is it possible for a player to continue to excel while plying his trade directly in front of a sign that compares him with the immortals of his industry?	1
Clean green cars move one step closer A new generation of cheaper and more efficient hydrogen fuel cells may bring the environmentalists dream of affordable, green cars one step closer to reality.	3
Business Books: Coke guru critiques growth via innovation By Sergio Zyman. The guy who managed the introduction of New Coke now assesses it as  quot;a classic example of lazy business growth strategy.	2
Secrecy Hides Cancer Data Many clinical cancer trials are not published in order to keep industry secrets. A British cancer research group calls for all studies to be published -- even those with marginal results -- so doctors are not misled.	3
Japanese Co. Markets Dual-Network Phone (AP) AP - Japan's top mobile carrier has begun marketing a cell phone that can make Internet calls over Wi-Fi wireless networks in addition to regular ones.	3
Polish Woman Freed by Iraqi Hostages WARSAW, Poland - A Polish woman who was abducted last month from her apartment in Baghdad has been freed, the Polish prime minister said Saturday.	0
EU Sues Germany Over Volkswagen Law  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission dragged  Germany to court on Wednesday over a law that shields carmaking  icon Volkswagen AG from hostile takeovers, the culmination of a  long battle to break down barriers to foreign investment.	2
Bank of Montreal to Buy Indiana Bank for \$156.5 Mln (Update1) Bank of Montreal, Canada #39;s fifth- biggest bank, agreed to buy Mercantile Bancorp Inc., which has branches in northwestern Indiana, for \$156.	2
Niners' Lloyd Inactive for Seahawks Game (AP) AP - San Francisco 49ers receiver Brandon Lloyd was inactive for Sunday's game at Seattle because of a strained groin.	1
China leaders warn of corruption China's Communist Party tells its members that  corruption could threaten its hold on power.	0
OECD Forecasts Steady Economic Growth The OECD revised the growth projections for its major members. The growth of the US economy this year is likely to be 4.3 percent, instead of an earlier forecast of 4.7 percent, it said.	2
Bank of England Leaves Rate Unchanged It was the third month in a row that the bank #39;s Monetary Policy Committee has frozen the rate. The decision was widely expected following indications that Britain #39;s economy has slowed.	2
Thousands Sign Up for Space Flights (AP) AP - "Star Trek" star William Shatner and former Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist Dave Navarro are among thousands who want to fly on Virgin's proposed commercial space flights, company chief Richard Branson said Friday.	3
NL Wrap: Rueter Sharp as Giants Stay in Division  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Kirk Rueter allowed just three hits  over seven innings and J.T. Snow homered as the San Francisco  Giants scored a crucial 4-2 win over Los Angeles in National  League play at Dodger Stadium Friday.	1
Three Dead In Roadblock Incident In Afghanistan 22 August 2004 -- The US-led coalition forces said that troops fired on a truck that attempted to run through a joint Afghan National Army and coalition checkpoint near Ghazni, killing three and wounding two others.	0
No. 19 Pitt QB Palco Throws 5 TDs in Win (AP) AP - Tyler Palko threw for a career-high 411 yards and five touchdowns in three quarters Saturday, helping No. 19 Pittsburgh rout South Florida 43-14 and virtually assure the Panthers the Big East spot in the Bowl Championship Series.	1
Jailed Palestinian Leader to Run for President The Palestinian political scene is in turmoil today after jailed uprising leader Marwan Barghouti, in a last-minute reversal, entered the race for president to replace Yasser Arafat, challenging the establishment candidate.	0
What Colorado's Amendment 36 means for America... During the nineties, our state saw an increase in population, due to "The Californians" (who we like to bitch about) migrating to our low tax/low smog state.  Though most of us natives like to bitch about their supposedly shallow, urban sprawl, rude soccer mom, cell phone, and shopping mall ways, they have done something useful and actually turned us backwards hillbilly, gun toting, Republican loving rednecks into a swing state. Now we have to deal with traffic on I-25 being snarled for hours whenever Dick Cheney decides to send his motorcade through rush hour.  The most important issue on the ballot in our state is Amendment 36, which would change our electoral voting from "winner takes all" to a proportional voting system.  	3
US troops closing in on central Fallujah There are reports that US troops and crack Iraqi soldiers have surged into rubble-strewn districts in the heart of Fallujah, seizing one third of the city after hours of street fighting with rebels.	0
Man held over China school deaths A man is arrested in China on suspicion of stabbing to death eight pupils at a school, officials say.	0
Arafat's Condition Critical, Leaders Urge Unity  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat lay in critical condition  in a French hospital on Saturday and Hamas militants in Gaza  said there was an urgent need for unity among Palestinian  leaders.	0
French Troops Deploy in Ivory Coast After Rioting  ABIDJAN (Reuters) - France deployed troops in the Ivory  Coast's main city on Sunday to protect its citizens from mob  violence which erupted overnight after French forces destroyed  most of the small West African nation's air force.	0
Big Blue Turns Green with Grid Computing Deal IBM (Quote, Chart) revealed a number of supercomputing projects from its Deep Computing unit, which should whet the appetites of those following the 12th Global Grid Forum (GGF) in Brussels, Belgium, next week.	2
New investor could change dynamic of Microsoft inquiry A third company is looking to join Microsoft and Time Warner as an investor in digital rights management firm ContentGuard, a move that may help Microsoft reduce European antitrust concerns regarding its stake in ContentGuard.	2
NBA Roundup: Sonics fly high again in Philly PHILADELPHIA - Wide open or contested, the Seattle SuperSonics hit three-pointers from all over the court. Ray Allen scored a season-high 37 points, Rashard Lewis had 21 and Vladimir Radmanovic added 20, leading 	1
Australia v India third test scoreboard - close  UPDATE 2-Martyn century give Australia upper hand v India October 26, 2004 11:46:28 NAGPUR, India, Oct 26 (Reuters) - Damien Martyn struck a dazzling 114 but injury-hit India clung on in the final session as Australia finished the opening day of the 	1
Mobile phone users double since 2000 Mobile phone subscribers around the globe totaled nearly 1.5 billion by the middle of this year, about one quarter of the world's population, according to the International Telecommunication Union.	3
Organizers Call Off Blue-Gray Classic (AP) AP - The Blue-Gray All-Star Classic has been called off for the second time in three years because officials couldn't find a corporate sponsor for the Christmas Day showcase for aspiring NFL players.	1
Forces find hostage  quot;slaughterhouses quot; in Fallujah Iraqi troops have found  quot;hostage slaughterhouses quot; in Fallujah where foreign captives were held and killed, the commander of Iraqi forces in the city said Wednesday.	0
Beagle 2 Just Didn #39;t Have the Money to Succeed Summary - (Nov 2, 2004) A new report by the UK House of Commons science and technology select committee pins the blame for the loss of the Beagle 2 lander on a lack of early money.	3
Despite all the hype, tech IPOs aren #39;t tops Five years from now, when you are on a television quiz show, the category is  quot;Public Companies, quot; and the question is  quot;What was the biggest IPO of 2004, quot; you #39;ll be able to answer with supreme confidence: not Google, but Genworth Financial.	3
Majerus accepts offer to be USC #39;s basketball coach next season BRISTOL, Connecticut (Ticker) - Rick Majerus #39; stint as a college basketball analyst for ESPN apparently has been short-lived. According to an ESPN.	1
Enterprises shift from hardware leasing to purchasing As interest rates continue to climb, an increasing number of enterprise IT customers are shifting away from leasing to purchasing equipment such as laptops and PCs.	3
UConn still gets a kick out of women's soccer When people talk about sports at the University of Connecticut, the subject most likely is basketball. Men's or women's, it really doesn't matter, since both teams won the national championship last season. But there's another sport on campus that, although it doesn't grab as many headlines, is just as well respected in its circles.	1
Emblem of radical Palestinian organisation Hamas The killing of Hamas leader Izz ed-Din al-Sheikh Khalil in Damascus on Sunday marks another step in the struggle between Israel and the radical Islamic Hamas organisation which has been responsible for a recent spate of suicide attacks.	0
Congress close to renewing ban on Internet access taxes Lawmakers revived a long-stalled effort Wednesday to block state and local governments from taxing Internet connections, in a last-minute agreement to ban the taxes until 2007.	2
Cable and Wireless offloads Japanese unit BRITISH telecoms group Cable and Wireless has agreed to sell its Japanese unit to internet service provider Softbank for 72.4 million (\$178.	2
ShopKo Reports November Retail Sales GREEN BAY, Wis., Dec. 1 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- ShopKo Stores, Inc. (NYSE:SKO), today reported consolidated sales for the four weeks ended November 27, 2004 decreased 4.9 percent to \$272.8 million from \$286.8 million during the same period last year.	2
Mbeki meets with Ivory Coast rebel leaders South African President Thabo Mbeki traveled to Ivory Coast #39;s rebel-held north on Sunday in a redoubled peace effort for West Africa #39;s war-divided economic hub.	0
Posada OK with signing Pedro While the Red Sox celebrated their first World Series title in 86 years, Jorge Posada was on the beach in Puerto Rico, staying away from the television.	1
Sales drop sparks spending fears Figures showing a drop in retail sales spark fears that the recent consumer spending rebound could be coming to an end.	2
ING Reveals Improper Trading Case Details (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. unit of Dutch financial\services group ING Groep NV said on Wednesday a review of\improper trading in its mutual funds showed only isolated\incidents of impropriety.	2
Federer Express derails Hewitt ROGER Federer calls tennis  quot;artistry quot; and yesterday fourth seed Lleyton Hewitt was his canvas as the Swiss world No. 1 dominated the US Open men #39;s final in a straight sets victory over the in-form Australian.	1
Nepal Maoists kill soldier, kidnap six policemen KATHMANDU, Aug 22: Maoist rebels killed a soldier, bombed government offices and kidnapped six policemen in a raid on a district headquarters in Nepal #39;s far northwest, police said on Sunday.	0
It's a fancy move from ESPN Barely a year after an internal investigation into ESPN's boxing program led to the dismissal of its long-time boxing coordinator and a shakeup in its approach that left many small-time promoters losing money just to put a show on the network, ESPN has decided to fight for a niche in the sport long the property of HBO and Showtime.	1
Buy Linux PCs, then steal Windows HAMBURG: New personal computers with the free Linux operating system are often used with pirated copies of the Microsoft Windows operating system, reports a study by the US-based marketing research firm Gartner.	3
Out with the old at EDS Electronic Data Systems' early-retirement plan aims to save hundreds of millions of dollars, but saying goodbye to veteran employees could be hard on the firm.	3
U.S. Accuses Syria Over Lahoud Extension (AP) AP - The State Department accused Syria on Friday of threatening members of Lebanon's parliament to force enactment of an extension of three years in the term of pro-Syrian President Emile Lahoud.	0
Holiday spirits are highest for stores that banked on weekend &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; If sales from the first weekend of the 2004 holiday shopping season taught retailers anything, it #39;s that there is no such thing as too much promotion.	2
PalmOne unveils latest Treo New top-of-the-line smart phone has a sharper screen, a faster chip and a removable battery.	3
Spielman says he'll be back Miami Dolphins general manager Rick Spielman said yesterday he's been assured by owner Wayne Huizenga he will return in that role next season.	1
Matured Busch a title favorite, not fan favorite NASCAR #39;s new playoff-style championship format has delivered nearly everything its proponents promised: more intense racing, higher television ratings and a tight title race heading into Sunday #39;s season finale.	1
An irregular regular loss MINNEAPOLIS -- Considering how much the Yankees have dominated the Twins during the regular season in recent years, it was easy to assume Javier Vazquez picked the right time to return from a nasty two-week bout with conjunctivitis. 	1
Boxer Bowe to Launch Comeback in Sept. (AP) AP - Former heavyweight champion Riddick Bowe is coming out of retirement after a 17-month prison stint, with a scheduled return to the ring Sept. 25.	1
SEC Charges Raymond James with Fraud  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission on Thursday charged brokerage firm Raymond James  Financial Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RJF.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RJF.N&lt;/A&gt; with fraud over the misconduct of a  former broker in 1999 and 2000.	2
NASA Extends Mars Rover Mission 6 Months (AP) AP - NASA thinks its Mars rovers just might keep going and going and going. The space agency has funded another extension of their mission, for an additional six months, if they last.	3
Server Sales Continue to Soar (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - According to Gartner, worldwide server revenue increased in the second quarter by 7.7 percent over the year-ago period,  and server shipments jumped 24.5 percent.	3
Noble to Buy Patina Oil for Cash, Stock Oil and gas producer Noble Energy Inc. (NBL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to buy Patina Oil  amp; Gas Corp. (POG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) in a cash and stock deal, helping it expand 	2
UK paper moves to Enfield Production staff - now standing at 1000 - will be cut by two-thirds as News International, the UK newspaper unit of News Corp, moves its London printing facilities from Wapping to Enfield.	2
Brief: Salesforce.com pushes on development, integration NOVEMBER 03, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - On-demand CRM software provider Salesforce.com Inc. is branching out to offer hosted application development technology and online marketplace services to supplement its own software services.	3
Claussen roughed up by Cubs com. The Cincinnati southpaw suffered his fifth straight loss Monday, a 12-5 thrashing at the hands of the Cubs, in the opener of a four-game series with Chicago before a crowd of 38,984 at Wrigley Field.	1
Revenge Really Is Sweet, Study Shows (Reuters) Reuters - Revenge feels sweet, and Swiss\researchers said on Thursday they have the brain scans to prove\it.	3
Ivory Coast Warplanes Bomb Rebel City Ivory Coast warplanes bombed the largest city of the rebel-held north in wave after wave of attacks Thursday, breaking a more than year-old cease-fire in the civil war that split West Africa #39;s one-time economic powerhouse.	0
In Conte's '20/20' Remarks, Legal Experts See a Risk As lacerating as Victor Conte Jr.'s remarks were about widespread doping in elite sport, his appearance on the ABC program was also puzzling to legal experts.	1
OQO pocket-size Windows XP PC clever but could be better (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - I'm guessing the founders of a San Francisco start-up called OQO are bummed that Microsoft long ago snagged the name Pocket PC for its personal digital assistants. Because Pocket PC might be the ideal moniker for OQO's new model 01 "ultrapersonal computer"- uPC for short.	3
Spouse of Pakistan president's rival gets bail KARACHI -- After eight years in jail on corruption charges, the husband of former prime minister Benazir Bhutto was released on bail yesterday, officials said, in a move the government called a step toward ''political harmony quot; with her opposition party.	0
Villarreal 2-0 Middlesbrough Middlesbrough were denied the point they needed to move into the knockout stage of the Uefa Cup by a classy Villarreal side. A defensive Boro were soon on the back foot and keeper Mark Schwarzer made three fine first-half stops.	1
Cycling champion sues former assistant Lance Armstrong is suing a former personal assistant who claims the six-time defending Tour de France champion owes him \$500,000. In a lawsuit filed Monday, Armstrong and his personal service company, Luke 	1
DA #39;s office: Marsh to plead guilty in crematory case The criminal case against a former crematory operator in northwest Georgia appears headed for a plea deal. A prosecutor says in a letter to victims #39; families that Ray Brent Marsh -- who is 	2
Sun Offers Pay-for-Use Grid Computing (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Taking an innovative approach to the marketing of high-performance \computing, Sun Microsystems (Nasdaq: SUNW) is offering its N1 Grid program in a pay-for-use pricing model that mimics the way such commodities as electricity and wireless phone plans are sold.	3
Lazarus Disappearing From Western Pa. Federated Department Stores says its regional chains will begin operating under the Macy #39;s name in January. Do you think changing the names of Federated stores to Macy #39;s is a good idea?	2
Jol unhappy with penalty decision Tottenham coach Martin Jol felt his side were denied a clear-cut penalty as they slipped to a 1-0 defeat away to Aston Villa.  quot;I was maybe 80 yards away but to me it looked a definite penalty after the challenge 	1
EADS to make bid for Thales PARIS, Nov 12 (AFP) - The European Aeronautic, Defence and Space Company (EADS) will soon launch a bid for French defence electronics group Thales in a deal orchestrated by the French government, which owns just over 15 percent of EADS and 31 percent of 	2
Premiers rely on Martin's minority troubles to drive hard bargain on health (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada's premiers are hopeful that Prime Minister Paul Martin's tenuous grip on a minority government will give them leverage to drive a hard bargain at this week's high-stakes health-care summit.	0
German economic recovery runs out of steam FRANKFURT (AFP) - The modest recovery of the German economy ran out of steam in the third quarter, official data showed, as exports, previously the main driving force behind growth of the eurozone #39;s biggest economy, slumped on the back of the global 	2
Nielsen's Concessions  End Fight With Univision Univision Communications Inc. and Nielsen Media Research Inc. have dropped lawsuits against each other over the rollout of Nielsen's controversial "personal people meters," which critics said undercount the size of minority television audiences.	2
Arlington Capital Buys Calif. School The for-profit, post-secondary education industry is ripe for consolidation, and Arlington has a letter of intent to buy another school in the western United States and anticipates more deals in the next year.	2
Think  #39;virtual #39; when migrating SERI KEMBANGAN: Most company networks run a mix of old and new systems, and so-called virtual machine software can help when migrating from one to the other.	3
A toll with appeal ALL that was missing was a nice kiss on the bottom. Bracksie #39;s Government is forking out a lazy \$300 million so Macquarie Bank and Leighton Holdings, the victorious consortium in the Mitcham-Frankston tollroad 	2
Congress Told FDA Failed Public on Vioxx  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Food and Drug  Administration failed the public in its oversight of Merck   Co  Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; withdrawn painkiller Vioxx and is "incapable of  protecting America" from another dangerous drug, an agency  researcher told Congress on Thursday.	2
Hollywood Steps Up Fight Against Online Piracy The major Hollywood studios today said they are escalating their fight against online piracy by pursuing civil and criminal legal actions against the operators of computer servers that help 	3
Amazon launching DVD rentals The UK website of Amazon.com is launching a DVD rental service, the online retailer #39;s first foray into a market pioneered by US- based Netflix.	2
Otellini #39;s rise moves Barrett and Grove Intel #39;s board sounded the changing of the guard yesterday, with Paul Otellini being confirmed as the next CEO of the chip giant.	2
Bush Administration Divide Re-Emerges Over N. Korea (Reuters) Reuters - As President Bush prepares for a\second term, hard-liners are pressing once again for a more\coercive approach if six-party talks make no progress on\resolving the North Korea nuclear issue.	0
Stealth dino A newly discovered fossil may be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning.	3
Cink goes wire-to-wire at NEC AKRON, Ohio -- The last man picked for the Ryder Cup team led at Firestone from start to finish. Where: Shanty Creek Resort, Bellaire (Legend and Cedar River courses).	1
Most D.C. Hotels Have Kept Union at Bay Three years ago, before the trendy Hotel Monaco in Washington's Penn Quarter filled its goldfish bowls and tucked in its high-thread-count sheets, managers went to a local human resources association to see what the unionized hotels in the area paid employees.	2
Upstarts Try to Make Name in Online Travel (AP) AP - Like a lot of frequent travelers, Kevin Pollard relies on the Internet to save money on airfares, hotel rooms and rental cars. The quest generally took him to the Web's most popular travel sites  #151; Orbitz, Travelocity and Expedia  #151; until he discovered a new breed of specialty search engines that promise to dig up even better bargains.	3
Mutu: I took drugs but not cocaine LONDON, Enland -- Adrian Mutu has admitted taking a drug, but claims it was not cocaine but a drug to improve his sex life. The Romanian striker tested positive for cocaine last month, and is waiting to see 	1
Wizards Hold Singles Night at Magic Game (AP) AP - The Washington Wizards unveiled a singles night promotion Wednesday against the Orlando Magic.	1
Netegrity Readies for \$430 Million Acquisition Netegrity, Inc., a leading provider of identity and access management solutions, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by Computer Associates International, Inc.	3
Pearce sent off early as Palace claim first win CRYSTAL Palace moved off the foot of the Premiership table last night with their first victory of the season, Andy Johnson and Aki Riihilahti scoring second-half goals to defeat Fulham 2-0 at Selhurst Park.	1
Largest Quake Since Oct. Hits St. Helens (AP) AP - A 3.1-magnitude earthquake shook the crater at Mount St. Helens on Saturday, the strongest quake at the volcano since mid-October.	3
Too Far: Jamal Lewis should have his sentence lengthened Toward the end of last week, we heard that Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis had reached a plea bargain in regard to a drug distribution ring he and a childhood friend got going in 2000.	1
Vodafone launches 3G services in Europe LONDON -- Cell phone giant Vodafone Group PLC, which has spent years struggling to recoup billions spent on 3G licences, finally launched the cutting-edge service Wednesday in much of Europe and introduced or beefed up its operation in a dozen other 	2
HP to deliver vulnerability scanning service by year's end Hewlett-Packard Co. plans to deliver by the end of the year a new vulnerability service designed to help companies proactively detect and fix flaws that could be used in a malicious attacks.	3
J amp;J deal with Guidant in the offing The prospect of Johnson  amp; Johnson acquiring Guidant, a medical device maker that brought cutting-edge technology to cardiovascular medicine, has fueled whispers for years, gaining intensity when 	2
Mexicans Plan Global Anthem Sing-Along (AP) AP - Warning: If a co-worker or stranger suddenly jumps up and starts singing a patriotic song in Spanish on Wednesday, don't be alarmed.	0
Ross Fitzgerald: Overexposed, overwrought and overboard NO one has said it yet, but John Howard is looking more and more like Paul Keating, circa March 1996. Keating won the seemingly unwinnable election in 1993 against John Hewson, then crashed three years later.	0
Arsenal win thriller, equal Notts record LONDON, AUGUST 22: Arsenal equalled Nottingham Forests 42-match unbeaten league record in heart-stopping style on Sunday when the Premier League champions roared back from 1-3 down to beat Middlesbrough 5-3 at Highbury.	1
Toronto-Dominion seeks Banknorth stake Toronto-Dominion Bank is in the final stages of negotiations to take a controlling interest in New England regional bank Banknorth Group Inc. in a transaction worth as much as \$3.5 billion, according to executives involved in the talks.	2
Patriots Defeat Rams, 40-22 (AP) AP - Adam Vinatieri beat the St. Louis Rams with his leg in the 2002 Super Bowl. This time, he used his leg and his arm.	1
Cut From Longhorn, WinFS Is in Peril The Windows Future Storage (WinFS) technology that got cut out of Windows  quot;Longhorn quot; is in serious trouble, and not just the hot water a feature might encounter for missing its intended production vehicle.	3
Gerrard stars in dramatic comeback LIVERPOOL, England -- Steven Gerrard crashed home a stunning half-volley as four-times European champions Liverpool came back to beat Olympiakos Piraeus 3-1 on Wednesday and reach the Champions League knockout stage.	1
IT blueprint for 2005 This weeks issue recognizes the smartest, most creative, and, well, coolest IT projects of 2004. But the InfoWorld 100 is more than simply another collection of well-meaning (and well-deserved) awards. It is also a blueprint -- a living document that provides real, useful editorial direction.	2
Company to Aid in DeLay Corruption Probe (AP) AP - A company accused in the campaign-finance investigation that has implicated associates of U.S. House Majority Leader Tom DeLay agreed to aid prosecutors in exchange for having charges against it dropped, court papers showed.	0
Bush Pledges 'Nothing Will Hold Us Back' NEW YORK - President Bush picked apart John Kerry's record on the Iraq war and tax cuts Thursday night and summoned the nation toward victory over terrorism and economic security at home. "Nothing will hold us back," he said in a Republican National Convention acceptance speech that launched his fall re-election campaign...	0
Afghan Kidnappers Demand Release of 26 Comrades  KABUL (Reuters) - Afghan militants who have threatened to  kill three kidnapped U.N. workers have agreed to give the  government until Tuesday to find and release 26 Taliban  prisoners, a spokesman for the militants said on Sunday.	0
Mallett gives Waugh Indian curry FORMER Test off-spinner Ashley Mallett has claimed Australia #39;s historic series win in India was due to the fact Steve Waugh was no longer captain of the team.	1
Kent #39;s dramatic hit puts Astros in charge HOUSTON So you think the Red Sox and Yankees staged high drama in their Game 5? Consider this: Twenty-three minutes after David Ortiz #39;s single lifted the Red Sox past the Yankees in the 14th inning on Monday 	1
Rare win for Gators at FSU TALLAHASSEE, Fla. -- Chris Leak threw for a touchdown, Ciatrick Fason ran for a score, and Florida upset No. 10 Florida State, 20-13, last night to win in Tallahassee for the first time since 1986. It also gave fired coach Ron Zook a victory in his final regular-season game.	1
Veritas' India lab to become its largest R D center BANGALORE, INDIA - Veritas Software's research and development (R D) center in Pune, India, will soon be the company's largest worldwide, according to a company executive.	3
For Martha, It #39;s Time to Do Time By serving her sentence now, the domestic diva gives her company a better shot at reviving its badly damaged fortunes. Although more famous for her artistic instincts around the home, Martha Stewart knows her math, too.	2
Microsoft Files Seven New Spam Lawsuits (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  filed seven\lawsuits against senders of spam, or unsolicited e-mail, for\transmitting messages without labeling them as sexually\explicit content, the world's largest software maker said on\Thursday.	3
Maryland 20 (5) Florida State 17 COLLEGE PARK, Md. The Red Sox won a World Series, so why can #39;t Maryland beat Florida State. The Terrapins got their first victory over FSU, holding off the fifth-ranked Terrapins 20-to-17.	1
Update 1: Global Crossing Plummets on Restructure Global Crossing Ltd. shares plummeted Monday after the once-bankrupt telecommunications company announced it will cut about 600 jobs and scale down operations to free enough cash to stay fiscally afloat.	2
Cingular handset talks to users Software application is intended to help the visually impaired make full use of their cell phones.\	3
Indian tech firms face skills gap India's IT research and outsourcing  industry is facing a skills shortage, a leading industry expert has warned.	3
House Democrats Set Goals, Seek Return to Power (Reuters) Reuters - In a scene reminiscent of the 1994\"Republican Revolution" that turned the U.S. Congress upside\down, Democrats on Wednesday set ambitious goals for the nation\and urged voters to finally put them back in charge.	0
FTC Filing Targets Malicious Spyware FTC Filing Targets Malicious Spyware\\Spyware has come under target of the Federal Trade Commission with a new complaint filed in federal court which is requesting that two Internet based advertising and software firms be closed. The FTC filing was made last week with a press conference to be scheduled for ...	3
Nepalese Rebel Blockade Cuts Roads to Kathmandu, Reuters Says Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Road traffic to Nepal #39;s capital, Kathmandu, stopped as communist rebels began a blockade of the city to demand the release of insurgents, Reuters reported. 	0
Australian court convicts drug addict of murdering Stuttle (AFP) AFP - A drug addicted-drifter was found guilty by a Supreme Court jury of murdering a teenage English backpacker by throwing her from a bridge after robbing her of her handbag.	0
Pilot dies after US chopper crashes in Afghanistan (AFP) AFP - The pilot of a US military Black Hawk helicopter died when the aircraft crashed near Afghanistan's western city of Herat, a United Nations spokesman said.	0
Qwest, DirecTV expand satellite deal The two companies increase an alliance to bundle DirecTV's service with the telecom provider's own offerings.	3
PeopleSoft holds out for the money Spooked by souring market sentiment and months of internecine verbal jousting, PeopleSoft has adopted a conciliatory line to shareholders that it will not sell them short and is willing to wait until Oracle Corporation #39;s unsolicited offer hits the right 	2
This Date in Baseball for Oct. 29 (AP) AP - 1931  #151; Lefty Grove, winner of 31 games for the Philadelphia A's, was named the American League MVP.	1
Jakarta blast: Manny #39;s amazing recovery THREE weeks ago, photographs of an unconscious Elisabeth Musu bleeding from her wounds were flashed around the world. Yesterday afternoon, the survivor of last month #39;s Jakarta bomb blast smiled for the camera 	0
NYSE to use custom IBM palm PCs (FT.com) FT.com - IBM has developed an order management and messaging system dubbed "TradeWorks" for the New York Stock Exchange designed to support the growing number of shares traded on the exchange.	3
HBOS in talks to fund 8bn Abbey bid HBOS is said to be in talks with potential financial backers over how to fund an 8bn takeover bid for Abbey National in a move to break up a takeover plan from Spain #39;s Banco Santander Central Hispano.	2
Get Your Cheese While It's Hot Refrigeration rules clash with old ways, and fresh mozzarella is at risk.	0
Inter draws again Milan, Italy (Sports Network) - Inter Milan has earned just two points after two Serie A matches, thanks to a 1-1 draw with Palermo on Saturday night.	1
The long Goodbye When Rusty Wallace competes in the final NASCAR race of his career at Homestead-Miami Speedway on Nov. 20, 2005, he will be 49 years old.	1
Oracle Eyes PeopleSoft as Meat on the Hoof Opinion: According to its president, Oracle has a clear idea of how it #39;s going to slice up PeopleSoft to retain the choicest assets and send the rest to the corporate rendering yard.	2
Two young stars scuffle According to Kenyon and Bromley #39;s simulation, such an encounter took place more than 4 billion years ago - 100-200 million years after the Sun #39;s birth.	3
Sales tax deduction revived Washington taxpayers will be able to deduct their state sales taxes from their federal income taxes if the US Senate votes this weekend to approve a major tax overhaul.	2
Oil dealer facing bankruptcy The parent company of the Petro home heating oil company, which serves over 100,000 customers on Long Island and in New York City, said today that the division is facing a liquidity crisis due in part to its inability to pass on record high heating oil 	2
Mukesh Ambani denies feud over Reliance ownership (LEAD): Business India: Mumbai, Nov 22 : Mukesh Ambani, chairman of India #39;s largest private business firm Reliance Industries, Monday rubbished the talk of a family feud over the company #39;s ownership, saying the foundations of the company are very strong.	2
Pakistan arrests Libyan suspected of Qaeda ties PESHAWAR, Pakistan -- Pakistani intelligence agents arrested a Libyan on suspicion of having links to Al Qaeda after raiding a home on the outskirts of this northwestern city yesterday, security officials said.	0
Britain Rules Out Talks with Iraq Kidnappers  LIVERPOOL, England (Reuters) - Britain ruled out  negotiations with the abductors of a British hostage in Iraq on  Thursday after a desperate plea for help from the hostage.	0
Philly goes Wi-Fi crazy The grand city of Philadelphia unveiled today an ambitious plan to coat the city with Wi-Fi, using a mix of public and private funds to provide the service.	3
Update 5: Vivendi, Messier Are Fined \$1.35M Each French regulators fined Vivendi Universal SA and its former boss Jean-Marie Messier nearly \$1.4 million each on Tuesday for deceiving investors with a litany of inaccurate financial communications issued over a two-year period.	2
Senate Panel Weighs In On Wireless Directory (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - The Senate Commerce Committee voted yesterday to require cell phone companies to get the approval of individual customers before listing their wireless phone numbers in public directories.	3
Yankees 19 Red Sox 8 (Boston-AP, Oct. 17, 2004) _ The New York Yankees put on a record-setting offensive display in routing Boston 19-to-8 to win Game Three of the American League Championship Series.	1
 #39;No experiments #39; for SpaceShipOne Burt Rutan, the man who designed and masterminded the X-Prize winning SpaceShipOne, says the craft will only be used for people, not experiments.	3
RUSSIA * ECONOMY * OIL * AUCTION MOSCOW, November 30 (RIA Novosti) - Gazprom will bid in the Yuganskneftegaz auction, Gazpromneft chief executive officer (CEO) Sergei Bogdanchikov told the Russian Gas-2004 second international forum Tuesday.	2
NATO Gives Thumbs Up to Iraq Mission They gathered in Brussels to try to agree on the terms for expanding the alliance #39;s small military training mission in Iraq. Officials said before the meeting that they believed an accord would be possible 	0
Gators will respond strongly Since the Heisman Trophy will be handed out and a new national champion (or two) crowned before you know it, please send in your questions promptly using the form below to avoid a delay-of-game penalty!	1
Feds Kick Off Digital TV Consumer Campaign (AP) AP - It's one of the biggest technical changes in television since color TV: the digital transition. And because many Americans remain in the dark about it, federal regulators began an education campaign Monday to enlighten them.	3
Organic Search Engine Optimization for Large Sites Organic Search Engine Optimization for Large Sites\\Commercial websites are getting larger. Driven by the rapid evolution of content management systems, shopping carts and e-biz facilitation, and by the increasing sophistication of Internet retailers, "small" business sites averaging 500 pages have become common.\\Some large sites are very well focused and present ...	3
Yahoo! loses US appeal over French ruling on Nazi auctions Yahoo! has lost an appeal against a US district courts ruling which said that the company does not have to obey a French courts decision requiring it to block French citizens from accessing internet auctions of Nazi memorabilia at Yahoo!	3
Saturn Hailstorm When Cassini reached Saturn On June 30th, it dashed through a gap in Saturn's rings, twice. One of onboard science instruments recorded a flurry of ring-dust harmlessly striking the spacecraft.\\	3
Stocks Close Higher Ahead of Google IPO NEW YORK - Investors shrugged off rising crude futures Wednesday to capture attractively valued shares, sending the Nasdaq composite index up 2 percent ahead of Google Inc.'s much-anticipated initial public offering of stock. The Dow Jones industrial average rose more than 110 points...	0
Fong, First Asian-American Senator, Dies (AP) AP - Hiram L. Fong, a son of immigrants who overcame poverty to become a millionaire businessman and the first Asian-American elected to the U.S. Senate, died Wednesday. He was 97.	0
Atlas Copco to sell electric tool business STOCKHOLM, Sweden -- Swedish engineering company Atlas Copco Group is selling its electric tool business which includes Milwaukee Electric Tool in the United States to Hong Kong-based Techtronic Industries Co.	2
Israel kills six Palestinians in Gaza raid GAZA CITY: Prime Minister Ariel Sharons optimism for peace in 2005 was immediately dealt a blow by Israelis with the killing of six Palestinians on Friday by Israeli troops during an incursion in Gaza.	0
Multiplex, Westfield Lodge \$1 Billion Chelsfield Bid (Update1) Multiplex Group, Westfield Group and the billionaire brothers Simon and David Reuben lodged a formal 585 million-pound (\$1.05 billion) cash offer for Chelsfield Plc, meeting a deadline to win support from the company #39;s owners.	2
No Holiday Cheer for Band Aid and iTunes Apple #39;s iTunes Music Store is causing a bit of a stir by refusing to sell the charity Band Aid song  quot;Do They Know It #39;s Christmas?	3
Oil Back Near \$55 as Winter Stocks Ebb  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices charged back toward \$55 a  barrel on Wednesday as a fresh fall in U.S. heating oil stocks  stoked worries over winter supplies.	2
National League Game Summary - Atlanta at Philadelphia The Braves, who ended with 13 hits, have recorded 10 or more hits in 12 straight games, setting a franchise record...With every victory, Wright continues to set a new career high...Marcus Giles went 3-for-5 for the Braves.	1
Bryant Judge Restricts Courtroom Cameras (AP) AP - The judge in the Kobe Bryant rape case on Tuesday sharply restricted how the news media may cover the trial using television and still cameras, saying he was worried too much exposure could threaten the fairness of the proceedings.	1
China Rounds Up Three Intellectuals in Crackdown  BEIJING (Reuters) - A Chinese author who was briefly  detained by police overnight along with two other intellectuals  said Tuesday the authorities appeared to be trying to build a  case against him as part of a crackdown on government critics.	0
September Consumer Prices Pick Up Momentum Consumer prices picked up momentum in September, especially hitting the pockets of people paying for medical care, education costs and filling up gas tanks.	2
Hauritz fills the boots of Warne India yesterday resembled a cartoon villain whose face has been frazzled by a backfiring booby trap. Having presented Australia with a green seamer in Nagpur last week they attempted to make amends by producing 	1
Oil Ends Above \$50 on Nigeria Fears  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices ended above \$50 a barrel on  Friday amid concern over possible fighting between rebels and  the military in Nigeria's oil-rich delta region.	2
IBM Wins Honeywell Deal, Eyes More (Reuters) Reuters - IBM has won a long-term contract from\Honeywell worth several hundred million dollars, its largest\military/aerospace engineering contract since IBM exited the\field a decade ago, it said on Monday.	3
Science 'excludes black people' British black scientists are vastly under-represented in their chosen field, says a leading commentator.	3
Rain puts crimp on match play US Open champion Retief Goosen was the only winner on a rainy opening day of the World Match Play Championship at Virginia Water, England, yesterday, beating Jeff Maggert over 36 holes by a record 12 and 11.	1
Girl survives rabies without jab \A teenage girl has become the first known person to survive rabies without the benefit of a vaccination, say doctors.	0
Most Red Roof Inns to Get Wi-Fi Hotspots ARROLLTON, Texas (AP) -- Accor North America has reached an agreement with T-Mobile USA Inc. to install wireless Internet access throughout all of its Red Roof Inns over the next year, officials said...	3
Lynne Cheney Upset With Kerry Over Remark (AP) AP - Lynne Cheney accused Sen. John Kerry of pulling a "cheap and tawdry political trick" after he discussed her daughter's sexuality in his debate with President Bush. In response, Elizabeth Edwards suggested Mrs. Cheney might feel "a certain degree of shame" because her daughter is a lesbian.	0
Update 3: DreamWorks Animation Seeks Splashy Debut DreamWorks Animation Inc., riding on a wave of recent hit films including  quot;Shrek 2 quot; and  quot;Shark Tales quot; was looking for friendly waters on Wall Street Thursday with its highly anticipated initial public offering.	2
Nokia Expands Functionality and Security of SSL VPN Offering NEW YORK, September 20, 2004 - Nokia (NYSE:NOK) today announced the expanded security and functionality of Nokia Secure Access System, the companys virtual private network (VPN) solution leveraging ubiquitous Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.	3
PalmOne rings up new smartphone PalmOne Inc., the world #39;s biggest maker of hand-held computers, unveiled a new model of its popular Treo smartphone, the combined mobile handset, camera and planner that sold more than 600,000 units in a year.	3
Intel, LG to work on single wireless broadband standard The chief executive officers of Intel Corp. and LG Electronics Inc. agreed on Monday to work together towards creating a single international standard for wireless broadband Internet access.	3
Israeli High Court upholds decision over Sharon graft case JERUSALEM, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- Israeli High Court of Justice upheld Thursday Attorney General Menachem Mazuz #39;s decision not to indict Prime Minister Ariel Sharon in the Greek island corruption case, Haaretz website reported. 	0
Golden dream still alive for Fab Five Deep into overtime, the breaks were going against the US women #39;s soccer team. First came a last-gasp goal that stole victory in regulation, then came a wide-open shot that bounced off the goalpost.	1
Bank of Ireland profits up 6 Bank of Ireland has announced that profits before tax were up 6 from 670m in the six months to the end of September last year to 713m this year.	2
Afghan troops storm siege prison KABUL (BBC) -- Afghan troops have stormed the main jail in the capital, Kabul, after an escape bid by inmates escalated into a day-long siege that left several dead.	0
Microsoft Xbox Live Traffic Quadruples Following Halo-2 Launch Microsoft Xbox Live traffic on service provider networks quadrupled following the November 9th launch of Halo-II -- which set entertainment industry records by selling 2.4-million units in the US and Canada on the first day of availability, driving cash 	3
Israeli Soldier Shot Dead in Gaza Clash -Army (Reuters) Reuters - Two Palestinian gunmen fired on an Israeli\army outpost in the northern Gaza Strip on Thursday, killing a\soldier before being shot dead, a military spokeswoman said.	0
Panthers' Peppers Out to Boost Sacks (AP) AP - Numbers don't define Julius Peppers. He simply won't let them. Yet they follow him, and to everyone outside of the Carolina Panthers, they seem to measure his success. A lot of sacks means a good season, a mediocre number equals a down year.	1
Service Sends Traffic Images to Cell Phone TrafficLand Inc. recently released what it calls AirVideo, an add-on to the \$59-a-year traffic-monitoring service it sells. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
T-Mobile tries start-up #39;s wireless technology European cell phone giant T-Mobile International said Wednesday that it #39;s conducting a trial of super-fast wireless broadband gear from Flarion Technologies, giving the New Jersey start-up its first step into the European broadband market.	3
Camden tops dangerous cities list Camden has become the nation #39;s most-dangerous city, a national ranking company based in Kansas announced Sunday. Camden, which was ranked third worst last year, took the dubious honor from 	2
Dial-up #39; has new meaning with Ne America Online is joining a growing number of players beyond traditional phone companies rolling out or testing phone calls over the Internet.	3
It's About Time With only three games left in the season, the Redskins are still having difficulty getting off plays within the 40 seconds allotted.	1
Oracle exceeds August quarter earnings forecasts NEW YORK, September 15 (New Ratings) - Oracle Corporation (ORCL.NAS) reported its 1Q FY05 earnings ahead of expectations, despite a 36 year-over-year decline in the company #39;s enterprise application software sales during the quarter.	2
Blog Declared Word of the Year US Dictionary Merriam-Websters has announced that the word blog is their word of the year in their annual pronouncement of the Top 10 words of 2004, which also bizarrely included the words cicada and defenestration.	3
Oil price drops but fears remain The price of US crude oil has eased in early trade, after breaching the \$50-a-barrel mark on Friday. Light sweet crude for November delivery fell 42 cents from Friday #39;s \$50.	0
Nobody Blinked It is easy to feel disappointed by the outcome, or the lack thereof, of the first meeting of the foreign ministers of India and Pakistan after the signing of the historic Islamabad declaration in January.	0
NKorea warns of arms race following SKorean uranium experiment (AFP) AFP - North Korea has warned that South Korea's uranium enrichment experiment could fuel an arms race in northeast Asia, accusing the United States of practising  quot;double standards. quot;	0
Oracle sweetens Peoplesoft offer to \$24/shr Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , in the midst of a hostile takeover attempt of rival PeopleSoft Inc. (PSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) , on Monday raised its offer 	2
Nobel laureate defends her suggestion that AIDS stems from plot NAIROBI -- Wangari Maathai made a typically combative start to her first full day as a Nobel laureate yesterday, defending a recent suggestion that the HIV virus might have been made in a laboratory as a plot against Africans.	0
Venus Williams Edges Teenager at Zurich Former champion Venus Williams was pushed to two tiebreakers over two hours by 16-year-old qualifier Ana Ivanovic of Serbia-Montenegro before reaching the Swisscom Challenge quarterfinals Thursday.	1
N.Korea urged to resume talks next month The United States has conveyed a proposal to North Korea to resume six-nation talks on its nuclear drive next month, South Korean officials said Thursday.	0
SCHUMACHER GRABS TOP SPOT Michael Schumacher returned to top spot in today #39;s first practice for the Italian Grand Prix at Monza. The Ferrari driver suffered a rare defeat two weeks ago in Belgium, although second place was enough to clinch a seventh world championship.	1
Blazers #39; Randolph misses team flight A mini Blazers soap opera broke, was resolved and basically forgotten all in the same day on Sunday. It started when the news came out that Zach Randolph missed the team flight to Toronto on Saturday morning 	1
Advanced Model of World #39;s Smallest Flying Microrobot from Epson Epson has long been engaged in the research and development of microrobots and in the development of applications for their enabling technologies.	3
Dollar Gains Ground on Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar regained some ground against  the yen on Friday, moving away from four-month lows hit the  previous day, as the market remained reluctant to push the U.S.  currency below the closely watched 107 yen mark.	2
SBC Details Fiber Plans SBC Communications Inc. on Thursday announced plans to reach 18 million homes with an IP network by the end of 2007 at a cost of \$4 billion.	2
IRA Adventures (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Peter Frankling tapped an unusual source to fund his new business, which makes hot-dog-shaped ice cream treats known as Cool Dogs: Two investors, one a friend and the other a professional venture capitalist, put in more than  #36;100,000 each from their Individual Retirement Accounts. Later Franklin added  #36;150,000 from his own IRA.	2
Gas Price Up Near \$1.88 a Gallon -Survey The average US retail price of gasoline rose slightly over the last two weeks to almost \$1.88 a gallon -- the first increase reported since late May, according to the nationwide Lundberg survey of about 8,000 gas stations.	2
Kerry claims victory after Redskins #39; loss WASHINGTON, Oct 31 (AFP) - Senator John Kerry declared victory on Sunday in the US presidential election, staking his claim on a historical quirk linking past White House races and the Washington Redskins football team.	1
Ragged Federer moves up World number one Roger Federer struggled through an unexpectedly tough opening win on Tuesday night against outsider Nicolas Thomann, finally grabbing a 6-4, 7-6 (7-4) victory at the \$550,000 Thailand Open.	1
Israeli Military Kills 4 Palestinian Militants in Gaza Operation The Israeli military killed four Palestinian militants on Wednesday as troops in tanks and armored vehicles pushed into another town in the northern Gaza Strip, extending 	0
In support of free speech  quot;I don #39;t think we ought to have 527s, quot; President Bush said the other day, referring to the political fund-raising and advocacy organizations that have sprouted in the wake of his signing the anti-free speech McCain-Feingold campaign-finance  quot;reform quot; law 	2
Bago bounces back with Arc triumph BAGO restored his reputation when swooping late to land the Prix de lArc de Triomphe at Longchamp yesterday. Unbeaten last season, when he was Europes champion juvenile, the son of Nashwan had been hailed 	1
The Community Around Martha Stewart #39;s Prison Description: Lifestyle maven Martha Stewart is preparing to serve time in the federal prison for women in Alderson, WV NPR #39;s Noah Adams speaks with Hillary and John Benish, proprietors of Alderson Hospitality House -- a hostel for prison visitors -- about 	2
Russia rejects US order barring Yukos auction MOSCOW - Russia is vowing to proceed with an auction of oil giant Yukos #39; key production subsidiary, saying a US court ban is irrelevant.	2
The Health Care Clash Moves to the Next Aisle Supermarkets face a new showdown as labor unions determined to keep health benefits spar with management trying to compete with Wal-Mart.	2
Panel Says Conrad Black Ran a 'Corporate Kleptocracy' Conrad Black and other controlling shareholders of Hollinger used \$400 million for personal perks, a new report says.	2
Poland Rejects Return of Death Penalty (AP) AP - Polish lawmakers narrowly voted Friday against reintroducing the death penalty following a series of killings that outraged the nation, including the case of a young woman who was tortured and killed on a train, then dumped out the window.	0
Lampert Keeps Low Profile As Kmart Chair (AP) AP - For the last year and a half, industry observers have speculated about Kmart Holding Corp. chairman Edward Lampert's plans since the troubled retailer emerged from bankruptcy. On Wednesday, they found out.	2
IBM adds self-healing to WebSphere IBM has released the latest version of the core middleware product of WebSphere, its application server platform, promising new autonomic, or self-healing, features.	3
Continental announces wage, benefit cuts HOUSTON Continental Airlines has finalized wage and benefit cuts and changed some work rules -- to save money. The action comes as Houston-based Continental seeks to achieve 48 (M) million dollars of 500 (M) million dollars in labor cost cuts.	2
Oil dips after touching record \$54 a barrel WASHINGTON: Oil prices retreated slightly yesterday after surpassing \$54 a barrel amid nagging concerns in the market that the global supply buffer is too thin to handle a significant output disruption.	2
African Union Probes Cease-Fire Violation (AP) AP - This small village of mud and straw huts lay ruined and abandoned Sunday, the ground charred, after residents said Sudanese soldiers attacked with a warplane and helicopters, driving farmers from their homes days before a U.N. deadline to end the violence in the ravaged Darfur region.	0
Abbas, clear favourite to succeed Arafat, escapes from Gaza &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; GAZA CITY, Nov 14 (AFP) - Gunmen killed two members of the security services in Gaza City Sunday as PLO chairman Mahmud Abbas visited a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat, underlining fears the Palestinian leader #39;s death could trigger an upsurge in 	0
Google Scores Court Victory Over GEICO  ALEXANDRIA (Reuters) - A federal judge on Wednesday  dismissed a key element of insurer GEICO's trademark  infringement case against online search engine Google Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt;.	2
11th Circuit orders resentencing for HealthSouth exec BIRMINGHAM, Ala. Former HealthSouth executive Emery Harris must be resentenced. That #39;s the ruling from the Atlanta-based 11th US- Circuit Court of Appeals.	2
Trade Deficit Soars; Jobless Claims Rise (AP) AP - The trade deficit jumped to the second-highest level in history as surging demand for foreign oil swamped a small gain in U.S. exports, the government reported Thursday. America's trade gap with China hit an all-time high as retailers stocked up on cell phones, toys and televisions in preparation for Christmas sales.	3
McDonald #39;s CEOs display pattern of chronic disease Embattled McDonald #39;s has lost its second CEO in the past year after Charlie Bell resigned today to continue his battle with cancer.	2
Virus writer gets security job Virus writer Sven Jaschan, who claimed responsibility for the Sasser and Netsky worms, has been given a job at an internet security company.	3
No. 7 Florida St. Tops No. 6 Virginia 36-3 (AP) AP - Virginia was ranked higher than Florida State and looking for its first road win against a top-10 team. The No. 6 Cavaliers couldn't even get a touchdown Saturday.	1
America's Car-Mart's Diversity The used-car retailer stabilizes results with an all-in-one strategy.	2
1st female UK soldier dies in Iraq The first female British soldier has died in Iraq, according to the Ministry of Defence. Staff Sgt. Denise Michelle Rose of the Royal Military Police #39;s Special Investigation Branch 	0
Smartphone Users Offered Free Antivirus The software package from Trend Micro, which will be free through July 2005, protects against viruses and spam and needs regular updates.	3
UF Boosters Support Decision AD Foley had no choice, they agree, but it #39;s a sad day for Gator Nation. By Del Milligan. While two influential Gator football boosters in Polk County expressed sadness at the Monday morning firing of head 	1
No. 2 LSU 64, No. 22 Maryland 51 Sylvia Fowles had 18 points and 18 rebounds, and Seimone Augustus added 23 points to lead No. 2 LSU to a 64-51 victory over No. 22 Maryland in the opening game of the Coors Classic on Friday night.	1
Title party crasher? AUBURN, Ala. -- All Auburn can do now is take care of business the next few weeks and hope the votes and the computer rankings fall its way.	1
Elpida Advances as Shares Start Trading in Tokyo (Update1) Shares of Elpida Memory Inc., Japan #39;s sole large-scale producer of memory chips, rose on their first day of trading in Tokyo on investors #39; expectations a focus on consumer electronics 	2
Australian PM refutes Annan claims Iraq war 'illegal' (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard refuted claims by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan that the Iraq war was  quot;illegal quot;, saying it had been justified by UN Security Council resolutions.	0
CANTOR SUES SAUDIS IN 9/11 PLOT September 4, 2004 -- The firm that lost the most employees in the Sept. 11 attacks yesterday slapped the Saudi government and royal family - as well as al Qaeda -ith a \$600 million federal lawsuit.	2
Computer maker Gateway to repurchase stock from America Online Computer maker Gateway Inc. Tuesday said it has agreed to repurchase stock held by America Online Inc. for \$316 million US. AOL, which is a unit of media and entertainment company Time 	2
Adobe Systems Introduces Acrobat 7.0 The publishing software giant Adobe Systems Inc. today introduced Adobe Acrobat 7.0 software, the company #39;s desktop applications suite for creating and viewing PDF (Portable Document Format) files.	3
Home Depot to Pay \$5.5 Mln in Case  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Home Depot Inc., the world's largest  home improvement retailer, agreed to pay \$5.5 million to settle  discrimination claims brought by some workers at its Colorado  stores, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC)  said on Wednesday.	2
Clorox Swaps \$2.1 Bln, Two Brands to Get Henkel Stake (Correct) Clorox Co., the largest US household- bleach maker, agreed to swap \$2.1 billion in cash, the Soft Scrub and Combat brands and a stake in a joint venture to buy back 61.	2
WTO negotiators finish week of farm talks Negotiators at the World Trade Organization completed weeklong farm talks Friday, part of discussions on ways to reach a wider-ranging liberalization accord by the end of 2005.	2
Manufacturer Gets Help Managing Product Information (TechWeb) TechWeb - Brady Corp. turns to product-information-management software from FullTilt Solutions so it can more easily handle information on thousands of products. The software also helps Brady manage its online catalog.	3
Two sides to Indonesian election JAKARTA A bomb in Jakarta 11 days before Indonesia #39;s presidential election may lead voters to decide a neck-and-neck race based on security concerns.	0
Museum welcomes flesh-eating bugs London museum takes charge of 100 flesh-eating beetles used to strip animal carcasses down to bare bones.	3
To prevent more dirty words, NASCAR needs to clean up its post &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It #39;s not often that the lead item in the blog is NASCAR-related, but we try to be versatile. So let #39;s talk about Dale Earnhardt Jr.	1
Coming Soon -- Gene-Engineered Insects (Reuters) Reuters - Coming soon to a jungle near you --\mosquitoes genetically engineered so they cannot give people\malaria. But this time scientists want to do it right.	3
Argentina Wins First Olympic Gold for 52 Years As the Olympic Games headed into the home straight, Argentina won their first Olympic gold medal in more than half a century when their soccer team beat Paraguay Saturday.	1
Deakes takes a walk into history The 27-year-old took out bronze in the men #39;s 20km walk -- winning Australia #39;s first Olympic medal for walking in almost 45 years. 	1
Relics Taken in the Crusades Returned after 8 Centuries Pope John Paul II yesterday returned two relics taken during the Crusades, who plundered Istanbul (then Constantinople) in 1204, to Fener Greek Patriarch Bartholomeos as a gesture of friendship with the Orthodox Church.	0
The beat goes on in New England Foxboro, Mass. -- As exciting as they are on the field, the Patriots are deathly boring off it.  quot;We don #39;t have a bunch of clowns, quot; safety Rodney Harrison said.	1
Fannie Mae Told to Restate Earnings An official of the Securities and Exchange Commission said Wednesday a review had found that the firm had violated accounting rules and that he had told the mortgage giant to restate its earnings.	2
Najaf Fighting Flares; Sadr Forces Hold Shrine Description: US forces clash again in Najaf with fighters loyal to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr. Efforts by the Iraqi government to reach a disarmament deal with Sadr are at an impasse, and his forces continue to hold the Imam Ali shrine.	0
Denmark to Claim North Pole, Hopes to Strike Oil (Reuters) Reuters - Denmark aims to claim the North Pole\and hunt for oil in high Arctic regions that may become more\accessible because of global warming, the Science Ministry said\Monday.	3
DreamWorks IPO Surges DreamWorks #39; IPO was expected to raise more than US\$812 million in the first IPO by a major movie studio in seven years. Earlier this month, the company debuted  quot;Shark Tale, quot; and it has become a hit generating 	2
BellSouth Prepares Network Upgrade for Video  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - BellSouth Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=BLS.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;BLS.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 3  U.S. local telephone company, plans to upgrade its network to  offer video services and speedier Internet access to about 80  percent its customers by 2009, industry sources said.	3
Edmistone eases into semi-finals Australia #39;s Jade Edmistone has qualified fastest for the semi-finals of the women #39;s 50 metres breast stroke at the World Short Course Swimming Championships in Indianapolis.	1
Kidd Hopes to Practice Next Month (AP) AP - Jason Kidd's recovery from surgery on his left knee is on schedule and the All-Star point guard hopes to practice next month with the struggling New Jersey Nets.	1
Bryans hope for Davis Cup title The season once held so much promise. There were gold medal dreams, Grand Slam possibilities and aspirations of continued dominance.	1
Voq Pro smart phone &lt;strong&gt;&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; review&lt;/strong&gt; A great idea - just a year too late?	3
Carrot offered on nukes, but Iran to say stick it BRITAIN, France and Germany have presented Iran with a package of economic and political incentives as part of a last-ditch attempt to persuade Tehran to abandon its nuclear enrichment program.	0
American Sprinters Show a Mix of Bluster and Speed Shawn Crawford of the United States left the baseball cap at home and no longer needed the showy sunglasses he wore in Saturday morning #39;s first heat.	1
Shoppers offer retailers cheer Retailers generally had a good showing as the Christmas shopping season began last weekend, but Wal-Mart Stores Inc. dampened the holiday mood with a lump of coal as it reduced its projected sales.	2
America #39;s richest man talks tech at UC Berkeley The United States must  quot;rededicate quot; itself to the strength of its universities if the nation is to maintain its place as a world leader in technology and innovation, Microsoft Corp.	2
Chaos marks Arafat burial Mahmoud Abbas, the new chief of the Palestine Liberation Organization, stood at the door of the Egyptian military helicopter and implored the frenzied crowd to move back.	0
Tesco Opens Online Music Store UK retail giant Tesco has decided to launch its own online music store, complete with downloads from thousands of artists and one of the most open sharing schemes on the Internet.	3
Choice rich, time poor Its getting easier and more practical to take your photos without lm. In the second of our ve-part series on high-tech objects of desire, David Derbyshire looks at some of the best options for photographers 	3
Kremlin Oil  amp; Gas Corp In one huge move, the Kremlin has created a global giant, may have resolved the question of Yukos #39; fate, and has undone another part of Yeltsin #39;s legacy.	2
Oil Slides, Najaf Peace Deal Struck NEW YORK - Oil prices fell for the fifth day in a row last week after word of a peace deal in the embattled Iraqi city of Najaf raised hopes of more reliable oil shipments from the energy-rich country and encouraged a run of profit-taking by big money 	2
PDL Rakes It In A robust revenue stream combined with an exciting drug pipeline is the recipe for success.	2
Hedge Fund Is Censured and Ordered to Pay Taxes federal judge ruled yesterday against Long-Term Capital Management, the mammoth hedge fund whose collapse in 1998 roiled world markets, finding that the fund acted 	2
Palestinian candidate says Israeli soldiers beat him Democracy activist Mustafa Barghouti who joins the Palestinian presidential race told reporters on Thursday that he and his bodyguards were beaten by Israeli soldiers on a roadblock in the northern West Bank.	0
Long-awaited Doom 3 hits the UK Doom 3 goes on sale in the UK at a time of renewed concerns over violence in video games.	3
NHS 6.2bn computer system probed Government spending watchdog, the National Audit Office, is to investigate a 6.2bn programme to install a computer system at the NHS.	3
Briefly: RealNetworks loss widens on litigation roundup Plus: SmartDisk expands hard-drive line...Target to sell TiVo DVRs...Unisys signs up Linux allies...LookSmart names new CEO.	3
Clinton Gets Hearty Campaign 'Welcome Back' (Reuters) Reuters - Former U.S. President Bill\Clinton, just seven weeks after heart surgery, received a\rousing welcome back to the campaign trail on Monday at a rally\to rev up core Democratic support before next week's election.	0
Thousands of passengers stranded by cancelled British Airways flights (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Thousands of British Airways passengers have been stranded by cancelled flights and lengthy delays at Heathrow Airport because of staff shortages and technical problems at the airline.	0
Sudan Trying to Keep Darfur Promises-U.N. (Reuters) Reuters - Raids by Sudanese forces and Arab\militiamen have worsened a desperate situation in Darfur,\rights groups say, but the United Nations said Khartoum was\making serious efforts to keep pledges to curb the violence.	0
Musharraf says U.S. must address root of terrorism (Reuters) Reuters - The United States could lose its war on terrorism unless it deals with the poverty and political disputes that give rise to militant extremism, Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf said in an interview on Monday.	0
Champ Twins, Cards chase one more goal: the home-field edge The St. Louis Cardinals and Minnesota Twins, who celebrated clinching the NL and AL Central Division titles on Monday, have the same agenda the last two weeks of the season 	1
EU to lift tariffs on US exports The European Union said Monday it will lift sanctions against US imports following President Bush #39;s decision to remove illegal export subsidies.	2
Teen's eBay con prompts warning Detectives warn internet auction bidders to be wary of how they pay after a teenage fraudster conned customers.	3
Ace performance by Thailand #39;s Thongchai at Mount Juliet Thailand #39;s Thongchai Jaidee aced the 165-yard 11th hole in the WGC-American Express Championship second round on Friday. The 34-year-old former paratrooper used an eight 	1
PeopleSoft Tries Out CRM In A BlackBerry Enterprise Sales for BlackBerry is designed to deliver full application functionality, including alerts on hot sales leads, prescriptive analytics, and remote security.	3
Bonds, Giants snap Braves #39; win streak ATLANTA - The Atlanta Braves may still have the last word this afternoon, but Barry Bonds did all the talking with his bat Sunday night.	1
Deadliest attacks on Iraqi security forces since Saddam fell BAGHDAD, Oct 24 (AFP) - The execution of 43 Iraqi army recruits northeast of Baghdad announced on Sunday is one of the deadliest attacks carried out on the country #39;s fledgling security forces.	0
Chinese hostage rescued, another killed, as Pakistani troops raid kidnappers (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CHAGMALAI, Pakistan (AP) - Pakistani special forces attacked kidnappers holding two Chinese engineers near the Afghan border, killing all five of the al-Qaida-linked militants led by a former prisoner of the U.S. compound in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. One of the hostages survived while the other was killed in Thursday's raid.	0
Enter your e-mail: Humax has announced that it is now shipping its DRT800 Tivo hardware. Humax reps here at the Digital Life trade show claim the DRT800 is the first sub-\$500 three-in-one Tivo device to include a DVD recorder 	3
Troops in Fallujah find terror group's command center BAGHDAD -- US troops sweeping through Fallujah yesterday found what appeared to be a command center used by followers of Jordanian terrorist Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, and a US general expressed confidence the battle for the city has  quot;broken the back of the insurgency. quot;	0
No price cut as Virgin unveils US music download service LONDON - Virgin launches its rival to Apple #39;s iTunes and Roxio #39;s Napster in the US today, although consumers will get no break on price because the service charges the same 99 cents a song to download.	3
China opens up for an Olympian effort FOR most spectators in the Olympic stadium, the lavish closing ceremony in Athens last night was a chance to revel in the self-congratulation and relief that traditionally comprise end-of-games euphoria.	1
American #39;s victory will oust idle Mauresmo MOSCOW -- Lindsay Davenport will take over the No. 1 spot from Amelie Mauresmo when the rankings are released next week after reaching the Kremlin Cup quarterfinals with a 6-4, 6-2 win over Dinara Safina on Thursday.	1
SA restricted on tame pitch Port Elizabeth - England will definitely have been the more satisfied team to leave the field here at St George #39;s Park on Friday after the first day of the first Test against South Africa.	1
South American Soya Explosion Threatens Forests - WWF (Reuters) Reuters - An explosion of soyabean farming in\South America is threatening huge areas of forest and grassland\containing some of the world's richest and most diverse\wildlife, a leading conservation group said on Thursday.	3
Indonesian Editor Jailed Following Libel Conviction A court in Indonesia has sentenced the editor of a leading media group to a year in prison for libeling a controversial businessman.	0
AG probes state health insurers The Massachusetts attorney general's office is investigating the state's health insurance industry over lucrative commissions offered brokers who are supposed to bring employers the best insurance deals.	2
IMF house price warning THE IMF #39;s World Economic Outlook has warned of a possible sharp fall in UK house prices, based on interest rate rises priced into future markets, the market would probably slow down significantly in the next 18 months.	2
Iraqi Government #39;s Peace Talks With Falluja Break Off The chief negotiator for the city of Falluja said Monday that he had called off peace talks with the Iraqi government on the orders of guerrillas who control 	0
Inflation Mild,Mid-Atlantic Factories Off  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer prices rose a slight  0.1 percent in August while activity at mid-Atlantic factories  slumped this month, according to reports on Thursday seen  boosting chances of a pause later this year in the Federal  Reserve's drive to raise interest rates.	2
Nvidia aims to take lead in K8 chipset market with nForce 4 MCP With its recent introduction of the PCIe-enabled Nvidia nForce4 media and communication processors (MCP) for Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) processors, Nvidia expects to extend its lead against other chipmakers for the worlds K8 chipset market, said Drew 	3
Invasion of the Video Game Ads Ad networks target online gamers as next big audience for product placements.	3
Al-Sadr Loyalists Agree to Hand Over Arms BAGHDAD, Iraq - Shiite militiamen loyal to radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agreed Saturday to begin handing in weapons, a significant step toward restoring order in Baghdad's sprawling Sadr City slum as the interim government struggles to curb Iraq's more widespread Sunni insurgency.    In a sign of persistent Sunni unrest, clashes flared in several cities as the search continued for the body of British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who was decapitated by his abductors - reportedly after a failed escape attempt...	0
Annan hurt by son : UN secretary-general Kofi Annan said yesterday he was disappointed his son did not tell him the full story of his ties to a firm involved in the UN oil-for-food programme, now under investigation.	0
Better Health Through Play Health care experts are convinced that games can help people get and stay well, but they don't agree on what's the best approach. By Noah Shachtman.	3
Iraqi vice president looms of imposing the emergency law, Falluja &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; While the American forces are preparing to launch a large- scale attack against Falluja and al-Ramadi, one of the chieftains of Falluja said that contacts are still continuous yesterday between members representing the city #39;s delegation and the interim 	0
Sky Team Has Three New Member Airlines Sky Team, one of the worlds three airline alliances, announced that Continental Airlines, KLM Royal Dutch Airlines and Northwest Airlines officially joined the alliance at its governing board in New York, Monday.	2
Huskies Shut Out Buffalo To Earn Bowl Eligibility EAST HARTFORD, CT (November 20, 2004) - Senior quarterback Dan Orlovsky (Shelton, Conn.), playing in the home final game of his illustrious career, threw for 283 yards, sophomore tailback Cornell Brockington (Burlington, NJ) ran for 136 yards and two 	1
Iraq oil line attacks spark price rise fear THERE were fresh fears over petrol prices today after saboteurs attacked a number of pipelines in southern Iraq. The latest attacks add further pressure on petrol companies to raise prices at the pumps in order to protect their investment.	0
For Google investors, a taste of  #39;90s Shares of the Web search giant leapt 15.43 percent yesterday, on the heels of a 6.33 percent spurt the previous day, even as the broader financial markets continued to retreat.	2
Pirates #39; Bay National League Rookie of the Year After rewriting the Pirates #39; record book, Jason Bay was named the National League Rookie of the Year yesterday by the Baseball Writers Association of America.	1
TiVo, Cable or Satellite? Choose That Smart TV Wisely Though technophiles are the ones who usually like to brag about their electronic toys, recently, even tech novices have started crowing about their digital video recorders.	2
Bill Gates to Seal Unesco Partnership Microsoft chairman Bill Gates will sign a co-operation agreement with Unesco today to improve access to computers, the Internet and IT training in developing countries.	3
Russia #39;s holiday soup MOSCOW: Russia celebrated a holiday on Sunday that under the Julian calendar was in October, that commemorates the beginnings of a state that no longer exists.	0
New virus targets 64-bit version of Windows The virus, dubbed W64.Shruggle by Symantec, seems mainly to be an experiment to test the concept of a 64-bit infecter and is not actively spread, said Alfred Huger, senior director of security at Symantec.	3
Cleric Tells Militia to Turn Over Shrine NAJAF, Iraq (AP) - An aide to radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr said the militant leader instructed his followers late Thursday to turn over the keys of the revered Shiite shrine they were hiding in to top religious ...	0
Asian Americans fight language barrier in US elections (AFP) AFP - When Chungin Chung, an Asian American community leader, was invited to meet US vice-presidential candidate Senator John Edwards ahead of the November 2 election, she was excited but politely declined.	0
Microsoft gets into blog role contest Microsoft Corp. #39;s MSN Internet division late Wednesday debuted a preliminary version of MSN Spaces, designed to bring blogs to the masses.	3
Expos and Marlins set for Chicago matinee CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Montreal Expos might be able to teach the Florida Marlins a thing or two about playing baseball at neutral venues.	1
Czechs list winning for Hlinka their goal TORONTO -- It may be Canada's game -- with an emphasis on may -- but the Czechs like their chances. They've got former Bruin Rosie Ruzicka behind their bench, in the dual role of good-guy coach/good luck charm, and they have the hope of Jaromir Jagr playing at close to full speed.	1
Music industry tries to shut Kazaa down LAWYERS FROM the Music industry are on the attack down under as they try to close the popular P2P software network Kazaa. An Australian federal court was told that the developers of file-swapping technology 	3
Sun Delivers NetBeans 4.1 Access Release Sun Microsystems on Monday gave its NetBeans IDE 4.1 developers a rolling start toward working with the 4.1 version of the product, shipping an early access release that features support for Enterprise Edition 1.4 with EJB and Web services.	3
Nortel Cuts Fewer Jobs, Exits Real Estate Nortel Networks Corp. (NT.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Thursday its cost-cutting plan will save \$500 million in 2005, and even more in future years, as it eliminates fewer jobs than forecast, but plans to exit real estate.	2
For makers of food packages, seconds count Spoons are so old school. And so slow. Harried Americans searching for ways to shave precious seconds have seized on new foods designed to keep them on the go -- no utensils needed. There's soup in heat-and-sip cups. Yogurt in squeeze tubes. Mini cookies in little cans that fit in car cup holders. Even frozen peanut butter and jelly sandwiches ...	2
Vehicle complexity leads to record number of recalls Automakers have recalled more vehicles in the USA this year than ever before, likely more a result of the increasing complexity of cars and trucks and greater vigilance than a lapse in quality.	2
Update 1: BMW to Launch Its New 3-Series in March German automaker BMW will launch a crucial redesign of its mainstay 3-Series in March, the company said Tuesday. The new line is expected to challenge German rival Mercedes and its C-Class cars.	2
Fraud trial for Spanish bank boss The chairman of Spain's largest banking group, Santander Central Hispano, is to stand trial on charges of tax fraud.	2
Citigroup loses three executives Three of Citigroup's most senior executives are to leave the Wall Street heavyweight following last month's closure of its Japanese operations, reports say.	2
BOMB HOAX GROUNDS JET A BOMB threat which forced a Virgin Atlantic flight to land at Stansted Airport yesterday was a hoax, police have confirmed. The airbus, carrying 215 passengers and 18 crew from Hong Kong to Heathrow, was forced to land at Stansted at 5.25am.	0
Attacker slashes twelve Chinese children, cuts own throat BEIJING (AFP) - A man forced his way into a northeast China primary school and slashed 12 young children before cutting his own throat.	0
Pentagon says it will open tanker deal to competition WASHINGTON The Pentagon says it #39;s reopening a controversial deal to supply refueling tankers to the Air Force, dealing a blow to Chicago-based Boeing.	2
Microsoft releases SP2 update for all Windows XP users NEW YORK, August 25 (New Ratings) - Microsoft Corporation (MSFT.NAS) has released its long-awaited Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) security update for its XP Professional users.	3
Vijay Singh win more than 10 million US dollars in one season Singh ended the five-year reign of Tiger Woods as world number one in September, defeating Woods in a man-to-man duel for the Deutche Bank Championship title to confirm his supremacy.	1
Federer faces Hewitt in Masters Cup final Swiss world number one Roger Federer will face Australian Lleyton Hewitt in Sunday #39;s final at Masters Cup after an epic tiebreak 20-18 to seal a 6-3, 7-6 semi-final victory 	1
Dollar weakens as market braces for new deficit figures (AFP) AFP - The dollar softened as traders looked past better-than-expected US retail sales and focused on the likelihood that Tuesday's trade figures will show a record deficit.	2
Carriers to  Cut Fee for Number Transfer Verizon and Sprint have decided to eliminate or reduce a 40-cent-per-line monthly charge imposed to allow customers to transfer their phone numbers to new carriers.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
Jury Rules in Favor of Kodak in Dispute (AP) AP - A federal jury has backed Eastman Kodak Co. in a high-stakes, patent-infringement dispute with Sun Microsystems Inc. over the Silicon Valley company's popular Java programming language.	3
The P word TO denigrate him, the enemies of Venezuelas president, Hugo Chavez, call him a populist, as if that were the greatest insult in the glossary of political science.	2
Google steals a page from Amazon #39;s book search Google Inc. has quietly introduced a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Internet retailer Amazon.	2
Trinidad returns for another bonanza There is no title on the line for the meeting of the former world champions Felix  quot;Tito quot; Trinidad and Ricardo Mayorga at New York #39;s Madison Square Garden tonight, but there seems to be genuine enmity between the fighters and a near sell-out crowd is 	1
Blair may have considered quitting says ally Prime Minister Tony Blair may have considered quitting for family reasons earlier this year at one of the lowest points of his premiership, a close ally has said.	0
Local shoppers hope for wider selection and better quality Kalamazoo-area Kmart customers say that store #39;s merger with Sears could mean stiff competition for retail powerhouses such as Wal-Mart.	2
Economy More Sluggish Than First Thought (AP) AP - Weighed down by high energy prices, the economy was even more sluggish than initially believed during the second quarter. But Federal Reserve policy-makers believe the pace will pick up in coming months, something President Bush is counting on as the election approaches.	2
Seoul says nuclear work not authorized SEOUL The South Korean government insisted Friday that what it called an experiment to enrich uranium at the Korea Atomic Energy Institute in 2000 was an unauthorized experiment by unsupervised scientists.	0
Campaign probe names SF official The No. 2 official at the San Francisco Department of Public Works threatened workers under contract to clean city streets with loss of pay if they didn #39;t campaign for Gavin Newsom for mayor, according to 	3
Yemen Seaports on Alert for Possible Terror Attack (Reuters) Reuters - Yemen has received information that\foreign terrorists are planning to attack its sea ports, a\security source said on Wednesday.	0
Venezuelan Vote Audit Backs Chavez, Finds No Fraud An audit of Venezuela #39;s referendum results has confirmed President Hugo Chavez won the poll fairly and found no evidence to support the opposition #39;s claims 	2
Sudanese peace talks open African Union-sponsored peace talks between Sudan #39;s government and rebel leaders from its war-torn Darfur region began on Monday amid disagreement over the deployment of peacekeepers.	0
Blair backs Brown Tony Blair has given his staunch backing to Gordon Brown #39;s pre-Budget report, insisting that its spending pledges are  quot;fully-funded quot;.	2
Sudan #39;s quest for peace Conflict seems to have become a way of life for Sudan that has struggled to find peace and stability since its independence in 1956.	0
James Walston: I respond. You negotiate. He gives in to terrorism  quot;Qui lo dico, qui lo nego quot; is an Italian maxim much repeated and much used; it means  quot;I #39;m telling you and I #39;m denying it at the same time quot;.	0
Physicists Teleport Photons Across Danube Austrian researchers have teleported photons, or particles of light, for the first time outside a laboratory using the same technological principles imagined by &lt;I&gt;Star Trek.&lt;/I&gt;	3
German Police Foil Plot To Kill Iraqi Premier German police Friday arrested three Iraqis suspected of hastily putting together a failed plot to assassinate interim Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi during his visit for talks with Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder.	0
Rays hand Sox second straight loss The Red Sox lose back-to-back games for the first time in more than five weeks, after a 5-to-2 loss to the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. Rookie Scott Kazmir outpitched Pedro Martinez to lead Tampa Bay.	1
Health Highlights: Sept. 13, 2004 Here are some of the latest health and medical news developments, compiled by editors of HealthDay:    -----       Hearings Begin on Antidepressant Use in Children      Two U.S. Food and Drug Administration advisory panels opened hearings Monday on the controversial issue of prescribing antidepressants for children...	3
Japan Stocks Firm by Midday After Intel  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average rose 0.55 percent by  midsession on Wednesday as some techs including Advantest Corp.  gained ground after Wall Street reacted positively to results  from Intel Corp. released after the U.S. market close.	2
Sudan: Peace Deal Must Tackle Past Abuses (Nairobi, November 18, 2004) - The impunity enjoyed by the Sudanese authorities in their ongoing atrocities in Darfur demonstrates why the near-final peace deal to end the country #39;s North-South conflict must include accountability for human rights abuses 	0
Trajectory Maneuver Brings Genesis Spacecraft Closer to Home Jet Propulsion Lab -- Thirty days before its historic return to Earth with NASA's first samples from space since the Apollo missions, the Genesis spacecraft successfully completed its twentieth trajectory maneuver.     At 12:00 Universal Time (5:00 a.m...	3
Blockbuster to drop late fees Blockbuster Inc., the nation #39;s biggest movie-rental company, said yesterday that it will eliminate late fees on games and movies as of Jan. 1 - but if you keep them too long, you buy them.	2
US expert believes Bin Laden network active in Bosnia (AFP) AFP - Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden is actively directing terrorist cells in the former Yugoslav republic of Bosnia, a top US terrorism analyst told a local daily.	0
Troops capture 34 Iraqis; three Iraqi Guardsmen killed by roadside &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; US troops have captured 34 Iraqis, including 10 wanted for making explosive devices to attack coalition forces, the military said Tuesday.	0
UK's Brown to Urge U.S. to Cut Deficits  LONDON (Reuters) - British finance minister Gordon Brown  said on Thursday he would urge the United States to tackle its  current account and budget deficits, and warned that the weak  dollar was hurting the British and other global economies.	2
United Airlines: We #39;ll strength hubs, pull back elsewhere United Airlines management says it is  quot;substantially accelerating quot; its restructuring plans to add lucrative international routes, strengthen its hubs, and cut back on other domestic service.	2
Report: Islamic Group Says Behind Jakarta Bomb The Jemaah Islamiah group said in a purported Internet statement it carried out Thursday #39;s attack on the Australian embassy in Jakarta, and warned of more unless Australia withdraws forces from Iraq.	0
Howell maintains Cup bid Ryder Cup hopeful David Howell picked up where he left off when the BMW International Open - the final qualifying event for Europes side -esumed in Munich today.	1
Ivory Coast Bombs Rebel Zone Again, War Fears Rise  BOUAKE (Reuters) - Government warplanes and helicopter  gunships pounded rebel-held towns in northern Ivory Coast for a  second day on Friday, fueling fears of a slide into all-out war  in the world's top cocoa grower.	0
Hollywood allies sue DVD jukebox maker A Hollywood-backed technology group is suing a high-end home theater system company, contending that its home DVD jukebox technology is illegal.	3
Bush Document Details Military Departure WASHINGTON - The White House said seven months ago that it had released all the records on President Bush's stateside military service during the Vietnam War, yet new records are still dribbling out as Election Day approaches.    The White House on Wednesday night produced a November 1974 document bearing Bush's signature from Cambridge, Mass., where he was attending Harvard Business School, saying he had decided not to continue as a member of the military reserve...	0
FC Porto Wins Toyota Cup (AP) AP - European champion FC Porto won the Toyota Cup on Sunday, defeating Colombia's Once Caldas 8-7 in a penalty-kick shootout in a game between the top club teams from Europe and South America.	1
Dolphins Want Pay Back The Miami Dolphins have asked Ricky Williams to return \$8.6 million they say the running back owes the team because he has decided to retire.	1
BMC posts profit on technology spending, expense cuts HOUSTON Houston-based BMC Software today swung to a second-quarter profit amid resurgent technology spending and cost cutting. In the quarter ended September 30th, BMC earned 12-point-seven (M) million dollars 	2
28 killed in fighting in N. Iraqi town The death toll rose to 28 and more than 70 were wounded in heavy clashes between the US-Iraqi forces and insurgents in Iraq #39;s northern town of Tall Afar.	0
Rescuers Free Beached Whale in Brazil (AP) AP - Rescuers succeeded in freeing a minke whale that washed up on a beach in southeastern Brazil, the fire department said Thursday.	3
Bush a tyrant, declares Pyongyang ALEXANDER Downer #39;s entreaties in North Korea last week bore bitter fruit yesterday when Pyongyang branded US President George W. Bush a political  quot;imbecile quot; more tyrannical 	0
Economy Hopes Lift European Stocks  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares touched a two-month high  on Monday as investors bought stocks in sectors highly exposed  to the global economic cycle like tech and basic resources  following reassuring U.S. jobs data on Friday.	2
Blasts, gun attacks claim 41 in Assam DIMAPUR / GUWAHATI: In a sudden outburst of violence in Northeast, 41 people were killed and about 140 injured in a series of blasts and firing by militants in Nagaland and neighbouring Assam on Sunday.	0
Nike Profit Up on Strong US Demand Nike Inc. (NKE.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest athletic shoe company, on Monday reported higher quarterly profit on strong demand for its namesake products in the United States.	2
Freebie to boost Powderfinger AMERICANS are downloading Powderfinger #39;s music for nothing this week - and the Brisbane band couldn #39;t be happier. The track Stumblin #39;, from the band #39;s latest album Vulture Street, is the free download of the week on Apple #39;s iTunes Music Store in the US.	3
Search Engine Friendly Design and Coding (Especially Flash) Search Engine Friendly Design and Coding (Especially Flash)\\Its been almost a year since I attended a session of this nature. I was not too impressed last time, so I am hoping things have changed within the year. Brett introduces the panel, by saying its the first time WMW is doing ...	3
No. 19 Fresno St. Beats Portland St. 27-17 (AP) AP - Wendell Mathis rushed for 123 yards and two touchdowns, and Bryson Sumlin added 127 yards in 19th-ranked Fresno State's 27-17 victory over Portland State on Saturday night.	1
Consumers set for huge bill rises British Gas have announced a large bill increase for its millions of customers. The energy giant said household gas bills would rise by 12.	2
Chilean judge halts his questioning of ailing ex-dictator SANTIAGO, Chile A Chilean judge questioned Gen. Augusto Pinochet yesterday about the disappearance of leftist political opponents during his 1973-90 dictatorship, but cut the interrogation short because of the former leader #39;s poor health.	0
National League Game Summary - Houston at St. Louis St. Louis, MO (Sports Network) - Jim Edmonds homered and delivered the go- ahead run in the eighth inning on a sacrifice fly, leading the St.	1
Palm OS PDA Shipments Crash - Windows Mobile (CE) Now #1 In a massive popularity shift, of the 2.8 million PDAs that were shipped globally last quarter, Windows Mobile took a 48.1 market share while the Palm OS took a meager 29.	2
Cavaliers 92, Grizzlies 86 LeBron James punctuated a 31-point performance with a slam in the closing seconds and finished with eight assists and seven steals, leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 92-86 victory over the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday night.	1
O #39;Grady third in stage STUART O #39;GRADY finishedthird behind American David Zabriskie in the 165.8km 11th stage of the Tour of Spain today. Despite a furious chase by the peloton close to the finish, Zabriskie, who had gone it alone 	1
Business School Doles Out BlackBerry Devices Blending technology and education, the University of Maryland #39;s business school will arm its MBA students with Nextel BlackBerry 7510s.	2
5 Pacers and 5 Fans Are Charged in Fight No Pistons players were charged for the Nov. 19 brawl the brother of Detroit's Ben Wallace, was charged for throwing punches at the Pacers' Fred Jones.	1
An IPO Hot Enough for Vegas Many have been expecting the initial public offering (IPO) from the Las Vegas Sands (NYSE: LVS) to be hot. The shares were originally priced at \$20 to \$22 each.	2
Scorecard on the president: A mixed bag President Bush #39;s performance evaluation is underway now, and his scores will be determined by the voters who are weighing whether he has met the goals he set for himself four years ago.	2
Gregan to tour with Wallabies The Wallabies have gained a massive boost with skipper George Gregan making himself available for the coming European rugby tour. The halfback, however, has left the door open to quit the tour should his son #39;s 	1
EDS posts 3rd-qtr loss on Navy contract charge Electronic Data Systems Electronic Data Systems which had delayed its quarterly earnings several times, said on Monday it lost \$153 million in its third quarter after taking a loss on a large Navy contract.	2
Brugnetti upsets the field to win 20km walk Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - The first official track event took place this morning and Italy #39;s Ivano Brugnetti won the men #39;s 20km walk at the Summer Olympics in Athens. 	1
Defense Seen As Key in Auburn-Alabama Game (AP) AP - Alabama has the nation's top pass defense and ranks second overall. No team in major college football allows fewer points than No. 2 Auburn.	1
Schilling-led Red Sox win again, force Game 7 It seemed inevitable for so long, yet so implausible Sunday night: Yankees vs. Red Sox, winner take all. With blood seeping through his sock, a grimace on his face and pride filling his heart, Curt Schilling 	1
Ross #39; fate still pending Senior tailback Lydell Ross resumed practicing Tuesday, but his full reinstatement to the Ohio State roster remains undetermined pending possible charges for theft by deception.	1
German investor confidence stabilises in December on oil price declines (AFP) AFP - Investor confidence in Germany, the eurozone's biggest economy, stabilised, albeit at low levels, in December, as falling oil prices helped offset concerns about the negative economic effects of the strong euro, a new poll showed.	2
School net search throws up porn Sixth formers ask Jeeves for information on the heart and get links to hardcore porn.	3
Kerry Pulls Ad of McCain Smear Complaint (AP) AP - President Bush and Sen. John Kerry bowed to the wishes of popular maverick John McCain on Thursday, as the president embraced the Republican senator's legal fight against big-money special interest groups airing negative ads and the Democratic nominee scrapped a commercial that featured McCain.	0
Six dead in Iraq blasts Six people were killed and eight others wounded Saturday when a car bomb and remote bomb exploded simultaneously next to an Iraqi police academy in Kirkuk, an Iraqi National Guard official told CNN.	0
Bonds #39; 694th homer not enough Barry Bonds continued to edge closer to the magic 700 home run mark Friday night, blasting a three-run homer -- the 694th of his career -- in the San Francisco Giants #39; 5-3 loss to the Atlanta Braves at Turner Field.	1
Mars Express Yields Provocative Observations Europe s Mars Express is gathering data regarding the geological and atmospheric processes on the red planet -- information that might shore up the case that present-day life is percolating subsurface.	3
F1 back to Mexico Starting 2006 The five-year agreement calls for a new 5-kilometer race track just south of Cancun #39;s international airport. Construction of the \$70 million track is expected to begin in January, with the first race possibly taking place in October 2006.	1
Pilots Reach Accord With Alitalia (AP) AP - Pilots at Alitalia agreed Tuesday to nearly double their annual flying hours and accept lower pay  #151; the first breakthrough in talks aimed at keeping the near-bankrupt Italian carrier in business.	0
Honda Takes 45 Stake in British American #39;s F-1 Team (Update1) Honda Motor Co., Japan #39;s third- largest carmaker, said it will take 45 percent stake in British American Tobacco Plc #39;s Formula One team, owning part of a team for the first time in 36 years.	1
Security aide says US will be stronger in Korea after troop withdrawal (AFP) AFP - US national security advisory Condoleezza Rice said that US military power on the Korean peninsula will be stronger even if 12,000 troops are withdrawn under a controversial troop withdrawal plan.	0
Bombers kill 10 in  #39;safe #39; zone Suicide bombers penetrated the headquarters of allied forces in Iraq for the first time yesterday, killing 10 people and provoking an urgent review of security in Baghdad #39;s Green Zone.	0
Former Invesco Chief Agrees to  #36;500G Fine (AP) AP - The former chief executive of Invesco Funds Group has agreed to pay  #36;500,000 to settle civil fraud charges relating to improper trading at the mutual funds company, his lawyer said Wednesday.	2
Cal up to 4th in BCS Rose Bowl or national title game possible for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The absurd notion of Cal playing in the national championship game does not seem so absurd today. Thanks to losses by Miami and Florida State and a significant rise in the Bears #39; computer ranking, Cal rose four spots in this week #39;s BCS standings to No.	1
It All Started With a Good Cup of Coffee Ten years ago last Wednesday, Cafe Cyberia, billed as the world's first Internet cafe, opened in the West End of London.	3
Kerry as the Boss: Always More Questions But the downside to Senator John Kerry's deliberative style is that his campaign has often moved slowly.	0
Stocks Are Mixed on Surging Oil Prices NEW YORK - Stocks were mixed Wednesday as a lower reading on manufacturing activity and rising oil prices chilled an early spate of bargain hunting. Technology shares inched higher despite brokerage downgrades of two semiconductor companies    With trading light, the markets were slow to react to the August reading of the Institute of Supply Management's manufacturing index, which declined to 59.0 in August, lower than the 59.8 percent expected on Wall Street...	0
England #39;s Zimbabwe tour goes ahead JOHANNESBURG, South Africa -- England #39;s cricket tour of Zimbabwe will go ahead after authorities lifted a ban on 13 British journalists, but not in time to save Friday #39;s opening one-day match in Harare.	1
Microsoft Enlists Channel Help For Server, Desktop Management As it strives to improve its reputation in the server and desktop management arena, Microsoft announced on Tuesday Virtual Server 2005 and Microsoft Operations Manager (MOM) 2005 as well as the first public beta of Windows Update Services.	3
Selig Approves Johnson Trade to Yankees (AP) AP - Randy Johnson moved a step closer to joining the Yankees when commissioner Bud Selig approved a proposed trade between Arizona and New York, The Associated Press learned Monday.	1
IMF Approves \$436 Million Loan for Iraq The International Monetary Fund approved a \$436 million loan to Iraq on Wednesday, a milestone in the nation #39;s effort to normalize its finances and rebuild its economy.	2
Insurers escape Hurricane Charley It #39;s hard to see the silver lining to the clouds over Florida at the moment. Soaking debris and destroyed homes, bereaved families and a rearranged landscape are the testament to Hurricane Charley #39;s power. 	2
Struggling Tories and NDP hit Quebec battleground in weekend encounters (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - QUEBEC (CP) - Canada's national opposition leaders played local politics and stole ideas from other parties Saturday as they scoured Quebec for just the tiniest toehold.	0
Former Enron Executive Will Pay \$1.49 Million Enron Corp. #39;s former director of investor relations has agreed to pay \$1.49 million to settle fraud charges related to the bankrupt energy company, US securities regulators said on Wednesday.	2
The Dot-Com Era #39;s Last Gasp: Commerce One Commerce One says it must lay off 56 employees, leaving it with 36 to operate its supplier relationship management business unit. Years of economic devastation have left Commerce One -- once 	2
Hain Celestial #39;s Earnings Meet Estimates MELVILLE, NY - The Hain Celestial Group #39;s earnings matched analysts #39; estimates for the latest quarter, and the natural food company said it expects improved earnings because of price increases and recent acquisitions.	2
Lithuania Shoots Down U.S. in Men's Olympic Basketball  ATHENS (Reuters) - Sarunas Jasikevicius went on a shooting  spree in the last three minutes of play to lift Lithuania to a  94-90 victory over the United States in the men's Olympic  basketball tournament Saturday.	1
Yankees #39; Sheffield blackmailed CBC SPORTS ONLINE - New York Yankees right-fielder Gary Sheffield revealed Tuesday that he and his wife were targeted by a blackmailer.	1
Scientist Advocates for Embryonic Stem Cell Research By KATHARINE WEBSTER     MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) -- A Nobel laureate in medicine says the Bush administration's limits on funding for embryonic stem cell research have stopped the clock on American scientists' efforts to develop treatments for a host of chronic, debilitating diseases...	3
Cassini #39;s Titan Photos Stump Scientists Description: We take a trip out to Saturn #39;s moon Titan. The Cassini space probe paid a close call to the moon this week, and sent back some pictures of the mist-covered planet that have scientists puzzled.	3
Kenyans go 1-2 in a wild finish In a wild sprint to the finish, Kenyan Luke Metto edged countryman Wilson Kigen to win the BAA Half Marathon yesterday, though both were credited with the same time -- a record-breaking 1 hour 2 minutes 57 seconds.	1
Appleby leads by a stroke in South Africa Stuart Appleby of Australia was the only player to break 70 Friday, shooting a 3-under-par 69 that left him with a one-stroke lead over Lee Westwood of England halfway through the Nedbank Golf Challenge.	1
Internet Porn: Worse than Crack? Researchers tell a Senate hearing that internet porn is more addictive and harmful than street drugs. One calls for government-funded research into the 'erototoxins.' By Ryan Singel.	3
A cure for shortage? It #39;s too late for this year #39;s flu season, but a Canadian drug company yesterday said it has agreed to provide influenza vaccines to Henry Schein Inc.	2
Dell warns on fire-risk laptops Computer giant Dell is recalling 4.4 million laptop power adapters in response to worries that they could dangerously overheat. 	3
Soyuz spacecraft with three ISS crew on board lands in Kazakhstan (AFP) AFP - A Russian Soyuz spacecraft bringing back three astronauts from the International Space Station landed in Kazakhstan, Russian space officials announced.	0
Confusion Surrounds Seizure of Iraqi Mosque  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - The fate of a radical Shi'ite  rebellion in the holy city of Najaf was uncertain Friday amid  disputed reports that Iraqi police had gained control of the  Imam Ali Mosque.	0
Iraq Blames U.S.-Led Forces for Army Massacre  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq's U.S.-backed government said on  Tuesday that "major neglect" by its American-led military  allies led to a massacre of 49 army recruits at the weekend.	0
Tabcorp Second-Half Profit Rises 28 on Jupiters Acquisition Tabcorp Holdings Ltd. #39;s second-half net profit rose 28 percent on increased betting on horse races and slot machines, and after extracting more savings from last year #39;s A\$1.	2
Thousands more flee Darfur homes New violence in Darfur has driven some 200,000 more people from their homes, the UN reports from Sudan.	0
Music Industry Is Trying Out Digital-Only Releases Record labels are looking to digital sales as a first step on the road to the larger music marketplace after years of infighting over how to sell music online.	0
Fortson keeps it  #39;simple #39; as Sonics stick it to Spurs Pink bubble gum popped from Danny Fortson #39;s mouth as he moseyed around the KeyArena court on Sunday night. Moving slower than traffic across the 520 bridge, the Sonics forward definitely travels at a different pace than his teammates do.	1
Henman can #39;t wait for Safin Tim Henman is relishing his Masters Cup eliminator against Russian Marat Safin in Houston tonight. The British No1, who lost to Andy Roddick in his opening match at the \$4.45million end-of-season tournament 	1
Armitage warns Ukraine to stage free election US Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage warned Ukraine today that a flawed presidential election could have dire consequences for the country #39;s relationship with the West.	0
Wal-Mart cuts August forecast In a potentially troubling development for retailers, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. warned Monday that sluggish back-to-school sales and the damage inflicted on Florida #39;s west coast by Hurricane Charley 	2
Brazil slashes Mozambique's debt Brazilian president Lula da Silva says his government will cancel 95 - or \$332m - of the debt owed to it by Mozambique.	2
Mass Iraqi grave yields infants, unborn Investigators have unearthed a mass grave in northern Iraq containing hundreds of bodies of women and children believed killed in the 1980s.	0
N.Y. Touts Its Convention Security (AP) AP - The pileup of events in the city next week, including the Republican National Convention, will add to the security challenge for the New York Police Department, but commissioner Ray Kelly says, "With a big, experienced police force, we can do it."	0
Hungary to Withdraw Troops from Iraq by End of March Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsany said the Hungarian contingent will stay until elections are held in Iraq. He said it was not possible, however, for the troops to remain in the war-torn country past the March pull-out date.	0
Check out the world #39;s leading libraries on Google Google is adding the books and papers owned by some of the world #39;s leading libraries to its database in the latest step of its mission to make every piece of information available online.	3
Eurofighter set to boost BAE in 2005 BAE Systems, the weapon system manufacturer, said on Monday that it was expecting a modest performance improvement in 2005, in part because of the results ongoing negotiations with the British government over the Eurofighter programme.	2
Beleaguered Blair faces attacks on all fronts at party conference TONY Blair is today preparing to fight the most potentially damaging threat to his leadership as Labour Party conference begins in Brighton.	0
IAEA informs UN of missing Iraq explosives The head of the UN nuclear watchdog has officially informed the Security Council of some 380 tons of high explosives missing from a weapons dump in Iraq.	0
UConn denies Temple Dan Orlovsky threw for 260 yards and two touchdowns and Cornell Brockington rushed for two scores to lead Connecticut to a 45-31 win over visiting Temple.	1
Straw begins Middle East mission UK Foreign Secretary Jack Straw arrives in Israel for two days of talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders.	0
Hostage negotiators #39; worst nightmare A NEW breed of kidnappers, described as  #39;strategic terrorists #39;, in Iraq has led experts with experience of negotiating hostage releases to admit that lessons from the past may no longer apply.	0
Update 2: Euro #39;s Eclipse of Dollar Is  #39;Unwelcome #39; The euro #39;s growing strength against the US dollar is  quot;unwelcome, quot; the European Central Bank chief said Monday as the 12-nation European currency hovered just below a record high.	2
Explosion in Chinese coal mine kills at least 60 people BEIJING: Rescue workers in central China searched Thursday for 88 coal miners who were missing after a gas explosion ripped through a shaft, killing at least 60 others in the country #39;s deadliest mine disaster this year.	0
Putnam official resigns THE REGION Putnam Investments said Deborah F. Kuenstner, managing director and chief investment officer of the mutual fund firm's Large-Cap Value investment team and International Value team, will leave the company at year-end. Kuenstner has also been an executive board member and management team leader for the \$1 billion Putnam Classic Equity fund. Josh Brooks, chief investment officer of the ...	2
Protesters decry Gaza withdrawal  JERUSALEM -- Thousands of Israelis demonstrated across the country yesterday against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and a small part of the West Bank, hours after Sharon declared the pullout would begin in June.	0
Biaggi sees the light. After three tough races, in which he scored a total of just 10-points, Max Biaggi was back to his best at Sepang on Sunday - when he charged through the lead pack and proved the only rider capable of threatening race winner Valentino Rossi.	1
Filmmaker #39;s Murder May Spell End of Dutch Tolerance Dutch police have apprehended eight suspects (all young Moroccans and Algerians) in the killing of filmmaker Theo Van Gogh (yes, he is related) on Tuesday morning outside his flat in Amsterdam, an act which horrified Dutch citizens.	0
England end Aussie jinx as they move into Champions Trophy final (AFP) AFP - England qualified for the Champions Trophy final after beating world champions Australia by six wickets in Tuesday's semi-final here at Edgbaston to end a run of 14 successive defeats against the world champions.	0
AP: Fund-Raisers Trade With Iran, Iraq (AP) AP - More than two dozen top fund-raisers for President Bush and Democratic challenger John Kerry are current or former senior managers of companies punished for trading with Iran or Saddam Hussein's Iraq  #151; including the chairman of Bush's Homeland Security Advisory Committee and Kerry's fund-raising chairman.	0
Karzai Set to Be Afghan President in Ring of Steel Hamid Karzai was due to be sworn in as Afghanistan #39;s first popularly elected President on Tuesday at a ceremony attended by two of the figures most responsible for easing him into power.	0
Nephew to Get Arafat's Medical Records (AP) AP - Yasser Arafat's nephew arrived in Paris on Sunday to collect the Palestinian leader's medical records, which could explain the cause of his death. Nasser al-Kidwa, who is also the Palestinian representative to the United Nations, would not say when he would collect the records.	0
Court Weighs Legal Rights of Mich. Poor (AP) AP - With backing from a fifth of all states, Michigan asked the Supreme Court on Monday whether a state can refuse to pay for appeals by indigent defendants who plead guilty to crimes.	0
Chelsea off to a flyer LONDON: Coach Jose Mourinho began his quest for a second successive Champions League title in the best way possible when his Chelsea side beat Paris St Germain 3-0 in their opening Group H match on Tuesday.	1
Rice Counsels Patience During Iraq War (AP) AP - Defending President Bush's foreign policies, national security adviser Condoleezza Rice counseled Americans to be "less critical of every twist and turn" in Iraq.	0
 #39;Next Sunday #39; keeps Parcells motivated By lunchtime Thursday, Bill Parcells already had five voice mails from friends, all with pretty much the same message.  quot;They #39;re saying, Hang in there.	1
Martinez begins life as a free man KEY BISCAYNE, Fla. -- One of Pedro Martinez's dreams has been to pitch again for Felipe Alou, who managed him in Montreal and now guides the Giants.	1
International finale at RFK? With RFK Stadium being transformed into a baseball stadium for at least the next three years to house the former Montreal Expos, tonight #39;s World Cup qualifier between Panama and the United States 	1
Boston Responds to Rodriguez's Slap With Knockout Punch of Its Own The Slap. That is what most of New England will gleefully remember about Alex Rodriguez now that the Boston Red Sox have shocked the Yankees.	1
Iraq suicide bomber kills three men of Black Watch By Richard Lloyd Parry at Camp Dogwood and Michael Evans, Defence Editor. THREE soldiers of the Black Watch battle group were killed yesterday in the first fatal suicide bomb attack against British troops in Iraq.	0
Supermarket chain Loblaw #39;s profit up 18 at \$258M with merchandise &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Cost-cutting and a further shift toward higher-margin general merchandise in new stores helped Loblaw Cos. Ltd. grow its quarterly profit by 18 per cent, executives at Canada #39;s biggest supermarket chain said Friday.	2
Coach Dave Leitao agrees to six-year contract extension at DePaul CHICAGO - DePaul men #39;s basketball coach Dave Leitao has agreed to a six-year contract extension, the university announced Friday.	1
Dreamworks trio in US wealth list Founders of Dreamworks film studio  feature on Forbes' 2004 list of the richest 400 people in America.	0
Shell bosses in a charm offensive THE senior management of Royal Dutch/Shell is starting a whirlwind tour of shareholders and staff. They aim to boost morale and explain plans to unify the company ahead of the vote on the shake-up at next May #39;s annual general meeting.	2
Indonesian human rights activist who died on flight was poisoned &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A leading Indonesian human rights campaigner who died mysteriously in September was poisoned, it emerged yesterday. Munir suddenly fell ill on a flight from Singapore 	0
Colgate Cuts 2nd-Half Profit Forecast as Costs Rise (Update9) Colgate-Palmolive Co., the world #39;s largest toothpaste maker, said second-half profit will fall because of higher marketing costs to fend off Procter  amp; Gamble Co.	2
2 Palestinians, Israeli killed GAZA: Israeli troops killed two Palestinian gunmen in Gaza on Tuesday and militants shot dead an Israeli soldier in the West Bank.	0
Today's NFL games PITTSBURGH at NY GIANTS Time: 1:30 p.m. Line: Steelers by 10. Records: Steelers 12-1, Giants 5-8. Vs. spread: Steelers 10-1-2, Giants 5-8. Series: Giants lead, 43-27-3. Comments: Think the Giants knew Ben Roethlisberger was available on draft day when they broke the bank and traded for Eli Manning? . . . All Big Ben has done this year is complete ...	1
Customers flex bargaining muscles Sometimes you don #39;t have to dress up as a superhero to get what you want. While some are scaling London #39;s most famous landmarks to make their point on paternal access rights, IT buyers are taking a more practical approach to lobbying vendors.	2
Terror mastermind obtained visa to visit Australia, government admits (AFP) AFP - Terror mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed used one of his many aliases to obtain a tourist visa to visit Australia a month before the September 11 attacks in the United States which he plotted, the government said.	0
Oil Prices Skid as U.S. Winter Stays Mild  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices slid on Monday on  expectations that more mild U.S. weather at the start of the  New Year will limit heating oil demand.	2
Bankruptcy looms as US Airways seeks last-ditch cost savings US Airways Group scrambled to find cost savings to avoid tumbling back into bankruptcy, an event industry analysts warn could come as early as this weekend.	2
U.S. groups accuse China of failing to stop intellectual property abuses (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - BEIJING (AP) - Adding to pressure for China to stop rampant product piracy, two major U.S. business groups complained Thursday that abuses are getting worse and warned that lack of patent and copyright protection is hurting high-tech investment.	0
Big German banks hit by phishing attacks Two of Germany's biggest banks, Postbank and Deutsche Bank, were the targets of coordinated phishing attacks last week.	3
India #39;s greatest Think patience and perseverance. And then turn your attention to Indian cricket. There is one man, Anil Kumble, who instantly comes to mind.	1
Sources: EU Probes Oracle, PeopleSoft  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission has resumed  its probe of Oracle's \$7.7 billion hostile attempt to buy  PeopleSoft in a bid to complete approval before Competition  Commissioner Mario Monti leaves office, sources familiar with  the situation said on Thursday.	2
India ; Kalam shows the moon as answer to energy problems India News, MOON can be an immense source of solar energy and minerals, feels President APJ Abdul Kalam. Addressing the Sixth International Conference on Exploration and Utilisation of Moon in the Lake City 	3
Soccer: Another defeat could see England coach Pole-axed VIENNA - England head into Thursday #39;s World Cup qualifier against Poland knowing a repeat of their mistakes in a 2-2 draw with Austria could leave them looking for a new manager.	1
SunTrust Fires Credit Executives Over Reserve Errors (Update4) SunTrust Banks Inc., the eighth- largest US bank, fired its chief credit officer and two other executives and said it made numerous errors #39; #39; in determining how much to set aside for bad loans in this year #39;s first half.	2
Cendant breaks off mortgage unit talks The real estate and travel company says it will continue to look for a buyer of its mortgage business. 	2
EU delays disputed GMO decision, says time not ripe The European Commission put off Wednesday a controversial decision on levels of genetically-modified organisms (GMO) in seeds in the EU, in a move welcomed by environmental lobbyists.	2
House blocks overtime rules In a sharp rebuke of a new administration policy, the House moved yesterday to block the Labor Department from carrying out overtime rules critics argued could deprive millions of workers of overtime pay.	2
Telstra to split network TELSTRA will make a dramatic corporate restructure in a bid to appease the competition watchdog and win over wary Nationals as the telco readies for its \$30 billion full privatisation.	2
Schumacher's 2004 Ferrari to Be Auctioned Off  LONDON (Reuters) - The Ferrari that Michael Schumacher  drove to victory in the first five races of the 2004 Formula  One season is to auctioned off at the Italian team's Maranello  headquarters in May.	1
Florida E-Vote Study Debunked Statisticians release an analysis debunking a previous Berkeley study that said President Bush received more votes than he should have in Florida counties that used touch-screen voting machines. By Kim Zetter.	3
Ohio State Routs Indiana  COLUMBUS, Ohio (Sports Network) - Troy Smith threw for 161  yards and two touchdowns, leading the Ohio State Buckeyes to a  commanding 30-7 victory over the Indiana Hoosiers in Big Ten  action from Ohio Stadium.	1
Mars rovers getting old, but they keep on rolling NEW YORK Aging but still on the go, climbing in and around craters, tapping into the mysteries of strangely cracked rocks, the two roving vehicles Spirit and Opportunity have explored Mars about three times as long as originally scheduled and keep finding 	3
Dell closer to using AMD chips Dell president and chief executive officer Kevin Rollins indicated that the company is considering including Advanced Micro Devices processors in its server roster in the foreseeable future.	3
Europe lines up for TV innovation High-definition television is set to take off in Europe in the coming year, say TV executives.	0
Brother Confirms British Hostage Is Dead BAGHDAD, Iraq - British hostage Kenneth Bigley, who pleaded tearfully last month for Prime Minister Tony Blair to meet his kidnappers' demands, was beheaded by his captors, his brother said Friday.   "We can confirm that the family has now received absolute proof that Ken Bigley was executed by his captors," Philip Bigley said in a statement he read on national television in Britain...	0
Medtronic Quarterly Net Up CHICAGO (Reuters) - Medtronic Inc. (MDT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday said its quarterly earnings rose on brisk demand for devices that manage irregular heart beats and products used to treat the spine. 	2
Local telecoms The area #39;s three major communication equipment makers said Wednesday they are optimistic about the proposed merger of Sprint Corp.	2
Dialing up better college test scores Software sends SAT prep questions to your child's handset--and lets you check to see whether they're getting the answers right.	3
Earnhardt remains in control He follows team orders, stays clean late in race to win, steps up in chase for title. By Mike Harris. AVONDALE, Ariz. -- Dale Earnhardt Jr.	1
RSA predicts looming identity crisis A DIRECTOR of technology for security outfit RSA Security has warned online customers are not  quot;authenticated enough quot; and there needs to be moves towards toward a mandated identity policy.	3
US sweeps away slide in volleyball The United States had lost nine straight Olympic matches, dating to the Atlanta Games in 1996. Clay Stanley made sure it didn't continue.	1
McKenzie over-takes Hughes in Melbourne Australian David McKenzie upstaged some illustrious rivals with an eight-under-par 64 to lead going into the final round of the Australian Masters in Melbourne.	1
Cleveland Indians Team Report - August 24 (Sports Network) - The struggling Cleveland Indians try to halt a season-high eight-game losing streak tonight, as they host the New York Yankees in the second of a three-game series at Jacobs Field.	1
Dell Takes Aim at Blade Server Market In a long awaited move, Dell has finally re-entered the blade server market with the release of the Dell PowerEdge 1855 server system.	3
Benitez calls for tackling clampdown LONDON (AFP) - Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez has asked English referees to give his players greater protection from what he says are poor tackles.	1
Sox travel to St. Louis The Red Sox are halfway to capturing something that #39;s slipped just out of reach since 1918 -- the World Series trophy. Boston is gearing up for Game Three Tuesday night when they send Pedro Martinez to the mound against St.	1
Bush Asks Another  #36;691M in Hurricane Aid (AP) AP - President Bush asked Congress Tuesday for an additional  #36;691 million to aid victims of hurricanes and other natural disasters as the election-year price tag for recent emergencies surged toward  #36;13 billion.	0
Bush's Foreign Aid Programs at Juncture (AP) AP - Amid the discord over administration foreign policy, President Bush has won wide acclaim for two initiatives: helping overseas AIDS victims and countries that adopt democratic reforms.	0
Yukos Turns to US Court in Last-Ditch Effort to Prevent Sell-Off Russian officials Wednesday shrugged off the decision by embattled oil giant Yukos to file for bankruptcy protection in the US, saying the move was politically motivated.	2
BEA #39;s WebLogic Bolsters Partners #39; Offerings BEA Systems Inc. is planning to release this week a new version of its application suite targeted at its ISV partners. WebLogic Platform ISV Edition is an integrated suite that features core BEA technology 	3
Cisco offers IP connector for Microsoft CRM Cisco Systems this week said it had co-developed with Microsoft an application that helps small and medium-sized businesses connect Microsoft #39;s customer relation management 	3
India warned over Australia Tests Cricket authorities say there must be TV pictures for next month's India-Australia Test series to go ahead.	0
Yahoo! gives! away! free! desktop! search! Yahoo! has licensed the X1 search software for Windows from tech incubator Idealab, in an attempt to compete both with Google #39;s browser-based desktop search download, and the current leader Copernic.	3
Rocket failure refuels dream of \$10 million Other people might have been discouraged, but Eric Meier and Phillip Storm have been upbeat since their 23-foot-long Rubicon 1 rocket blew up last month in a test flight near Queets, Wash.	3
Putin Arrives in Turkey on Historic Visit President Vladimir Putins visit to Turkey on Sunday will highlight a thaw in relations between the one-time Cold War foes and focus on trade, investment and energy deals, the Reuters news agency reports.	0
Howard pledges anti-terror squad Australian prime minister John Howard proposes an anti-terror force which could be deployed elsewhere in Asia.	0
The VHS is Dead Ronnie Coote writes  quot;The UK #39;s largest retailer of electronics is phasing out VHS VCRs. Sales of DVD players have outstripped VCRs by 40-to-1 recently.	3
Trinidad returns as requested, will face Mayorga For the last two-plus years, Felix  quot;Tito quot; Trinidad did as he pleased. He spent time with his wife and children. He ate very well, rode his horses and went to cockfights and boxing matches with his friends.	1
Thai woman #39;s bird flu raises fears virus is passed between humans A THAI woman was yesterday diagnosed with bird flu after her sister and niece died with symptoms of the virus, raising the possibility that the illness had passed from human-to-human for the first time.	0
French leader backs cooperation with Britain but maintains stance &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Europe needs to become a power on the international stage, able to stand alongside the United States in shaping a fairer world order, President Jacques Chirac of France said last night.	0
Pak won #39;t give up Kashmir: Musharraf Islamabad: As Islamabad and New Delhi resume back channel diplomacy with the visit of a senior Pakistani official to India for talks with National Security Advisor JN Dixit, Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf declared his country would not give up Kashmir 	0
South Korea chip makers face US probe into price fixing SEOUL: South Korean microchip makers said they face a US investigation into a price-fixing conspiracy in which German maker Infineon technologies has already suffered heavy fines.	2
Foreign Observers See Problems in Election (Reuters) Reuters - Substantial threats to the integrity\of the U.S. presidential election remain despite an improvement\in election practices since 2000, an international delegation\of election observers reported on Thursday.	0
Semiconductor Sector Slides, Stocks Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Thursday, led by a  decline in the technology sector following a batch of sales  warnings from chip makers and a jump in oil prices to nearly  \$43 a barrel.	2
Joe Davidson: Access to Info in Kobe Bryant Trial Description: Jury selection got underway Friday in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault trial in Eagle, Colo. News organizations have argued that limits on media access inside the courtroom does not let them fully cover the story.	1
Intel Sees Web Buckling, Invests in New Systems Intel Corp. (INTC.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday outlined its vision of the Internet of the future, one in which millions of computer servers would analyze and direct network 	3
China #39;s Sun Yingjie wins women #39;s world half-marathon China #39;s Sun Yingjie clocked 68 minutes and 40 minutes to win the women #39;s individual title of the world half-marathon championships here Sunday.	1
N Koreans storm Beijing mission A group of 40 people, thought to be North Koreans, force their way into the Canadian embassy in Beijing.	0
STANFORD NOTEBOOK Gilbertson gives edge to Stanford Washington coach Keith Gilbertson, whose team lost to Notre Dame and Stanford the past two weeks, thinks Stanford (3-1) might have some advantages in its game Saturday at Notre Dame (3-2).	1
Online Resources to Buy N.J. Firm Online Resources Corp., a McLean Internet banking and bill payment company, agreed to buy Incurrent Solutions Inc. of Parsippany, N.J., for \$15 million in cash and stock.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
Britain Charges Suspects in U.S.-Linked Terror Case (Reuters) Reuters - Britain charged eight men on Tuesday\with conspiracy to murder and other terrorism charges, some\relating to plans for U.S. buildings such as the New York Stock\Exchange that were the subject of terrorism alerts this month.	0
The Home PC, Perfected Three times is a charm, and never is this truer than with Microsoft products. With its brand new Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 operating system, Microsoft may have unleashed the perfect OS for a home PC.	3
Strong performance by Liu improves NBA hopes BEIJING: Chinas basketball hopeful Liu Wei improved his chances of becoming the first Asian point guard to make the NBA after putting in a spirited performance with the Sacramento Kings in the defeat by the Yao Ming-led Houston Rockets.	1
Research in Motion sets Vodafone BlackBerry pact Research In Motion Ltd. (RIM.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it will introduce the newest version of its popular BlackBerry wireless email device in Europe and 	3
Sarkozy, Clement to discuss Thales, EADS in Berlin on Tuesday BERLIN : Rumours of a possible tie-up between French defence electronics group Thales and the European Aeronautic, Defence and Space Company (EADS) are to be discussed by the German and French economy ministers later this week, a German government 	2
Canada #39;s Bombardier Fires CEO Tellier Canadian trains and planes manufacturer Bombardier Inc. fired its chief executive officer on Monday and its share price dropped to record lows.	2
Citigroup Elevates Krawcheck to CFO Post  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; named Sallie  Krawcheck chief financial officer on Monday, extending her  reach across the world's largest financial services company and  bolstering her image as Wall Street's most powerful woman.	2
Mars satellite finds clues to once-deep ocean It wasn #39;t anywhere near as big as Noah #39;s worldwide flood -- but evidence is pouring in from a Mars-orbiting satellite that a vast plain on the Red Planet must once have held a deep ocean bigger than all the Great Lakes put together.	3
Hantuchova wins; Pierce loses in Zurich Zurich, Switzerland (Sports Network) - Slovakian Daniela Hantuchova highlighted Monday #39;s first-round winners, while former top-10 star Mary Pierce of France was among the losers at the \$1.	1
FCC Majority OKs Cingular-AT T Wireless  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A majority of the U.S. Federal  Communications Commission has voted to conditionally approve  Cingular Wireless' proposed acquisition of AT T Wireless  Services Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AWE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AWE.N&lt;/A&gt;, a source familiar with the matter said  on Wednesday.	2
NASA Studying  #39;Rain Man #39;s #39; Brain SALT LAKE CITY Nov 8, 2004 - NASA scientists are studying autistic savant Kim Peek, hoping that technology used to study the effects of space travel on the brain will help explain his mental capabilities.	3
Sharapova Advances to Korea Open Semis (AP) AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova reached the semifinals of the Korea Open on Friday with a comfortable 6-2, 6-1 win over Australian Samantha Stosur.	1
UK anti-terror law ruled illegal Detaining foreign terrorist suspects without trial breaks human rights laws, the UKs highest court ruled on Thursday. In a blow to the governments anti-terror measures, the House of Lords ruled by an 	0
Hollywood to Help NASA Catch Space Probe In a meeting of the cinematic with the scientific, Hollywood helicopter stunt pilots will try to snatch a returning NASA space probe out of the air before it hits the ground.	3
Afghans want real election Before Shugofa Beheshti decides who to vote for in Afghanistan #39;s October 9 presidential election, she wants to hear what the candidates have to say.	0
US consumer prices post first decline in eight months WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- US consumer prices declined marginally in July, posting the first fall since last November, the Labor Department said in a report released Tuesday. 	2
Hungarian fencing referee suspended for two years A Hungarian fencing referee was expelled from the Olympics and suspended for two years Sunday after making several errors during Saturday night #39;s gold-medal match in men #39;s team foil.	1
BAR put up for sale. The BAR Formula One team has officially been put up for sale by administrators Simon Morris and Andrew Hosking - but only to aid the restructuring of the team that will see Honda take a 45 stake in the Brackley based outfit.	1
 #39;Falling dollar to hit Germany, Japan most #39; BERLIN: A communique from the G20 group of rich and developing countries made no explicit reference to currency swings on Sunday, despite mounting concern in Europe and Japan over a slide in the US dollar to multi-year lows.	2
Official Campaign Opens in Afghan Presidential Poll  KABUL (Reuters) - The official month-long campaign for  Afghanistan's first-ever direct presidential election opened on  Tuesday in what will be a major test of U.S.-led  nation-building efforts since the 2001 ouster of the Taliban.	0
ConocoPhillips wins Lukoil bid MOSCOW _ US oil giant ConocoPhillips paid nearly \$2 billion for a stake in Russia #39;s second-largest oil producer Wednesday, a deal touted as Russia #39;s biggest post-Soviet privatization and 	2
Some 60 Hippos Die Mysteriously in Uganda (AP) AP - Some 60 hippos have died from an unknown cause in the past two months in one of Uganda's national parks, an official said Tuesday.	3
China Makes Debut as Villeneuve Returns  SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Formula One goes back to the future on  Sunday with former champion Jacques Villeneuve making his race  return in the first grand prix held in China.	1
Background to the Sudan conflict Sudan is the largest country in Africa and has a population of almost 28 million. About 60 per cent are Muslim, a quarter are animist and 15 per cent Christian.	0
Hollywood Wants File Sharers to Fade Out The movie industry announced today it will launch its first wave of lawsuits later this month against those it alleges are illegally sharing copyrighted films on the Internet, following its 	3
BERNIE LEAVING CF HOT OFFSEASON TOPIC The challenge Kenny Lofton posed to Bernie Williams a year ago turned out to be a bug versus windshield. However, if the Yankees ink free agent Carlos Beltran he will be 	1
US rules out deals with Afghan kidnappers A senior US official said on Wednesday deals should not be done with hostage-takers ahead of the latest deadline set by Afghan Islamic militants who have threatened to kill three kidnapped UN workers.	0
Quattrone wins reprieve from jail US banker Frank Quattrone wins the right to stay out of jail pending an appeal against an 18-month sentence for obstruction of justice.	2
U.S. Plans Crackdown on Piracy, Counterfeiting  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is cracking down  on the growing trade in counterfeit and pirated goods that  costs U.S. businesses hundreds of billions of dollar annually,  U.S. government and industry officials said on Monday.	3
Eagles Set for Pack Attack Dec. 3, 2004 - Of the six teams the Packers have beaten during their winning streak, only Minnesota has a winning record. The Packers get a true gauge of their standing Sunday at Philadelphia.	1
Nokia acquires assets, establishes Austin office Austin-based Metrowerks Corp. has sold one of its development lines to Finland #39;s Nokia Corp. (NYSE: NOK) for an undisclosed amount.	3
Red Sox lead 2-0 over Cardinals of World Series The host Boston Red Sox scored a 6-2 victory over the St. Louis Cardinals, helped by Curt Schilling #39;s pitching through pain and seeping blood, in World Series Game 2 on Sunday night.	1
Blast at Egyptian Resort Kills at Least 20 A massive explosion tore off the front of a seaside hotel in the Egyptian resort of Taba late Thursday, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 100 in what appeared to be a terrorist attack aimed at Israeli tourists, officials said.	0
Oil, chips to crimp stocks Rise in oil prices ahead of OPEC meeting, sales forecasts by 2 chipmakers send futures lower. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Stocks will struggle early Thursday due to another rise in oil prices ahead of Friday #39;s 	2
Beckham Sets Comeback Date David Beckham is targeting a return from injury next week in the hope that he can be fully fit in time for Englands forthcoming friendly against Spain.	1
Improved Latham to leave hospital Federal Labor leader Mark Latham will leave hospital on Saturday at midday after being given the all-clear by doctors. 	0
Ibrahim: The  #39;iceman #39; Who Became Iraq #39;s Most Wanted Fugitive BAGHDAD, Sept 5 (AFP) - Izzat Ibrahim al-Duri, Saddam Hussein #39;s deputy whose capture was announced Sunday, is 62 and riddled with cancer, but was public enemy number two in Iraq for the world #39;s most powerful military.	0
Rattay expects to play Sunday for 49ers Quarterback Tim Rattay expects to return to the San Francisco 49ers #39; starting lineup Sunday after a two-week absence. Rattay separated his throwing shoulder during San Francisco #39;s season opener Sept.	1
Sanctions cannot solve crisis in Sudan The threatened sanctions championed by the United States and the European Union (EU) on Sudan could not help solve the crisis in the African country, saida leading Chinese newspaper Thursday.	0
Cincinnati drivers stuck in the slow lane Commuters in the Cincinnati metropolitan area waited an average of 38 hours in traffic tie-ups in 2002 -- making it the 27th most congested large city in the nation, according to a report by the Texas Transportation Institute.	2
US Suit Against Tobacco Makers Goes to Trial Major cigarette makers go on trial on Tuesday in the US government #39;s \$280 billion racketeering case that charges the tobacco industry with deliberately deceiving the public about the risks of smoking since the 1950s.	2
ADV: Mortgage Rates Drop to 6-Month Low \$150,000 mortgage for only \$610/month. Lower your mortgage. Free quotes. Apply now - bad credit OK.	2
Russia okays forced sale of Yukos arm Govt sets minimum price at \$8.6 bn, against Dresdner Kleinwort Wassersteins lowest fair value of \$15.7 bn. The Russian government on Friday approved the forced sale of the main subsidiary of Yukos, the 	2
Johnson Controls Earnings Rise 24 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Johnson Controls Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JCI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JCI.N&lt;/A&gt;, on  Tuesday said quarterly earnings rose 24 percent on growth in  both its automotive interiors and building controls businesses.	2
Microsoft files first authenticity certificate lawsuits SEATTLE A central Pennsylvania company is named in a lawsuit filed by Microsoft on claims of counterfeit and illicit certificates of authenticity.	3
An Arctic alert on global warming Global warming is heating the Arctic at a rapid pace - with impacts that could range from the disappearance of polar bears #39; summer habitat by the century #39;s end to a damaging rise in sea levels worldwide.	3
To the beat of drums, African woman receives Nobel Peace Prize The first African woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize, environmental activist Wangari Maathai, received her award Friday to the beat of drums and 	0
IBM and Intel to open up blade specifications SEPTEMBER 02, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - In an effort to encourage hardware vendors to build components for the blade platform they co-developed, Intel Corp.	3
Titan #39;s Drumroll Please Imagine an oil drum the size of a school bus with an antenna on top. That description paraphrases how Cassini points mechanically at Saturn and its moons.	3
Zee to file petition in SC Zee Telefilms is expected to file a petition in the Supreme Court today against the Board of Control for Cricket in India #39;s (BCCI) decision to cancel a tender awarded to it to telecast Indian cricket team #39;s matches over the next four years.	1
Rangers win, then draw old rivals GLASGOW, Scotland -- Rangers returned to the top of the Scottish Premier League with an impressive 3-0 win over struggling Dundee, then learnt that would face old firm rivals Celtic in the third round of the Scottish Cup.	1
Schilling #39;s Ruptured Ankle Tendon Repaired BOSTON Nov 9, 2004 - Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling had surgery Tuesday to repair his injured right ankle. Schilling pitched Game 6 of the American League Championship Series and Game 2 of the World Series 	1
Cisse suffers suspected leg break Liverpool #39;s Djibril Cisse was taken to hospital with a suspected broken left leg after being stretchered off against Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park.	1
Fossil of last great ape ancestor found Paleontologiosts from the Miguel Crusafont Institute of Paleontology and the Diputacisn de Barcelona in Barcelona, Spain have found a fossil of a new ape species called Pierolapithecus catalaunicus, or its close relative that might have been the last 	3
Montoya fears cancelled GP qualifying Formula Ones top stars are braced for bad weather this weekend in the Japanese Grand Prix at Suzuka. Weather forecasters predict a typhoon will hit Suzuka on Saturday in time to wreck qualifying and the 	1
Cambodian leader to beg king to stay on throne Cambodia #39;s national assembly president left for China on Saturday to beg King Norodom Sihanouk to change his mind about abdicating, but left open the option of a new monarch being appointed.	0
Twisted Physics: How Black Holes Spout Off (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Black holes are complex beasts. Among their mysterious traits are intense jets of matter that sometimes shoot out from the rotational poles at nearly light-speed.	3
Jury Selection to Begin in Kobe Bryant Rape Trial Jury selection begins in the Kobe Bryant rape case on Friday when hundreds of potential jurors fill out a questionnaire to help determine if they can sit in judgment in a trial involving race, sex and celebrity.	1
Captive asks Blair to please help me' (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - Appearing on video haggard and terrified, the kidnapped director of CARE International's Iraq operations made a desperate plea for her life Friday, urging British Prime Minister Tony Blair to withdraw troops from Iraq so she could win freedom from her captors.	0
Rogge Warns Five 2012 Bid Cities To Stop Bickering The five cities bidding to host the 2012 Summer Olympic Games should heed the advice of Jacques Rogge, President of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), when he meets with the candidate cities Friday morning.	1
Dodgers Beat D'backs 4-1 in 13 Innings (AP) AP - Steve Finley hit a three-run double in the 13th inning in his return to Arizona, lifting the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 4-1 victory over the Diamondbacks on Tuesday night.	1
YEARENDER: Phelps Shines Brightest on Biggest Stage  SYDNEY (Reuters) - It is lucky for Michael Phelps that he  is blessed with broad shoulders and an arm span like the wings  on a jumbo jet. Not only does it enable him to swim like a fish  but it also helps him to carry the burden of his own great  expectations.	1
Google Print to challenge Amazon Google will make the first major business move since its August flotation today when it launches a new search tool that will help publishers to sell books.	3
The Politics of Time and Dispossession Make a commitment to subscribe, donate and/or place all of your book and other product orders from Amazon.com and others through MMN Shopping web-site by clicking here.	0
Marines die in  #39;death triangle #39; TWO US marines and at least three insurgents died south of the Iraqi capital, the first casualties of a US-led sweep of the so-called  quot;death triangle quot;, a marine spokesman said today.	0
UN court rules Milosevic must keep lawyers, but can lead his own &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; THE HAGUE (AFP) - Judges at the UN war crimes court ruled that former Yugoslav president Slobodan Milosevic can lead his own defense but must retain lawyers who were appointed by the tribunal in The Hague against his will.	0
Siebel moves toward self-repairing software Siebel Systems wants to cut the costs of tending its software by teaching the programs to manage themselves.	3
Turning over a new leaf in New York Before Pakistan #39;s President General Pervez Musharraf and Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh met last Friday in New York on the sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly 	0
Red Hat To Get Netscape Security Assets for \$25 Million Leading open source vendor Red Hat said it will acquire certain security-related assets of Netscape Security Solutions from America Online for US\$25 million.	3
Marlins Win at Temporary Home in Chicago (AP) AP - Chased out of Florida by Hurricane Ivan, the Marlins were forced to play a home game on the road and still cut their gap in the NL wild-card race. Florida rallied with six runs in the bottom of the eighth inning, taking advantage of four Montreal errors to beat the Expos 6-3 Monday at U.S. Cellular Field.	1
Boston Scientific Stent Gets Extension Medical-device maker Boston Scientific Corp. said Thursday that the Food and Drug Administration approved an extended shelf life of nine months for its Taxus Express2 drug-eluting coronary stent system in the United States, up from six months. 	2
Sudanese rebel movement says peace talks have collapsed (AFP) AFP - One of two rebel movements engaged in peace talks with Sudan's government mediated by the African Union (AU) said the negotiations over the Darfur region had collapsed and could be suspended for weeks.	0
New York Times Co. cuts earnings outlook The New York Times Co. told investors yesterday that its fourth-quarter and full-year earnings would miss Wall Street estimates on weaker-than-expected advertising in the fourth quarter and higher costs for promotion, printing, distribution, and newsprint.	2
Japan to Keep Troops in Iraq Despite Hostage Case  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi  said Wednesday he would not withdraw troops from Iraq despite a  threat by a militant group to behead a Japanese hostage within  48 hours unless Tokyo pulled its forces out.	0
Howard Stern will bring his show to satellite radio Howard Stern says he #39;s taking his show to his fans -- and away from federal regulators. The shock jock says he #39;ll head to Sirius satellite radio when his contract with Infinity Broadcasting 	2
Italy Lights the Path for the Olympic Torch Christmas on the island of Sicily, New Year #39;s eve at the bay of Naples. Italy mapped out Tuesday a two-month-long journey for the 2006 Winter Olympics torch, which will cross 	1
Russia Offers Reward for Rebel Information MOSCOW - Russia offered more than \$10 million for information that helps "neutralize" two well-known rebel leaders from breakaway Chechnya accused of planning the school hostage standoff that killed at least 326 people last week, news agencies reported Wednesday.    The reports of the reward came a day after Russians got a horrific glimpse of the drama from video footage filmed by the militants who captured the school in southern Russia...	0
U.S. Treasury Prices Are Mixed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices were mixed on  Wednesday as economic data proved tepid and demand for an  auction of two-year notes was thin.	2
Travel Vets Launch Beta of  #39;Google for Travel #39; Veterans of Orbitz, Travelocity and Expedia have teamed to launch a new travel search company, Kayak.com, a public beta of which launched this week.	3
DNA evidence in Kobe Bryant case may have been contaminated The prosecution said it had found contamination in DNA  quot;control quot; samples intended to guarantee that testing was accurate.	1
Rate Rises  #39;Could See House Prices Slump #39; Rising interest rates could trigger a house price crash in the UK, the International Monetary Fund warned today. The Washington-based group said the 	2
Bears place Tucker on injured reserve LAKE FOREST, Ill. - The Chicago Bears placed guard Rex Tucker on injured reserve with a hamstring injury on Tuesday and signed safety Jason Shivers from the St.	1
Condominiums for Businesses Fill a Niche in California The dot-com collapse in Silicon Valley has contributed to the emergence of a previously obscure class of office building: the commercial condominium.	3
Lucent Says Earnings More Than Triple Lucent Technologies Inc. (LU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , among the world #39;s largest makers of telecommunications equipment, on Wednesday said its fourth-quarter earnings 	2
Bobcats will slowly bud into winner They exist in their original form for only one year, then they evolve into a more advanced life form. Sixteen of the extant NBA franchises first drew breath as expansion teams - Chicago, Cleveland, Dallas 	1
Terror suspects win privacy right \Terror suspects held at the US military base at Guantanamo Bay must be allowed to meet privately with their lawyers, a federal judge has ruled.	0
Update 16: Oil Prices Pass \$54 on Supply Concerns Oil prices surpassed \$54 a barrel Tuesday due to nagging concerns in the market that the global supply buffer is too thin to handle a significant output disruption.	2
Blair backs India's quest for permanent seat on UN Security Council (AFP) AFP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair has backed India's quest for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council as well as having it join talks with G-8 countries on climate change and African development.	0
PIMCO Adviser in \$11.6 Mln SEC Settlement  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The PIMCO mutual fund group's  adviser and two affiliates will pay \$11.6 million to settle  U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission charges involving  improper "revenue-sharing" payments to brokers, said a source  familiar with the case on Wednesday.	2
Dynamic duo grab double glory Athens: New Zealand doubled its Olympic medal tally in sensational style yesterday as Hamish Carter and Bevan Docherty blitzed the men #39;s triathlon to plunder gold and silver on the Athens waterfront.	1
Tommy Hilfiger Agrees to Acquire Karl Lagerfeld Label (Update2) Tommy Hilfiger Corp., known for its logo-splashed clothing and baggy jeans, agreed to buy the Karl Lagerfeld label to expand into luxury wear with apparel brands developed by the German-born designer.	2
Azeri to take on the boys in Breeders #39; Cup Classic Grand Prairie, TX (Sports Network) - Former Horse of the Year Azeri will run against the boys Saturday in the Breeders #39; Cup Classic.	1
Iraqi PM #39;s cousin released by kidnappers: TV Kidnappers have released Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi #39;s cousin after taking him hostage for 12days, the Arabic-language al-Arabiya TV channel reported Sunday.	0
The Search Engine Report - Number 95 Search Engine Watch editor Danny Sullivan recap of top search engine stories from September and early October 2004.	3
Xavi - netted Barca #39;s third. (Getty Images) Barcelona came from a goal down to thrash Real Zaragoza in a one-sided Primera Liga match at the Nou Camp on Thursday and go level on points with champions Valencia at the top.	1
Badgers' Starks Goes From Goat to Hero (AP) AP - Making the most of second chances is second nature to Wisconsin senior Scott Starks.	1
Death toll in China mine blast reaches 77; search for survivors continues (AFP) AFP - The death toll from a devastating coal mine gas explosion in central China's Henan province rose to 77 as rescuers continued to search for any survivors, state media reported.	0
Abbey a step closer to takeover The hopes of Spain's largest bank to secure Abbey National have been given a boost after the City watchdog said it saw no reason to block the deal.	2
Greeks leave hospital to face music Kostas Kederis and Ekaterini Thanou, the Greek sprinters who, it is alleged, deliberately evaded four drugs tests, left hospital yesterday with Kederis having been treated for scratches and Thanou with no visible injuries. 	1
Portable panels mean power in your pocket London - European scientists have developed light, flexible solar panels that could be sewn on fabrics and placed on surfaces to charge objects ranging from cellphones and DVD players to batteries.	3
Astronomers Observe Collision of Galaxies, Formation of Larger &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; An international team of astronomers has obtained the clearest images yet of the merger of two distant clusters of galaxies, calling it one of the most powerful cosmic events ever witnessed.	3
Chirac sends foreign minister to Middle East to negotiate on Iraq hostages (AFP) AFP - French President Jacques Chirac said that he would immediately dispatch his foreign minister to the Middle East to help negotiate the release of two French journalists kidnapped in Iraq.	0
Sinden: Owners in lockstep on lockout Harry Sinden didn't want to say,  quot;I told you so, quot; because he didn't see there was anything to be gained from it.	1
Rescuers scramble to help survivors of Philippines floods; more than 650 killed (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - REAL, Philippines (AP) - Helicopters delivered food to famished survivors and picked up casualties as flash floods began to recede, revealing the magnitude of a disaster triggered by back-to-back storms that left more than 650 people dead and nearly 400 missing in the northern Philippines.	0
Digital Driving Kodak, Shares Up Eastman Kodak Co. (EK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday raised its growth forecast on digital products and services, the areas the photography company is depending 	2
Economy Expands Despite Rising Oil Prices Rising energy costs drove up US consumer prices a larger-than-expected 0.6 percent in October, while industrial output and housing starts rebounded strongly from the prior month.	2
Turin Winter Games Chief Defends Budget Gap Turin #39;s Olympic Committee needs to raise another 65 million euros from sponsors to meet targets for the 2006 Winter Games, its chief said on Monday after reports of a huge 	1
Report: Islamist Group Frees 18 Iraqi Soldiers  DUBAI (Reuters) - An Islamist group has released 18 Iraqi  soldiers it had captured and threatened to kill unless an aide  to Shi'ite rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr was released, Arabic  television Al Jazeera reported Monday.	0
Stocks Cautious Amid High Oil Prices NEW YORK Sept. 29, 2004 - US stocks are seen in a cautious mood at the open as investors take on board a persistently high oil price and reflect on Tuesday #39;s poor consumer confidence reading.	2
Crude Oil Rises After Nigerian Unions Call Strike to Cut Supply Crude oil futures rose in New York after unions in Nigeria, the fifth-biggest supplier to the US, called a strike this month to disrupt the country #39;s oil exports.	0
Earthquakes rattle western Japan AN earthquake measuring 7.3 on the Richter Scale hit western Japan this morning, just hours after another strong quake rocked the area.	0
US Airways reaches deal with union US Airways Group Inc. and the dispatchers #39; union reached a tentative agreement yesterday on a contract that supports the bankrupt airline #39;s transformation to a low-cost carrier.	2
Brown Says He May Never Get Over Athens (AP) AP - Larry Brown didn't have much time to enjoy his first NBA title. After coaching the Detroit Pistons to a surprising victory over the Los Angeles Lakers, Brown focused all his energy on getting the U.S. basketball team ready for the Olympics. Much to his dismay, the Americans came home with just a bronze medal.	1
Astros Pinning Hopes on Untested Pitcher Houston put their hopes in a pitcher untested in the postseason when they give Pete Munro the ball to start Game 2 of the N.L. Championship Series tonight.	1
Jury says wife killer should die A California jury recommends that Scott Peterson should be executed for murdering his wife and their unborn son.	0
Bryant Ends Drought, Wins Texas Open Bryant closed out the Texas Open with a 3-under 67 Sunday to claim his first PGA Tour victory by three strokes against Patrick Sheehan.	1
American League Game Summary - Seattle at Oakland Ichiro, with 914 hits since his rookie year in 2001, is currently on pace to set the record for most hits over any four-year span in the majors.	1
UK Police arrest Cisco hack suspect UK Police have arrested a 20-year old man in Preston on suspicion of stealing source code from Cisco Systems. The arrest under violation of the Computer Misuse Act 1990, follows Cisco #39;s admission in May that 	3
Agassi, Ljubicic advance in Madrid Masters Ivan Ljubicic edged No. 7 seed Joachim Johansson in three sets Friday to reach the semifinals in the \$3 million Madrid Masters. The unseeded Croatian, who knocked out top seed Tim Henman 	1
Mourinho Keeps Close Tabs on Players Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho believes vigilance is the key to knowing whether a player has developed problems outside of his footballing life.	1
MLB: Atlanta 6, Houston 5 JD Drew extended Atlanta #39;s season Sunday by driving in the go-ahead run in the ninth as the Braves rallied to down Houston, 6-5.	1
GB boss defends swimmers Britain's swimming coach Bill Sweetenham defends his team's record in Athens.	1
Militants Release 26 Hostages in Russia MOSCOW - Militants released 26 women and children Thursday from the school in southern Russia where they are holding more than 350 hostages, the rescue operation's headquarters said.    Lev Dzugayev, an aide to the North Ossetian president, announced the release of three women and three infants...	0
Treasuries Up, Indirect Bidders Buy Big (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury prices built on early\gains on Wednesday after an auction of five-year debt drew\surprisingly strong demand from indirect bidders, which include\foreign central banks.	2
Intel P4 Extreme Boosts Performance off the Clock The Extreme Edition bears out Intel #39;s announcement last month that it would look beyond increased clock speed.  quot;The problem is, if they keep the clock speed and increase the bus speed, they #39;ll 	3
Election apology starts net feud A website that apologises to the world for the US election results has been hugely successful.	3
Lycos fights spam with screensaver Lycos is offering its customers a screensaver that helps to launch denial-of-service attacks on spammers #39; websites. The controversial move is designed to use the idle processing power of a computer to slow down the response times from spammers #39; websites.	3
Hanson chasing number six Australian swimmer Brooke Hanson will be chasing her sixth gold medal at the World Short Course Championships in Indianapolis later this morning.	1
 Students Follow the Music to Apple Laptops Jefferson Graham writes for USA Today,  #147;Apple #146;s trendy iPod digital music player, which has revitalized the company, is giving laptop sales a boost during back-to-school season. Many students, after falling in love with the iPod, are packing for college with new Apple Macintosh computers. #148; Aug 23	3
AT  Wireless unveils messaging-only handheld The company says the device, dubbed the Ogo, won't be bogged down by features that are "hardly used."	3
DoCoMo turns to mm02 for a UK i-mode data service Japanese mobile giant DoCoMo has turned to mmO2 to offer its i-mode data service, according to sources. Reuters reports a source confirming a basic agreement to launch the service following mmO2 #39;s CEO Peter 	3
IAEA Won't Guarantee Iran Probe Deadline VIENNA, Austria - The head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog agency said Tuesday that he cannot guarantee his probe of Iran's suspect nuclear activities will be complete by November, the deadline sought by the United States and its European allies...	0
Miami Reluctantly Plays Preseason Finale (AP) AP - The Miami Dolphins reluctantly played their exhibition game at New Orleans on Friday, not wanting to leave their families, friends and homes as Hurricane Frances neared the eastern coast of Florida.	1
SEC, NASD Probe Gifts to Executives  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. market regulators are looking  into gifts of Super Bowl tickets, private jet rides, wine and  expensive golf outings by brokerage firms to mutual fund  executives, officials said on Tuesday.	2
Terror suspect killed during interrogation in Pakistan ISLAMABAD, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- A Pakistani religious leader, allegedly linked with the al-Qaeda terrorist network, has died here in police custody, local media reported Thursday. 	0
U.N. Condemns Rebel Capture of Darfur Town (AP) AP - The United Nations has condemned the rebel capture of a town in Darfur province, saying it violates a cease-fire agreement and jeopardizes the lives of tens of thousands of people who will not receive aid because of the fighting.	0
Sharon vows to stop rockets Gaza City, Gaza Strip - Israel #39;s premier warned that his army #39;s largest operation in Gaza in four years would expand, after troops left dozens of dead and rows of houses destroyed, aiming at stopping Palestinian rocket attacks on border towns.	0
Confirmation Hearings for Rice Pushed Back (Los Angeles Times) Los Angeles Times - At the White House's request, confirmation hearings for Condoleezza Rice as secretary of State will not begin until Congress reconvenes in January, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee said.	0
Cricket: England beat Australia England put on a fantastic display of cricket to beat world champs Australia to the Champions Trophy final. Team skipper Michael Vaughan was named man of the match as England crushed Australia by six wickets.	1
After Arafat, peace has chance It is uncertain just how history ultimately will judge Yasser Arafat, the erratic but charismatic Palestinian leader who died this week in Paris at age 75.	0
Rog still best Retirement is once again pulling at Roger Clemens. Only this time, he thinks he actually might follow through on it for more than a few months.	1
Sports: (6) Wisconsin 24 Northwestern 12 MADISON, Wis. Sixth-ranked Wisconsin is 8-and-0 for the fourth time in 115 years of football. Anthony Davis rushed for 117 yards and two touchdowns on 31 carries as the Badgers beat Northwestern 24-to-12.	1
Stelios enters online music fray The founder of Easyjet has confirmed he is entering the online music market in a partnership with UK-based Wippit. Stelios Haji-Ioannou #39;s move comes as Microsoft and Yahoo revealed challenges to the likes 	3
Finish tarnished by silver ATHENS, Greece -- It was death by a thousand cuts. If you can describe taking silver instead of gold as  quot;death. quot; ...	1
No. 3 LSU Outguns Maine 81-50 in Opener (AP) AP - Seimone Augustus scored 17 points and third-ranked LSU opened the season with an 81-50 victory over Maine in the Women's Sports Foundation Classic on Thursday.	1
11.10 / 17:48  0 President Roh says N. Korea won #39;t  #39;go to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Astana - Hanoi, October 11 KAZINFORM -- President Roh Moo-hyun said Monday he did not expect North Korea to go to extremes over the issue of its nuclear weapons development program.	0
Dirrell tattoos Cuban for medal Andre Dirrell already honored his grandfather by getting a tattoo of his face on his back. Pretty soon he #39;ll be able to share an Olympic medal with him, too.	1
Steps to climb out of debt For those sinking in a flood of unpaid loans, don #39;t lose hope. Many people have gone before you and made it out. Simply put, there are debt-defying actions you can take.	2
Kiwis in command SKIPPER Stephen Fleming marked his record-breaking Test appearance today with a solid unbeaten 87 that put New Zealand in command on the first day of the second cricket Test against Bangladesh.	1
Knicks: Isiah decides to put Houston #39;s return on hold Allan Houston #39;s comeback was put off one more time yesterday, when the Knicks shooting guard announced he will not be activated for tonight #39;s game against the Memphis Grizzlies 	1
Montavista claims real time support for Linux mobile 'Linux set to assume the role of a universal platform'	3
I Rushed The Irish After 30 years of coming up short in Notre Dame Stadium, the Boilermakers took the fight out of the Irish early to remain unbeaten (4-0), winning 41-16.	1
Mining giant goes to court to avert hostile takeover South African mining giant Gold Fields on Friday said it has filed a complaint in a New York court against rival Harmony to try and stop it from continuing with a hostile takeover to create the world #39;s largest gold producer.	2
USC, Miami atop first BCS rankings When the Bowl Championship Series committee set out in the summer to reorganize the formula by which the BCS standings are calculated, it decided to give more weight to the human polls than the computer rankings.	1
Even Humbled by Error, Dan Rather Has His Thorns Dan Rather offered an apology for a report on President Bush's service, but not a personal accounting.	0
Martinez blasts ex-teammate Schilling Newly signed New York Mets pitcher Pedro Martinez leveled criticism of former Boston Red Sox teammate Curt Schilling, telling the Boston Herald he #39;s much better and that Schilling was off-base when talking about Martinez #39;s workout regimen.	1
Hot Stove Truth  amp; Rumors: Nov. 18, 2004 No sooner had the Tigers introduced Troy Percival on Wednesday as their new closer than the subject turned to the next former Angel in whom the Tigers are interested -- Percival #39;s friend, Troy Glaus.	1
Iraqi PM Says Sticking to January Election Plan Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said on Sunday elections would be held on schedule in January despite a surge in violence and more than a score of hostages under threat of death from insurgents.	0
Grand Theft tipped to top games chart When the violent video game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas hits stores on Tuesday, its sales could eclipse Hollywood #39;s most successful films, even as it draws the ire of critics.	3
Zeeland #39;s Kaat to be considered for Hall The Zeeland native made the final ballot of 25 players to be considered by the Veterans Committee. The results will be announced March 2. Kaat, who could not be reached for comment, won 283 	1
Under Ridge, Color Alerts and Mixed Security Reviews Tom Ridge leaves with a record of progress, but his successor faces daunting challenges that critics say were largely ignored.	0
Nortel cutting 950 jobs in Canada, mostly in Ottawa, among total &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Nortel Networks gave details of previously announced job cuts Thursday, saying it is cutting 950 jobs in Canada - almost 10 per cent of its workforce in this country-and 1,400 in the United States among a total of 3,250 to be eliminated 	2
Existing Home Sales Surge in September Sales of existing US homes surged an unanticipated 3.1 percent in September on low mortgage rates, and sales would have been even brisker had hurricanes not hit the south, a trade association said on Monday.	2
Suit advances against investor in automaker Billionaire investor Kirk Kerkorian must face a DaimlerChrysler AG shareholder's claims that the businessman wrongfully sold shares in the automaker after obtaining insider information, a judge ruled.	2
Mideast peace process to top agenda of Blair #39;s US trip Middle East would top the agenda of British Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s upcoming trip to the United States as Blair is trying to revive the peace process in the region, Downing Street said on Monday.	0
Registered Traveler extended indefinitely A pilot test of a program to expedite passenger screening and increase airline security has been successful enough to be worth continuing for the foreseeable future at five airports, Transportation Security Administration officials said.	3
Archeologists divided over  #39;Home floresiensis #39; Archeologists are at odds over the discovery of the skeleton of a dwarf-sized human species on the remote island of Flores, which is said could rewrite the history of human evolution.	3
Brutal Haddin hundred seals two points Brad Haddin blasted a career-best 154 from 162 balls in a brutal display to earn New South Wales first innings points against Victoria at the Junction Oval.	1
NetInterlink Offers Schools a Way to Stay on Track Parind Raval and Siamak Asgari spent six years working for a variety of technology companies while seeking a niche that would allow them to start their own business. Two years ago, Asgari met a school-system official who mentioned the need for an effective student management system in public schools.	3
Death toll rises to 48 in Japan #39;s typhoon strike Typhoon No. 23 has killed at least 48 people and left 33 missing as of Thursday noon, the NHK TV station of Japan reported Thursday.	0
Agassi Plows Ahead On a day when the French Open men's and women's champions lose and blame their defeats on fatigue, a bouncy, energetic Andre Agassi advances to the weekend for the 14th time in 19 U.S. Open appearances.	1
The first to go THE wheels of the managerial merry-go-around have been well and truly greased with the swift sacking of Paul Sturrock at Southampton.	1
Wal-Mart Lowers August Sales Forecast Wal-Mart had previously expected same-store sales to grow between 2 percent and 4 percent during the month. Today it gave a range from flat to up 2 percent.	2
Maine shuts out Wildcats Junior Jimmy Howard and freshman Matt Lundin combined to make 24 saves yesterday as Maine blanked New Hampshire, 3-0, in a Hockey East game before a sellout crowd of 5,641 at Alfond Arena in Orono, Maine.	1
Cardinals Best When It Matters the Most After leading the majors with 105 regular-season victories, the St. Louis Cardinals entered the playoffs expecting to win the World Series.	1
Row blamed as Danon quits BT Pierre Danon is quitting as head of BT Retail to become the chief operating officer at French computer consultants Cap Gemini, furthering suggestions of a split in the telecoms giant boardroom.	2
Wal-Mart Same-Store Sales Up 2.4 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, on Thursday said sales at stores open\at least a year rose 2.4 percent in September, slightly higher\than its preliminary report but still toward the low end of its\forecast range.	2
Bush and Kerry Differ on State of Economy BROADVIEW HEIGHTS, Ohio - Good news, or bad? President Bush and Democrat John Kerry had differing takes Saturday about the vitality of the nation's jobs market - a question that's heating up this year's race for the White House.    Bush, campaigning in Ohio - a pivotal state that has lost tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs, says a new U.S...	0
UConn accepts bid to Motor City Bowl Connecticut is headed to the Motor City Bowl, the Huskies #39; first postseason as a Division IA team. The Huskies (7-4) will play the winner of Thursday night #39;s Mid-American Conference title game between Toledo (8-3) and Miami of Ohio (8-3).	1
Sprinter Earle Connor suspended from Paralympic team pending CCES &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ATHENS (CP) - Canadian sprinter Earle Connor has been suspended from the Canadian Paralympic team pending the final review of his positive drug test by the Canadian Centre for Ethics in Sport.	1
Air-India Plans to Buy 50 New Aircraft (AP) AP - The board of national carrier Air-India on Wednesday approved the purchase of 50 new aircraft as part of an ambitious expansion program, an airline spokesman said Wednesday.	0
Update 4: Tokyo Stocks Fall After Three-Day Rise Tokyo stocks sank on Monday as the dollar #39;s fall against the Japanese yen and euro and the benchmark stock index #39;s three-day rally prompted investors to lock in profits on blue chip exporters.	2
Abu Hamza accused of inciting hate and murder ABU HAMZA AL-MASRI, the radical Muslim cleric, was charged yesterday with 16 offences of encouraging murder, stirring up race hatred and possessing a terrorist document.	0
Barnes Upset About Helping Bush Avoid War (AP) AP - Former Texas House Speaker Ben Barnes' recollections over how he helped President Bush get into the Texas Air National Guard during the Vietnam War have evolved over the years from fuzzy to distinct, with him now expressing remorse for what he did.	0
Games maker Eidos delays launch Tomb Raider creator Eidos delays the launch of a new game in the run up to the all-important Christmas trading season.	3
McAfee to buy Foundstone for \$86M McAfee Inc.'s purchase of Foundstone follows several moves in the past year to focus its product offerings and bolster its standing in the intrusion detection and prevention market.	3
No. 3 Auburn Downs Tennessee for SEC Title  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Jason Campbell threw for a  career-high 374 yards along with three touchdowns as  third-ranked Auburn stated its case for a spot in the Orange  Bowl with a 38-28 victory over No. 15 Tennessee in the  Southeastern Conference Championship at the Georgia Dome.	1
HP bags \$500 million outsourcing deal European commercial bank WestLB turns to Hewlett-Packard to manage its worldwide tech services.	3
Militants used grenade attacks to lure Black Watch into deadly &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By Kim Sengupta in Baghdad and Richard Lloyd Parry in Camp Dogwood, Iraq. The attack was carried out with deadly thoroughness, and took planning that illustrated the depth of the militants #39; information.	0
Surly Safin slumps out of St Petersburg Top seed and crowd favourite Marat Safin was knocked out of the St Petersburg Open quarter-finals on Friday, falling 6-4 6-1 to Michael Llodra.	1
Report lays part of blame for Concorde crash on Continental Airlines (AFP) AFP - A French legal inquiry into the July 2000 Concorde crash outside Paris that killed 113 people presented findings Tuesday that put part of the blame on the US airline Continental.	0
Former US attorney to probe Boston police pepper ball shooting An independent panel headed by former US Attorney Donald K. Stern will investigate the death of a college student who was shot by police using pepper pellet guns to subdue rowdy Red Sox fans after the team won the American League pennant.	1
Apple releases AirPort 4.1 software Apple Computer has released AirPort 4.1, an update to the drivers for its wireless networking hardware running under Mac OS X v10.3.	3
New U.S. Offensive Could Backfire in Iraq  LONDON (Reuters) - Fierce guerrilla attacks in Iraq and  U.S. assaults on rebel bastions have unleashed a new wave of  bloodshed that threatens to discredit the interim government  and undermine prospects for fair elections in January.	0
Caterpillar Union Rejects Contract Offer  CHICAGO (Reuters) - The main union at Caterpillar Inc. said  its members voted on Sunday to reject the construction  equipment maker's contract proposal, the second time this year  the workers have voted against an offer.	2
Africa ; France airlifts evacuees from Ivory Coast Africa News, France on Monday was shutting down one of the largest evacuations in post-independence Africa - a five-day airlift that flew more than five thousand Westerners and others out of Ivory Coast.	0
Arnold Vetoes Privacy Bill California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger says the bill, which would have required businesses to tell employees that their e-mail and internet usage were being monitored, was overly broad. By Mark Sullivan.	3
US, European Officials Await Decision on Iranian Nuclear Program The International Atomic Energy Agency could act to resolve a dispute over Iran #39;s nuclear program Monday. European negotiators and Tehran have been working behind closed doors to strike a deal.	0
Musician #39;s Group Questions Pew Survey The Recording Artists Coalition, which represents musicians signed by major studio labels, sharply condemned a report released Sunday by the Pew Internet  amp; American Life Project, which claimed that about half of all musicians think that burning a copy of 	3
Europe likely to opt for biometric passports If current plans succeed, travelers' facial and fingerprint data will be stored on embedded chips.	3
Voiding Giambi's Deal Easier Said Than Done The Yankees would like to void Jason Giambi's contract, but they continue to face serious roadblocks.	1
United Tech seeking holder support for its bid LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Shares of Kidde, the British fire safety equipment maker, surged for a second day on Friday on speculation investors will see an improvement to a 1.3 billion pound (\$2.	2
Oil price rise a cloud on Wall Street #39;s happiness on results US STOCKS vacillated yesterday as rising oil prices muted Wall Streets excitement over strong results from Lehman Brothers and Sprints \$35 billion acquisition of Nextel Communications.	2
U.S. Dad Wins Custody Battle in France (AP) AP - A 4-year-old girl at the center of a trans-Atlantic custody battle that drew attention at the highest levels of French government was turned over to her American father on Friday.	0
FCC to review steamy intro to  #39;Monday Night Football #39; WASHINGTON - The US Federal Communications Commission is reviewing whether the steamy locker-room opening to ABC #39;s Monday Night Football this week warrants a full-blown investigation.	1
Sudan conflict under UN spotlight UN Security Council  diplomats are in Kenya to push for a Sudan peace deal and progress on Darfur.	0
Forsyth leading Volvo Masters SOTOGRANDE, Spain -- Alastair Forsyth shot a 4-under 67 to open a three-stroke lead over Ian Poulter and Sergio Garcia after three rounds at the Volvo Masters.	1
Who #39;s Afraid of Kmart and Sears? Not Target LET #39;S assume that the merger of Kmart and Sears is exactly what it #39;s being sold as: a way to combine the remaining strengths of two well-known but struggling retailers.	2
Indonesia Reduces Jail Sentences of Militants (Reuters) Reuters - Six convicted Indonesian militants\linked to the deadly blasts in Bali in 2002 have received a two\month reduction of their jail sentences by President Megawati\Sukarnoputri, a prison warden said on Tuesday.	0
Lessons from Hollinger fiasco Hollinger International Inc. #39;s special committee #39;s report that details the apparent abuse by senior executives at the company, primarily Conrad Black and David Radler, is the latest in a series of scandals that have shocked corporate boardrooms across the 	2
Adrian Beltre Hits His 40th Home Run Adrian Beltre's first five full seasons in the majors were marked by stretches of inconsistency and only flashes of power potential. This year, the Los Angeles Dodgers' third baseman has become one of baseball's most prolific sluggers...	0
Oil: Reason Behind Coup Bid THE men exposed as plotting a coup in Equatorial Guinea are the scum of the earth. Next time someone demands that the West should  quot;take over and sort out Africa quot;, remember this scandal and the real face of Western intervention it reveals.	0
O #39;s ink veteran Palmeiro for 2005 season Baltimore, MD (Sports Network) - The Baltimore Orioles have agreed to terms with veteran first baseman/designated hitter Rafael Palmeiro Wednesday to a one-year contract.	1
Parliament, Court Yet to Defuse Ukraine Crisis A top Ukrainian opposition leader, quoted by Interfax-Ukraine news agency, said supporters of presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko had withdrawn from talks on last week's disputed election.	0
Red Crescent aid convoy enters Fallujah A Red Crescent convoy of emergency supplies entered Fallujah on Saturday amid fears of a growing humanitarian crisis in the Iraqi battle zone as a massive US led offensive against rebels entered its sixth day.	0
China Hints U.S. Must Return Guantanamo Separatists  BEIJING (Reuters) - Beijing has hinted that if the United  States releases any Guantanamo Bay detainees from its restive  Muslim far west Xinjiang region, they should be handed over to  Beijing and not sent to a third country.	0
Baghdad Bombings Kill 35 Children BAGHDAD, Iraq - A series of bombs killed 35 children and seven adults Thursday as U.S. troops handed out candy at a government ceremony to inaugurate a new sewage treatment plant...	0
Revolution in fighting mood The Revolution are apparently prepared to fight to extend their season. Clint Dempsey and Pat Noonan shoved each other and flailed away briefly yesterday at the Gillette Stadium practice field, while the team prepared for tomorrow's playoff game against the Columbus Crew.	1
Ad spending predicted to rise Fueled by optimism for a growing US economy, two advertising forecasters yesterday predicted notable gains for the industry next year, despite the absence of the presidential 	2
SI.com #39;s BJ Schecter breaks down a key Big 12 showdown The Sooners #39; offense is so dangerous because it has an array of weapons and can beat teams in a number of ways. Fantastic freshman Adrian Peterson is the nation #39;s top running back, rushing for at least 100 yards in all seven games.	1
Crematory Operator to Plead Guilty A former crematory operator accused of dumping 334 bodies and passing off cement dust as ashes has agreed to a plea deal requiring him to serve no more than 12 years in prison, the Associated Press learned Tuesday.	2
HBOS calls for bank tie-up probe HBOS asks the European Commission to look at Spanish bank BSCH's relationship with the Royal Bank of Scotland.	2
Oil Rises to Record on Reduced Gulf of Mexico Output, Imports Crude oil in New York rose to a record \$53.80 a barrel after the US said some production shutdowns in the Gulf of Mexico caused by Hurricane Ivan may last as long as six months.	2
Secrets of a Salty Survivor You can learn a lot from a microbe. Right now, a tiny critter from the Dead Sea is teaching scientists new things about biotechnology, cancer, possible life on other worlds. And that's just for starters.	3
Update 1: Circuit City Says Late Holiday Hurt Sales Circuit City Stores Inc. on Tuesday said sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.9 percent in its latest quarter, but growth was restrained by  quot;softer quot; sales in August and because the Labor Day holiday fell out of the period.	2
Mahathir  #39;frustrated #39; with party corruption Former Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad said he was utterly frustrated that the Malay party he helped develop into Malaysia #39;s dominant political force had become riddled with corruption and bribery.	0
Stocks Open Lower, Alcoa Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Friday,  weighed down by profit warnings from companies such as Alcoa  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AA.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No. 1 aluminum maker, which raised  concerns about U.S. corporate earnings strength.	2
Google Shares Jump 18 In NASDAQ Debut Google Shares Jump 18 In NASDAQ Debut\\Google stock shares rose 18 percent in their NASDAQ stock market debut yesterday, after a scaled-down \$1.67 billion IPO marked by missteps and lackluster market conditions. Google co-founder Larry Page and chief executive Eric Schmidt showed up at the Nasdaq stock market as Google ...	3
Mark Thatcher under house arrest Mark Thatcher remains under house arrest in South Africa after being accused of involvement in an alleged coup in Equatorial Guinea.	0
Ford Makes Four-Year Commitment Ford made a four-year commitment to the world rally championship Tuesday, ending fears that they could pull out of that series as well as Formula One.	1
White Shark Meal Makes History The world #39;s only captive great white shark made history this week when she ate several salmon fillets, marking the first time that a white shark in captivity 	3
NTT DoCoMo Rises on TSE on Reported Deal with Motorola Tokyo, Aug. 23 (Jiji Press)--NTT DoCoMo firmed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Monday morning following a media report that it will start procuring mobile phone handsets made by Motorola Inc.	3
An American to buy Manchester United? A bunch of people want to own the UK #39;s most famous soccer team. One of them also owns an NFL team. By Fiona Maharg-Bravo, Breaking Views.	1
Sudanese government and rebels to sign security protocol ABUJA (AFP) - Sudanese government and rebel leaders from the war-torn region of Darfur agreed to sign two accords on the humanitarian and security crises in the western area, delegates said.	0
Microsoft confident XP update will baffle hackers He said his company #39;s Windows XP operating system update, launched last month by Bill Gates, was the  quot;first big line we have drawn in the sand quot; to combat security breaches and spam.	3
Violence sweeps northeastern India GUWAHATI, India: At least 46 people died and 118 were wounded in India #39;s northeast in one of the deadliest waves of violence in the insurgency-infested region in years.	0
Magma Moving At Mount St. Helens VANCOUVER, Wash. -- Magma continued to push into Mount St. Helens, where it was building a lava dome in the volcano crater, scientists said Monday.	3
Jags in First Place in AFC South (AP) AP - Their are several reasons the Jacksonville Jaguars have gone from 1-6 at this time a year ago to their current 5-2 record, The answer given by most players is just one word: confidence.	1
Blast hits Thai fireworks factory An explosion at a fireworks factory in central Thailand kills at least 14 people and injures several others.	0
Johnson hangs on for win CONCORD, NC  Jimmie Johnson won the UAW-GM 500 Saturday night, but the overwhelming drama of the race was the uncanny comeback of his mentor and teammate, Jeff Gordon, from two separate wrecks to finish second.	1
Hurricanes Damaged Florida Polling Places (AP) AP - The hurricanes that struck Florida this year left polling places in shambles and displaced thousands of voters, but election officials say they are taking steps to allow everyone the opportunity to cast a ballot Nov. 2.	0
Kerry's Disgusting Ad \\A few days ago Kerry sent around this ad:\\"Yesterday, the Bush-Cheney campaign, losing any last sense of decency, placed\a disgusting ad called "The Faces of John Kerry's Democratic Party" as the\main feature on its website. Bizarrely, and without explanation, the ad places\Adolf Hitler among those faces."\\"The Bush-Cheney campaign must pull this ad off of its website. The use of\Adolf Hitler by any campaign, politician or party is simply wrong."\\Which of course is a mistake.  I went and downloaded the video (which is just\stupid btw.  Not a masterpiece by any means.) and there are shots of Hitler in\there, but only from the MoveOn contest from a few months back.\\Here's the problem.  The ...\\	3
Santana Sparkles As Twins Stop Yankees 7-2 MINNEAPOLIS - The last time he faced the Yankees, Johan Santana and the Minnesota Twins were knocked out of the American League playoffs.    This time, Santana knocked down Derek Jeter and silenced New York's powerful lineup...	0
Iraq Insurgency Seen With British Eyes They came with their regimental colors, embroidered flags recording battles in 18th-century India, in the Napoleonic wars, against Ottoman legions in Iraq in World War I, on 	0
Oracle Moves Earnings Forward to Dec. 13 (Reuters) Reuters - Business software maker Oracle\Corp.  on Friday said it had decided to move forward\the release date of its fiscal second-quarter earnings to\Monday, Dec. 13 before markets open instead of Thursday, Dec.\16.	2
Bank of America Net Up on Consumer, Fleet Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 3 US bank, on Thursday said third-quarter profit rose 29 percent, helped by its purchase of FleetBoston Financial Corp.	2
Soros gives US\$12B empire to his sons A survivor of the Nazi regime and later the communists in his homeland of Hungary, the 74-year-old Mr. Soros has built his massive investment empire worth some US\$12.	2
McDonald's Income Up on Sales, Taxes  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  said quarterly net income rose 42 percent helped by strong  sales in the United States and a tax benefit.	2
Moments of unforgettable Olympics Paul Hamm of the USA celebrates with his coach after scoring a 9.837 in the horizontal bar to claim victory in the men #39;s artistic gymnastics individual competition on August 18, 2004, during the Athens 2004 Summer Olympic Games at the Olympic Sports ...	1
UPS to Hire 70,000 Workers for Holidays  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  United Parcel Service Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UPS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UPS.N&lt;/A&gt;,  the world's largest package delivery company, said on Tuesday  it plans to hire nearly 70,000 temporary workers to help handle  an estimated 340 million packages from Thanksgiving to  Christmas, exceeding year-ago forecasts.	2
Smith steps closer to Scotland manager's job (AFP) AFP - Scottish Football Association (SFA) officials confirmed they interviewed Walter Smith for the vacant national managerial job.	0
Red Hat picks up pieces of Netscape Red Hat Inc. has gone scavenging among Netscape's remains, agreeing Thursday to pay America Online Inc. (AOL) up to \$23 million in cash for the assets of Netscape Communications Corp.'s Security Solutions unit.	3
CA Strengthens Security Investment CA (Quote, Chart) has taken a renewed interest this week in network security with two additions to its eTrust portfolio. The company acquired spyware killer PestPatrol and launched a consulting practice to assist partners with Vulnerability Manager ...	3
Networks seek okay for drug ads on TV Officials with Canada #39;s top TV broadcasters said they expect regulators soon will allow them access to the free-spending prescription drug industry.	2
Parties File Suits Over Election Issues (AP) AP - A new political strategy has emerged in this photo-finish presidential race: File a flurry of lawsuits before the first votes are even tallied.	0
Nowitzki, Stackhouse Spark Mavericks to Another Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dirk Nowitzki had 32 points and 13  rebounds while Jerry Stackhouse scored 28 points against his  former team as the Dallas Mavericks eased to a 122-113 road win  over the Washington Wizards Sunday.	1
Human rights activist to stand in Egyptian presidential election (AFP) AFP - Egyptian-American sociologist and human rights activist Saad Eddin Ibrahim said he is planning to stand in the process to elect Egypt's next president that kicks off in May.	0
Away on Business: Making a Difference  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Working in poverty-stricken areas  gives corporate travelers an up-close look at global problems  such as disease, illiteracy or injustice. It also puts them in  a position to bring about change.	2
Voting begins in Afghanistan VOTING began in Afghanistan today for the first direct presidential election in the country #39;s history. Some 10.5 million registered voters are eligible to select a president from a total of 18 candidates.	0
Karzai Rival Concedes as Afghan Suicide Toll Rises  KABUL (Reuters) - Hamid Karzai's main rival for the Afghan  presidency conceded defeat Sunday with less than six percent of  the vote count remaining.	0
AMD Offers Performance Details of New Dual-Core Opteron SAN JOSE, Calif.Advanced Micro Devices Inc. on Tuesday unveiled its dual-core architecture here at In Stat/MDR #39;s Fall Processor Forum and provided the first estimates of the chip #39;s performance.	3
Gaza gunmen kill three Israelis Three Israeli soldiers, including an officer, were shot dead by Palestinians who slipped unnoticed into their outpost at a settlement in the Gaza Strip yesterday.	0
T-Mobile begins selling Sidekick II New version of Danger's mobile device is 25 percent thinner than its predecessor. \	3
Video game release prompts warning TORONTO -- Ontario #39;s consumer minister is putting parents on notice about the newest video game sensation to hit store shelves.	3
Japan Stocks Turn Lower on Oil Worries  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average turned lower by  late morning on Wednesday as concern over surging oil prices  and their possible impact on the global economy hit exporters  such as Toyota Motor Corp.	2
M A Industry Weighs Fees Against Size  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Investment banks are in the midst of  the annual fight for bragging rights as the biggest dealmakers  of the year, but this time the rankings -- a key factor in  winning new business -- are under intense scrutiny.	2
British Labor government to step up anti-terror laws if wins next British Home Secretary David Blunkett on Sunday unveiled proposals for more far-reaching laws to tackle terrorism if the Labor government wins the next election widely expected in May next year.	0
Prior in command to make early lead stand up The Cubs continued their bid for a Wild Card spot Monday with an easy victory against the Marlins in the first game of a doubleheader which made up games washed out earlier by Hurricane Frances.	1
Regulators Question Fannie Mae Accounting Description: Fannie Mae, the nation #39;s largest source of financing for home mortgages, faces accusations of pervasive accounting problems.	2
What can \$2-million do for your office? Michael Ovitz, who had a brief but extremely lucrative career as president of Walt Disney Co. in the mid 1990s, might emerge as the latest embodiment of corporate spending run amok.	2
The UN Wags a Finger at Sudan For the second time in seven weeks, the UN has bared its teeth at Sudan for continuing attacks on civilians in Darfur. Get all of today #39;s headlines, or alerts on specific topics.	0
Red Sox Advance David Ortiz homered in the 10th inning to give the Red Sox an 8-6 victory over Anaheim and completing a three-game sweep.	1
Van Nistelrooy charged by FA (AFP) AFP - Manchester United's Dutch international striker Ruud van Nistelrooy was charged with serious foul play by the Football Association (FA).	0
Chance to Measure Up Even though Miami has not quite played up to its usual standards this season, Virginia Coach Al Groh thinks the Hurricanes are still the benchmark when it comes to talent.	1
Drier Times Ahead in the West? The five-year drought parching much of the western United States could continue for years and may be just the beginning of a long era of drier times due to global warming, a new study suggests.	3
How To Get A War-Torn Region To  #39;Shalom #39; A Palestinian farmer told of how his olive grove of 400 trees had been poisoned by Israeli settlers and his son run over and killed by a settler.	0
Contrasting Fortunes for Irish in World Cup Openers  LONDON (Reuters) - There was contrasting starts for the two  Irelands when their World Cup campaigns kicked off on Saturday  with Northern Ireland crashing to a 3-0 defeat in Belfast and  the Republic winning by the same scoreline in Dublin.	1
Holiday shoppers hospitalized after spray released in toy store The holiday shopping season got an unexpected twist of craziness Saturday when someone released pepper spray in an elevator at the Toys R Us store in Times Square, sending at least three people 	2
American Express Profit Rises 14 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - American Express Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AXP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AXP.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Monday quarterly earnings rose 14 percent, matching analysts'  expectations, on record cardholder spending, increased card  borrowing and lower loan losses.	2
Sportsview: USC Shows Its Flaws in Opener (AP) AP - The inexperienced receivers had a tough time getting open. The retooled offensive line had some trouble protecting the star quarterback. And the No. 1 team was trailing the 17 1/2-point underdog with 17 minutes left in the season opener. Southern California doesn't look unbeatable  #151; yet.	1
Indonesians prepare to directly elect president for the first time Just days after yet another terrorist blast shook their confidence, Indonesians are looking forward to some good news Monday: Citizens in the world #39;s largest Muslim 	0
Yahoo Tests Travel Search Engine Yahoo began testing a new travel search engine Tuesday night that can be used to book flights, hotels and cars from more than 50 travel sites.	3
Marino Doesn't See Return to Dolphins Soon (AP) AP - Dan Marino misses being part of the Miami Dolphins, yet does not see a scenario where he'd soon consider returning to the team's front office.	1
Bernie to pull GP plug F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone has reportedly lost patience with Silverstone #39;s owners and has moved to have the 2005 British GP scrapped from the calendar.	1
Nintendo DS: Doubly good (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - If Nintendo's new DS - short for "Dual Screen" - (* * * 1/2 out of four,  #36;150) was designed to bring innovation to the portable video game market, so far only developer Sega has completely caught on.	3
Weather Hits Japanese Grand Prix The Japanese round of the World Rally Championship on the island of Hokkaido just missed a typhoon, and the weather has also affected the Japanese Grand Prix weekend.	1
SI.com SAN DIEGO (Ticker) -- Josh Beckett helped himself to his first win in over three months. Beckett doubled in the sixth inning to tie the game and scored the go-ahead run on Juan Pierre  #39;s home run one batter 	1
Mexico #39;s firm says oil price to remain high Mexican consultancy firm Bursametrica said on Monday that international market oil prices will remain high in the short and long run.	2
UPDATE 2-INSTANT VIEW-Stocks-US September job growth lags The following are comments from stock market analysts and strategists about the US Labor Department #39;s report that US nonfarm payrolls expanded by a less-than-expected 96,000 in September.	2
Online casino buys  #39;holy #39; sarmie An online casino said it placed the winning \$28 000 bid for a 10-year-old partly eaten grilled cheese sandwich said to bear the image of the Virgin Mary, and wants to take it on a world tour.	3
Profits a Royal pain The Royal Bank of Canada, the country #39;s biggest bank, said yesterday it suffered a 5 drop in third-quarter profit, displaying weakness in its US operations and citing tight interest-rate spreads and rising expenses.	2
BEA adds app server support to Beehive BEA Systems has added the Jonas and Geronimo application servers as platforms supporting the Project Beehive open-source development initiative.	3
Petacchi Wins Stage 2 of Vuelta Alessandro Petacchi (Fassa Bortolo) has won Stage 2 of the Vuelta a Espana. Petacchi took a bunch sprint from Erik Zabel (T-Mobile) and Oscar Freire (Rabobank) to win the flat, 207-km run from Leon to Burgos in 5:02:05.	1
SBC Gives Microsoft \$400 Mln Internet TV Deal SBC Communications SBC.N will pay Microsoft Corp. MSFT.O at least \$400 million over 10 years for technology to help SBC sell video services over its upgraded broadband lines, the companies said Wednesday.	2
Fee cuts take toll on stock exchange profits Cuts in listing fees forced by an Office of Fair Trading inquiry have left London Stock Exchange swallowing a 6 per cent fall in interim operating profits.	2
Palestinian  #39;collaborator #39; killed: Hamas A Palestinian accused of collaborating with Israel over the assassination of Hamas #39; spiritual leader Sheikh Ahmed Yassin in March was killed today, the armed wing of the militant Islamist group said.	0
Longhorn will let users tune Windows for different servers Bob Muglia, senior vice president of the Windows Server division at Microsoft, said in an interview that he thinks the ability to configure Windows system images for various types of servers will be "the heart and soul" of the Longhorn upgrade due in 2007.	3
Cycling: Armstrong question hangs over 2005 Tour PARIS Lance Armstrong was absent when the route and difficulties of the 2005 Tour de France were made public in Paris, but his aura filled the hall.	1
Spain sprouts WiMax network Europe appears to be fertile ground for new WiMax networks. Spain is the latest country to embrace the emerging high-end broadband wireless technology, following recent deployments in France, Ireland, and the U.K.	3
Disappointed Qantas wants to  quot;move on quot; after NZ alliance rejected SYDNEY: Australian flag-carrier Qantas said it was disappointed a proposed alliance with Air New Zealand had been rejected by New Zealand #39;s High Court but ruled out appealing the decision.	2
Less Power, More Money for Sears Boss Alan J. Lacy will not be the top man at Sears, Roebuck  amp; Company any longer if the announced merger with Kmart is completed. But he will receive a raise and could take out more than \$20 million by cashing out his existing options on Sears stock.	2
U.S. to Urge China to Push for More N.Korea Talks  BEIJING (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell will  urge China Monday to exert its influence over North Korea to  resume six-party negotiations on scrapping its suspected  nuclear weapons program.	0
Storms Kill More Than 650 in Philippines Helicopters delivered food to survivors and picked up casualties Friday as flash floods began to recede in the northern Philippines, revealing the magnitude of a disaster 	0
Rape Inquiry Expands A third La Salle University basketball player has been charged with rape over an alleged 2003 sexual encounter with a female La Salle player.	1
Falluja Rebels Fight On; Clashes Across Iraq  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. warplanes, artillery and  mortars attacked areas of Falluja on Monday as diehard  insurgents held out to the last in the week-long battle and  heavy clashes broke out in the Iraqi cities of Mosul and  Baquba.	0
2 Arrested in Alleged NYC Subway Bomb Plot NEW YORK - Two men have been arrested in connection with an alleged plot to bomb a subway station in midtown Manhattan, sources said early Saturday.    At least one of the men may have an affiliation with a terrorist organization, according to two law enforcement sources, who spoke on condition of anonymity...	0
Ky. Democrat Responds to Personal Attacks (AP) AP - The Senate race in Kentucky stayed at fever pitch on Thursday as Democratic challenger Daniel Mongiardo stressed his opposition to gay marriage while accusing Republican incumbent Jim Bunning of fueling personal attacks that seemed to suggest Mongiardo is gay.	0
India makes Olympic breakthrough Kashmir veteran Rajyavardhan Rathore wins India's first ever individual silver medal at the Olympic Games.	0
Apple offers iTunes Affiliate Program (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple on Wednesday introduced the iTunes Affiliate Program. The\program pays 5 percent commissions to affiliate Web sites by offering direct\links to a any song, album or artist on iTunes. Sites who are accepted as\affiliates can download Apple-made marketing materials and are eligible to\apply to the Apple Store Affiliate program as well. And applicants who sign\up through September 15, 2004 are also eligible to win one of five iPod\minis.	3
New Toshiba hard drive uses perpendicular technology Tokyo - Toshiba Corp. has developed a 1.8-inch hard disk drive that achieves a 40 Gbyte capacity by employing a perpendicular recording technology for the first time.	3
Twenty Filipinos Found Alive in Rubble After Storm About 20 Filipinos were found alive in the rubble of a collapsed building on Thursday, 10 days after a fierce storm and landslides devastated several eastern and northern provinces, a radio station reported.	0
Triple Crown TV Breakup The Belmont Stakes is leaving NBC to return to ABC in 2006, ending a television partnership with the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes.	1
Itsa losing proposition The United States had been confident of coming away from the first Olympic women #39;s wrestling tournament with the maximum four medals.	1
Sears to double store sites here Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co. said yesterday it will double the number of stores it operates in San Diego County by acquiring five Kmart locations and converting them to Sears units over the next 15 months.	2
Scotland: Celtic reconquer lead in Premier League GLASGOW, Dec 5 (SW) - Glasgow Rangers have lost their Scottish Premier League leadership to arch rivals Celtic again, after being held to a draw at Inverness.	1
Oil Prices Washington Post staff writer Justin Blum will be online to answer your questions on soaring oil prices, their causes and their effects.	2
Microsoft Passes on Itanium Microsofts upcoming Windows for clustered computers operating system will not support Intels powerful Intanium 2 chipset according to News.	3
DOLPHINS POSTPONE SUNDAY GAME For the second time in three weeks, a tropical disturbance has forced the Miami Dolphins from participating in an NFL Sunday. With Hurricane Jeanne - a Category 2 storm - threatening the east coast of Florida 	1
Milwaukee Brewers Team Report - September 21 (Sports Network) - The Milwaukee Brewers resume a four-game series against the NL Central champion St. Louis Cardinals tonight at Miller Park.	1
Sound of success: Israel strikes gold For many Israelis, the Olympics evoke memories of a terrorist massacre and political boycotts, but windsurfer 	1
NBA stars face formidable challengers Winning a gold medal would ease the sting of two Olympic qualifying defeats for the United States team of NBA stars. But their path to defending the throne is a rocky one, with unbeaten Spain coming up first 	1
Indonesia police re-enact Jakarta bombing Indonesia police have re-enacted fragments of the suicide bombing that killed nine people in front of the Australian embassy in Jakarta three days ago, displaying the position where a mini-van exploded at the scene.	0
Dow Ends Up on J J Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips closed slightly higher  on Thursday, helped by Johnson   Johnson Inc.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; \$25  billion deal to buy Guidant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;, but the broader  market fell, with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GS.N&lt;/A&gt; dragging the  S P 500 lower after posting quarterly revenues that  disappointed Wall Street.	2
Dell Launches Help-Desk Service For Smaller Businesses PC Workspace Services initially will serve businesses with 500 or more employees and eventually will work with smaller companies. By Kevin Ferguson, SmallBiz Pipeline.	2
Olympics-Mayo knocked out, women prosper ATHENS, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Gold medal favourite Carlos Moya joined the exodus of big name tennis players from the Olympics on Thursday, crumbling in the men #39;s quarter-finals against Chile #39;s Nicolas Massu. 	1
Grizzlies stun Spurs on go-ahead 3-pointer Bonzi Wells scored 26 points, including the go-ahead 3-pointer with less than a minute left, and Lorenzen Wright had 10 points and 10 rebounds to help Memphis beat the San Antonio Spurs 93-90 on Monday night.	1
Early Heart Attacks Likelier in Smokers If you're under 40 and smoke, your risk of having a heart attack is significantly greater than someone your age who doesn't, a new study finds. According to the report, male smokers between the ages of 35 and 39 were almost five times as likely to have a nonfatal heart attack as were nonsmokers.	3
Auburn is still perfect -- barely TUSCALOOSA, Ala. -- Auburn's stars rescued the Tigers' national championship hopes with a stellar second half.	1
Dollar Struggles, Hits Record Low Vs Euro (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar struggled to keep above a\record low against the euro and its lowest in nearly five years\against the yen on Friday in a holiday-thinned market.	2
Oil Holds Near Record Level Oil prices fell 23 cents to \$46.35 a barrel after Venezuelan Hugo Chavez won a recall referendum, appeasing worried energy markets.	2
US Airways Seeks Bankruptcy Protection ARLINGTON, Va. - US Airways has assured customers they won't notice any changes following its decision to file for bankruptcy protection, the second time in two years the airline has sought such help as it struggles against lower-cost rivals...	0
Oil Prices Rise Though Storm Fears Vanish WASHINGTON - Oil prices rose Thursday despite reports that refineries along the Gulf Coast, as well as production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico, that had been shut down were slowly being restaffed, as Hurricane Ivan proved to be less disruptive than feared.   "We've really not heard of any refineries in that area reporting any problems," and several are already being restarted, said Tom Bentz, a trader at BNP Paribas Futures in New York...	0
Pope Prays for Beslan School Dead at Italy Mass Pope John Paul prayed for the victims of the  quot;inhumane violence quot; of Russia #39;s Beslan school tragedy as he said Mass on Sunday before 200,000 people in central Italy.	0
AOL Searches for Ad Dollars in New Travel Site (Reuters) Reuters - America Online on Friday said it plans\to launch an online travel tickets comparison site available to\non-subscribers, as part of a long-term strategy to bolster\services for consumers who don't actually pay them for monthly\service.	3
HEWITT IMPRESSES IN BECK ROMP Lleyton Hewitt looked impressive once again as he cruised into the men #39;s quarter-finals at Flushing Meadows on Tuesday. The Australian fourth seed, champion here in 2001, was far too good for Slovakia #39;s Karol Beck.	1
Novak cruises into next round SECOND-seeded Jiri Novak cruised into the ATP Shanghai Open quarterfinals with a 6-4 6-7 (5) 6-1, victory today over Melle Van Gemerden of the Netherlands.	1
President's fate is on the line in Venezuela CARACAS -- Partisans on both sides are calling it the most polarized and important election in Venezuela's history, a presidential recall referendum today that will determine the course of democracy here and could buffet world oil prices. Both campaigns are also utterly convinced they will win.	0
Ceiling Collapse Evacuates Ill. Capitol (AP) AP - At least four people were injured Wednesday when netting across the open atrium of a six-story government building collapsed and tore down stones that crashed through the ceiling of a room below.	0
Republicans Aim to Show Party Diversity (AP) AP - Republican convention organizers have crafted a stage lineup aimed at showing a diverse party, giving a spotlight to Education Secretary Rod Paige, who is black; Labor Secretary Elaine Chao, an Asian American; and minority musical groups.	0
Hurricane Ivan Closes In on Grand Cayman; Cuba Braces Hurricane Ivan lost some strength as it hit the Cayman Islands and Cuba but was still capable of causing tremendous damage.	0
Gateway Adds Micro Center to Its Distribution Channel (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Gateway has added another marquee name to the roster of retailers that sell its line of personal computers and other products: Micro Center. Gateway's new line of notebooks, desktops and monitors are now available at the retailer's 20 stores nationwide, says a corporate statement.	2
Saudi Questions Need for OPEC Supply Cuts  CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC's top producer Saudi Arabia on  Wednesday questioned the need for the cartel to bolster oil  prices by cutting supply, saying the kingdom would keep crude  output at current high levels as long as customers wanted it.	2
Brazil GM move sparks row Brazil's president provokes controversy by approving the temporary planting of genetically modified crops.	3
Software Seeks Online Bargains Consumers in the United States are already spending record amounts of money online. One e-commerce company has a novel way to help Net shoppers hunt for bargains this holiday season.	2
Reuters Poll: Bush Holds Two-Point Lead Over Kerry (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush holds a slim\two-point lead over Democratic rival John Kerry for the second\consecutive day in a tight race for the White House, according\to a Reuters/Zogby poll released on Saturday.	0
Martinez sizzles as Sox stop Texas The brains behind the Red Sox spent long winter nights calculating what it might take to end the franchise #39;s 86-year championship famine.	1
Stocks rise as oil falls from record high A sharp drop in oil prices gave Wall Street a small relief rally Monday, with stocks regaining ground after falling earlier in the session.	2
North American markets set to rise as crude oil prices drop below &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - With oil prices easing, North American stock markets were poised for more gains early Monday. Wall Street futures suggested a modestly positive start to regular trading while European indexes rose in early action.	2
Canada #39;s C\$3 Bln Petro-Canada Stake Is Filed for Sale (Update1) The Canadian government moved forward with plans to sell its C\$3.04 billion (\$2.36 billion) stake in Petro-Canada, as the oil company filed offering documents with US and Canadian regulators.	2
Ht Burnley 1 Aston Villa 0 Hendrie then had another shot from distance after 25 minutes, this time with his left foot, but again it drifted wide. Solano finally found accuracy with his crosses a minute later and floated a ball to the 	1
Arab nations demand end to Israeli raids As a massive Israeli offensive continues in the Gaza Strip, Arab nations at the United Nations have proposed a resolution demanding an end to the assault.	0
Morgan backs himself into a corner The last 48 hours have turned into a nightmare for the England  amp; Wales Cricket Board. The one thing that the board wanted to avoid from the off was a repeat of the near-farcical scenes which surrounded the 	1
Scientists Crack Chicken's Genetic Code (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists have cracked the genetic code\of the chicken, showing it shares about 60 percent of its genes\with humans and has a common ancestor that lived about 310\million years ago.	3
EU leaders hold talks in Sudan after new sanctions threat (AFP) AFP - A European Union delegation led by Dutch Foreign Minister Bernard Bot was holding talks after renewed EU sanctions threat against Khartoum over the Darfur crisis.	0
American charges late, earns surprise bronze ATHENS, Greece -- Deena Kastor conquered the rugged hills of the ancient course that gave the marathon its name, somehow marshaling the energy to pull from eighth to third in the final few miles Sunday and earn the first US marathon medal in 20 years.	1
Big shuttle repairs not possible Space shuttle astronauts will fly next year without the ability to repair in orbit the type of damage that destroyed the Columbia vehicle in 2003. 	3
Darfur peace talks resume in Nigerian capital Peace talks between the Sudanese government and rebel groups in Darfur will resume in the Nigerian capital, Abuja, today. The talks are aimed at resolving the conflict which has left thousands of people dead and more than one million destitute.	0
Google To Scan, Index Four Great Libraries MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- Google is trying to create an online reading room for five major libraries by scanning stacks of hard-to-find books into its Internet search engine.	3
One China, May Exporters (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - China beckons stock investors with the lure of brisk economic growth. Yet a school of prominent China watchers, led by Morgan Stanley strategist  Andy Xie, warns that the domestic overheating could lead to a "hard landing" in sectors ranging from steel to real estate. The Chinese government, worried about that very thing, is trying to rein in the torrid expansion.	2
Disney #39;s Eisner Defends Ovitz Hire Walt Disney Co. chief executive Michael D. Eisner had been on the witness stand for about half an hour on Monday when the subject of former Disney president Michael S. Ovitz finally came up.	2
Report: SP2 Problems Impact 10 Percent of Windows XP PCs (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Businesses preparing to implement Windows XP SP2 should brace themselves for problems impacting a significant number of their Windows XP machines, according to research conducted by I.T. infrastructure management firm AssetMetrix.	3
Reports: Sharon Approves North Gaza Pullback  GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon gave  the go-ahead on Thursday for troops to withdraw from parts of  northern Gaza, media reports said, shortly after they killed  the 100th Palestinian in the largest Gaza offensive in four  years.	0
Pinochet's bad news birthday  Chile's ex-military ruler Augusto Pinochet marks his 89th birthday amid news that a judge has frozen more of his assets.	0
US Appeals Nafta Ruling Against Tariffs on Canadian Lumber By Bloomberg News. The Bush administration yesterday appealed a trade panel #39;s decision that effectively struck down United States tariffs on \$4.6 billion a year of Canadian lumber.	2
Sun Microsystems Rolls Out Much-Awaited Solaris 10  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Sun Microsystems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SUNW.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SUNW.O&lt;/A&gt; on  Sunday introduced the long-awaited next version of its  operating system, Solaris 10, which the network computer maker  is betting on to help bring itself back to sustained  profitability.	3
Second gold medal won #39;t be awarded ATHENS, Greece -- The International Gymnastics Federation said it won #39;t request a duplicate gold medal or change the results in American Paul Hamm #39;s disputed victory in the all- around event at the Olympics.	1
Credit Suisse to unveil revamp Credit Suisse will on Monday announce a wide restructuring that will integrate its volatile Credit Suisse First Boston investment banking operation much more closely into the parent 	2
A Fool Looks Back Doughnuts, macadamia nuts, and toy nuts were in play in a short yet lively week in the market.	2
IDF: Complete Intel processor lineup to migrate to dual-cores in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Intels complete lineup of processors for desktops, notebooks and servers will migrate to a dual- and multi-core architecture in 2005, company president and chief operating officer Paul Otellini said yesterday in a keynote speech at the IDF (Intel 	3
Wall Street Start Seen Steady  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was set to open slightly  firmer on Thursday, recovering some lost ground after  Wednesday's sell-off, but lofty crude prices and worry about  profit warnings will cap investor enthusiasm.	2
Insurgents Blow Up an Iraqi Oil Pipeline Insurgents blew up a northern oil export pipeline on Tuesday, dealing a severe blow to the national economy, even as car bombs and gun battles across the country 	0
Ears Work in Stereo Before Brain Does By Serena Gordon, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Depending on the type of sound you hear -- such as speech or music -- one ear may be more adeptly processing that information and sending it to a part of the brain specialized to hear that type of sound.    That's the conclusion of a study in the Sept...	3
Brazilians attack money laundering Brazilian police arrested more than 60 people yesterday in a massive operation to crack down on money laundering, targeting currency changers who illegally transfer money abroad.	2
Revamped EU team faces vote The European Parliament is to vote on whether to approve the new executive commission team on Thursday. European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso on Wednesday urged parliament to back his revised choice.	0
UPS to acquire Menlo Worldwide Forwarding Palo Alto-based CNF Inc. says it #39;s selling its Menlo Worldwide Forwarding business to United Parcel Service, Inc., of Atlanta, Ga.	2
Kovalcheck tapped for 1st start TUCSON - Beach bum or quarterback? Richard Kovalcheck is out to prove he can be both for the University of Arizona football team. The redshirt freshman #39;s laid-back demeanor was not appreciated by last year #39;s 	1
Valley erupts in rape rage Srinagar, Nov. 10: Srinagar erupted in widespread public anger on the fourth day of protests against an alleged double rape by an army major even as a separatist leader was detained.	0
Typhoon kills 66 in Japan, deadliest in 22 years Japan #39;s deadliest typhoon in more than two decades killed 66 people, news reports said on Thursday as rescuers searched frantically for 22 still missing in floods and landslides.	0
Wall St. Turns to the Time Out as Punishment Regulators are wielding a new weapon against Wall Street firms instead of multimillion-dollar fines: temporarily shutting down certain business lines.	2
Kerry Hammers Away on Explosives as Bush Shifts Focus Both candidates are making their final blitzes through several swing states in the waning hours of the campaign, delivering punchier and sharper critiques.	0
Wenger puts ticking-off behind him Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has pledged to put his Football Association misconduct charge behind him and keep his side #39;s title challenge on track at Portsmouth on Sunday.	1
Santini wanted more say on new men Jacques Santini has told French tv that he quit as Tottenham Hotspur manager because he was not in control of recruitment. Santini took White Hart Lane and the Premiership by surprise 	1
Google and Instant Messenger Google and Instant Messenger\\Google already dominates the search engine market, where once Yahoo! ruled users browser. With GMail and Google Desktop Search, they are entering prime time Microsoft domain. Speculation prevails that it will not be long before Google enters the instant messaging market. We have discussed before that Google ...	3
Red-hot Astros edge Cardinals HOUSTON (Ticker) -- Jeff Bagwell made sure the Houston Astros did not waste a golden opportunity in the National League wild card chase.	1
Oil Fears to Weigh on Stocks; Dell Eyed  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil's rise to new record highs above \$50  a barrel will put pressure on Wall Street on Tuesday as  investors fret over the impact on corporate profits, while Dell  Inc &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt; will grab focus after it stuck by its outlook.	2
Eurozone finance ministers debate action on oil as prices surge (AFP) AFP - Eurozone finance ministers expressed disquiet at a new surge in oil prices with France calling for urgent action by the European Union to address the latest threat to the bloc's economic growth.	0
Stocks Surge on Oracle, PeopleSoft Merger Investors welcomed the end of Oracle Corp. #39;s 18-month battle to take over PeopleSoft Inc., pushing stocks higher Monday. A better-than-expected survey of retail sales also helped the markets.	2
Global library heralds new information era NEW YORK (AFP) - Moves by Internet search giant Google to create a global virtual library could signal a communications revolution on a par with Johann Gutenberg and the invention of moveable type in the 15th century.	3
Vote for Pakistan prime minister Pakistan's parliament is expected on Friday to vote for outgoing Finance Minister Shaukat Aziz as  prime minister.	0
US sweep rounds up scores of online frauds US authorities have arrested at least 103 suspects and filed 117 criminal complaints since June 1 in a crackdown on various forms of online fraud, according to Attorney-General John Ashcroft.	3
Payless ShoeSource Swings to 3Q Profit Payless ShoeSource Inc., the nation #39;s largest shoe retailer, posted a third-quarter profit on Friday compared with year-ago losses, due to improved margins and lower payroll costs.	2
Google buys digital mapping company Keyhole maintains a multi-terabyte database of digital images of geographic locations, culled from satellite and aerial snapshots.	3
Third Largest U.S. Cell Phone Company Created Sprint and Nextel herald "the future of communications."	3
Apple tangles with owner of itunes.co.uk UK-based Internet entrepreneur Benjamin Cohen says that he got an unexpected shock last month after he checked his voicemail and heard a lawyer representing Apple Computer Inc.	3
Althea Gibson Honored in Open Tribute (AP) AP - For more than half her life, Zina Garrison heard the same advice from Althea Gibson: Work on your serve.	1
Russia offers to buy Canadian steel company Russian steel giant OAO Severstal on Tuesday made a formal takeover offer for Canadian #39;s insolvent Stelco Inc. which is in the midst of bankruptcy protection.	2
The Marathon Man In less than 20 hours, Chile #39;s Nicolas Massu fought his way to gold in men #39;s singles and doubles tennis. Four years ago the 24-year-old Chilean carried his county #39;s flag into the opening ceremonies in Sydney.	1
Marks  amp; Spencer Announces Shakeup Troubled British retailer Marks  amp; Spencer Group PLC announced a management shakeup Tuesday as it reported lower profits in the six months ending Oct. 2. Chief executive Stuart Rose, who recently fought off 	2
Vodafone launches mass-market 3G mobile (AFP) AFP - After a four-year wait, billions of pounds spent on licences and numerous delays, Vodafone finally rolled out mass-market third-generation (3G) mobile telephone services.	3
S Korea in 'rogue' nuclear trials The BBC is told that South Korean scientists engaged in secret, illegal experiments to enrich nuclear fuel.	0
State goal: Cut gas emissions California is expected this week to order automakers to cut  quot;greenhouse gases #39; from passenger cars, trucks and SUVs, becoming the first state in the nation to try to combat global warming.	3
Report: Macedonia workers beheaded Two Macedonian construction workers kidnapped south of Baghdad have been beheaded, and the group claiming responsibility accused the men of working as spies for US forces in Iraq, the Arab television network Al-Jazeera has reported.	0
News: The strange death of the mass mailing virus Mass mailing viruses will go the way of macro viruses and become much rarer next year.	3
UPDATE 2-S amp;P says may upgrade Nextel to investment grade Standard  amp; Poor #39;s on Wednesday said it may upgrade Nextel Communications Inc. #39;s (NXTL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) corporate credit rating to investment-grade status, citing earnings and revenue growth and debt reductions.	2
EarthLink to share Con Ed #39;s lines EarthLink will begin providing Internet connections over Consolidated Edison #39;s power lines in Manhattan in the next several months, following an FCC vote last week to establish new ground rules for commercial deployment of the service.	3
Fuel cell #39;s got the power for 3G handsets Japanese mobile network operator NTT DoCoMo announced on Thursday that it has developed a prototype micro fuel cell that will recharge a third-generation mobile phone.	3
Internet tax moratorium clears Congress WASHINGTON - The U.S. House of Representatives on Friday approved a compromise version of a moratorium on Internet-only taxes, the last step needed before the bill is sent to President George Bush.	3
Rate Hike May Push Stock Market Lower NEW YORK - Stocks are seen moving lower at the open Wednesday as investors come to grips with the Federal Reserve hiking its key rates by a quarter point to 1.75 percent.    Dow Jones futures fell 14 points recently, while Nasdaq futures were down 2.50 points and S P futures dropped 1.80 points...	0
Short but sweet for Kewell SYDNEYSIDERS got a half portion of Harry Kewell last night when the rarely-sighted Socceroo star made a cameo appearance for his country, as they completed the formalities of qualifying for next year #39;s Confederations Cup.	1
FedEx told to repay \$29M in 9-11 aid FedEx Corp. #39;s express air shipping unit was ordered to repay \$29 million in emergency financial aid granted by the US government after the Sept.	2
British  quot;Batman quot; on the Buckingham Palace walls On Tuesday three police officers were seen standing at the spot where a ladder was used for Mr Hatch #39;s ascent. His fellow campaigner Mr Pyke, who dressed as Batman #39;s sidekick Robin, was stopped by armed police at the scene.	0
Infineon to invest in Asian plant Infineon Technologies, the second-largest chip maker in Europe, said Wednesday that it planned to invest about \$1 billion in a new factory in Malaysia to expand its automotive chip business and be closer to customers in the region.	2
Unions may block Alitalia rescue The Italian airline is facing resistance from unions against its plan to evade bankruptcy by cutting 5,000 jobs.	2
Oracle moves to monthly patching schedule Weeks after coming under criticism for sitting on patches for multiple holes in its database software, Oracle Corp. has announced that it is moving to a monthly patch release schedule. 	3
Tupperware Posts Profit, Narrows '04 View  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Tupperware Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TUP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TUP.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  posted a third-quarter profit versus break-even a year earlier,  helped by improved results outside North America.	2
Captors Execute British Hostage FALLUJAH, Iraq, Oct 8 (MASNET  amp; News Agencies) - Militants executed British hostage Kenneth Bigley, it was announced, bringing a tragic end to a three-week ordeal, while US planes bombed a suspected hideout of another militant blamed for beheading several 	0
At Least One Person Shot at Ill. Capitol SPRINGFIELD, Ill. - At least one person was shot at the state Capitol on Monday afternoon, and the building was locked down, with employees ordered to stay in their offices...	0
Morocco stave off whitewash Morocco salvaged some pride after defeat with victory in the first reverse singles match in the Davis Cup World Group play-off in Perth.	1
Domenech names experimental midfield for Ireland France #39;s coach Raymond Domenech opted for an experimental midfield on Thursday when he named his side to take on Ireland in a World Cup qualifier this weekend.	1
Canada Romps Ryan Smyth scored two goals to lead Canada to a 5-1 victory over Slovakia on Wednesday night in the World Cup of Hockey.	1
Martha to judge: Send me to jail ASAP A tearful Martha Stewart announced today that she wants to begin serving her five-month prison sentence immediately so she can get back to  quot;life and living quot; as soon as possible.	2
UK 'needs more foreign workers' The UK must lure foreign talent if it is to compete with the growing economic challenge of countries such as India and China, the government warns.	2
Rwandan priest boycotts genocide trial proceedings A Roman Catholic priest charged with directing the killing of 2,000 of his parishioners inthe 1994 Rwandan genocide has boycotted the trial proceedings by the United 	0
'Spam King' Ordered to Disable Spyware (AP) AP - A federal judge has ordered a man known as the "Spam King" to disable so-called spyware programs that infiltrate people's computers, track their Internet use and flood them with pop-up advertising.	3
Motorola to Invest  #36;90 Million in China R D Center (Reuters) Reuters - Motorola Inc. said on Friday it plans\to invest  #36;90 million in a new research facility in Beijing as\the U.S. mobile phone maker fights to wrest back top position\in the domestic handset market.	3
Hamm judges self as worthy American gymnast Paul Hamm has a message for all his detractors: Don #39;t disparage his gold. Speaking at Chelsea Piers yesterday, Hamm remained defiant against growing criticism over his controversial gold medal 	1
Newcastle and Charlton battle to draw EUROPEAN FOOTBALL: Newcastle climbed just one place to eighth instead of five spots to fourth because of a 1-1 tie with Charlton. Rangers beat Motherwell 2-0.	1
Trade, fight put Boston on charge up AL East Maybe it was The Trade. Maybe it was The Fight. Maybe it was just the inevitable byproduct of a supremely talented team finding its groove.	1
Doan Goal Lifts Canada to World Cup Glory  TORONTO (Reuters) - Shane Doan scored 34 seconds into the  third period to lift Canada to a 3-2 win over Finland in the  World Cup of Hockey championship game on Tuesday.	1
Villa rocked by Vassell injury Aston Villa have revealed striker Darius Vassell has suffered a broken ankle and will be out of action for an  quot;extended period quot;.	1
Nowhere to run Michigan #39;s defense stifles Iowa #39;s running game &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; refrain from stealing a glance or two at the mammoth Michigan Stadium scoreboards during Saturday #39;s game against Iowa.  quot;Don #39;t tell the coaches, quot; he said afterward, putting a finger to his lips and smiling.	1
Price reigns in shoppers #39; priorities Ask holiday shoppers what drives their choice of stores and you #39;ll hear a variety of answers. But the subject of money is never far away.	2
Australia #39;s Qantas calls halt to merger appeal process Australia #39;s main airline carrier, Qantas, says it won #39;t appeal the New Zealand High Court #39;s rejection of a proposed alliance with Air New Zealand.	2
Slavery's Harsh History Is Portrayed in Promised Land At the National Underground Railroad Freedom Center in Cincinnati, slavery's evil becomes palpable; so does a sense of progressive enlightenment.	0
Update 5: Oil Prices Rise Amid Nigerian Worries Crude oil futures rose Friday as markets remained wary about a possible strike by oil workers in Nigeria and potentially low heating oil supplies at the beginning of the Northern Hemisphere winter.	2
No. 21 Wisconsin 81, Wis.-Parkside 42 Alando Tucker, who missed all but four games last season with a foot injury, scored 14 points and grabbed 10 rebounds to lead No. 21 Wisconsin to an 81-42 exhibition victory over Wisconsin-Parkside Wednesday night.	1
Iraq Bombings Kill 35 Youths, Hurt Scores (AP) AP - A string of bombs killed 35 children and wounded scores of others as U.S. troops handed out candy Thursday at a government-sponsored celebration to inaugurate a sewage plant. It was the largest death toll of children in any insurgent attack since the start of the Iraq conflict.	0
New Doping Scandal at Games  ATHENS (Reuters) - Almost 100 runners set out on Sunday to  recreate history's legendary Marathon while a modern day doping  scandal threatened the gold medal won by Russia at the first  Olympic event held at Ancient Olympia in 1,600 years.	1
France Cautious About Purported Iraq Hostage Talks (Reuters) Reuters - France was torn between hope and doubt\about its two hostages in Iraq on Wednesday after a purported\French negotiator announced their imminent release but\officials insisted they knew nothing about his efforts.	0
Newest iPod From Apple Holds Photos and Music Apple Computer introduced on Tuesday its next generation iPod music player, which has the ability to display digital images as well as play songs.	3
Spyware Bills Win House Approval Two bills designed to curb the proliferation of Internet "spyware" took another step toward law this week, but they are racing against the clock as Congress prepares to disperse for the November elections. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
Kidnapped Turk Killed in Afghanistan -- Witness (Reuters) Reuters - A Turkish engineer abducted by a militant\gang in eastern Afghanistan was found dead on Wednesday, a\witness who saw the body being carried down from a mountainside\told Reuters.	0
Darfur Rebels Say Peace First, Disarming After (Reuters) Reuters - Rebels from Sudan's Darfur region on\Thursday rejected calls to disarm or garrison their fighters\before a political solution to the conflict there has been\decided and implemented.	0
Ukraine Candidates Start Campaigning (AP) AP - Ukraine's two presidential candidates mapped out campaign strategies with less than three weeks remaining before the repeat of last month's fraud-marred election runoff, and opposition protesters lifted their two-week siege of the Cabinet headquarters.	0
BALTIMORE ARE MEN IN BLACK The Baltimore Ravens will look a bit more intimidating when they face bitter rivals the Cleveland Browns for the second time this season on Sunday night.	1
Postal Service Cancels PhotoStamps The innovative Stamps.com program has been halted after its test run.	2
Hanjin to run Chinese branding in Shanghai Renault F1 Team Partner Hanjin Shipping will run unique Chinese branding for this weekends race in Shanghai.	1
Mortgage fraud near  #39;epidemic #39; SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- The US real-estate boom, coupled with low interest rates, has given mortgage companies a surge of new business.	2
Mid-East  #39;drifting towards chaos #39; A senior UN official has warned that no solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict will be found without international involvement.	0
Spending Rebounds, Good News for Growth  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer spending rebounded  sharply July, government data showed on Monday, erasing the  disappointment of June and bolstering hopes that the U.S.  economy has recovered from its recent soft spot.	2
Brown cites lost spirit, medical issues, as reasons for retirement Hubie Brown said he stepped down as the coach of the Memphis Grizzlies for two reasons: He lost his spirit, and because of medical issues he wants kept private.	1
Arrington Practices LaVar Arrington participated in his first practice since Oct. 25, when he aggravated a knee injury that sidelined him for 10 games.	1
Paralympics Scrap Closing Celebrations After Crash  ATHENS (Reuters) - The Athens Paralympics canceled  celebrations at its closing ceremony after seven schoolchildren  traveling to watch the event died in a bus crash on Monday.	0
Colonials Come on Late Trailing at halftime to an overmatched foe, George Washington finally gets in a groove in the second half and puts away Morgan State, 94-70, on Saturday.	1
Seattle brothers held in killing Idaho football player MOSCOW, Idaho Two brothers from Seattle are jailed in Colfax as authorities investigate the fatal shooting of a University of Idaho football player in Moscow.	1
Macromedia readies Captivate for demos and simulations Macromedia on Monday is announcing Captivate, formerly known as RoboDemo, for recording onscreen activity and building software demonstrations and interactive simulations.	3
Sony Embraces MP3 Format The MP3 design modification is a major move for Sony, which has been criticized for a product that only allows its own format to be played.	3
Haji-Ioannou:  #39;Easy #39; Win Versus Stelmar Board Former billionaire Stelios Haji-Ioannou loves winning the good fight, whether battling US movie studios, the car rental industry or travel agents.	2
Sanofi Weight Loss Drug Effective in 2-Year Study  NEW ORLEANS (Reuters) - An experimental Sanofi-Aventis diet  drug helped people lose much more weight than a placebo in an  eagerly anticipated two-year trial, researchers said on  Tuesday.	2
Russian Duma Deputies Submit Anti-Terror Proposals  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russian deputies submitted a draft  anti-terrorism law to parliament on Tuesday in the latest  security measure after attacks such as the Beslan school  massacre in which more than 330 people were killed.	0
Miss Peru Wins World Beauty Title Miss Peru, Maria Julia Mantilla Garcia, was crowned Miss World 2004 at a glittering event held in China. Miss Dominican Republic Claudia Julissa Cruz Rodriguez was the first runner-up, and Miss USA Nancy Randall was third.	1
Ontario reveals plan to broaden child care options for kindergarten kids (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The daily dash between kindergarten and day care could one day be a thing of the past for Ontario parents under a provincial plan unveiled Thursday to dramatically increase the number of available day care spaces.	0
Back to front switches blamed for space probe crash It shouldn #39;t happen to a scientist: investigators have found that the \$250m (139m) Genesis space probe, which crash-landed in the Utah desert last month, failed because the switches designed to trigger its parachute were installed backwards.	3
Poison pill defence for News Corp Media giant News Corp is mustering its forces to make sure the Murdoch family stays in control and to ward off a possible takeover bid.	2
Judge grants Stewart's request to start serving term, urges Conn. or Fla. sites Martha Stewart must report to prison in less than three weeks, a federal judge ruled yesterday in granting the celebrity homemaker's request to begin serving her sentence for lying about a stock sale. Her company's stock surged 12 percent.	2
Palestinian firebrand is to run for president from Israeli cell MARWAN BARGHOUTI, the Palestinian leader jailed for life in an Israeli prison, re-emerged as a pivotal figure in Palestinian politics last night when senior Fatah officials 	0
Saban not going to Dolphins yet The Miami Dolphins will put their courtship of LSU coach Nick Saban on hold to comply with the NFL's hiring policy by interviewing at least one minority candidate, a team source told The Associated Press last night.	1
Polish PM refuses talks on Iraq kidnapping Polish Prime Minister Marek Belka said Thursday his country would not enter into negotiations with the kidnappers of a Polish woman in Iraq.	0
Cox, Showalter Honored Bobby Cox is voted NL Manager of the Year for leading the Braves to a 13th straight division title, and Buck Showalter wins the AL honor  after his Rangers became a contender.	1
Credit-Card Processor Hit by DDoS Attack Credit-card transaction processing firm Authorize.Net has been hit by a series of distributed denial-of-service attacks that have caused temporary disruptions in service to some of its customers.	3
Canon Unveils a Cavalcade of Printers If you #39;re thinking of replacing your old inkjet or personal laser printer with a new model that can also make copies--and perhaps scan in color and send faxes as well--Canon wants to be at the top of your shopping list.	3
Vioxx Linked To Increased Cardiac Death A new study shows that the prescription drug Vioxx can drastically increase a person #39;s risk of sudden cardiac death, and that risk is greater if you take a higher dose, or if you take it for a long time.	2
RIAA Grinds Down Individuals in the Courtroom from the this-isn #39;ta-court-of-justice,-son,-this-is-a-court-of-law dept. Iphtashu Fitz writes  quot;The Associated Press recently reviewed many of the copyright infringement lawsuits that the RIAA filed against 	3
Tiny Sensors That  Can Track Anything They're small, smart and vigilant, the sort of miniature technology that science fiction writers once dreamed of. But the battery-powered, wireless sensors sometimes known as "smart dust" are here, and they're making their way into the electronic fabric of our lives. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	3
Millwall: We #39;re not to blame The FA confirmed today that they will launch an investigation into the incidents, which began late in the second half as away fans alleged Millwall supporters had made taunts about the Hillsborough disaster in 1989.	1
In Romania, Show Turns the E.U. Into A Laughing Matter  BUCHAREST, Romania -- Romanian television has an unlikely hit on its hands, a sitcom with a cast of racy characters who sit in a country pub and get laughs discussing the fine points of the bureaucracy and regulations of the European Union.	0
It Just Had To Be It just had to be. After a year in which the Russian women had taken the grand slam circuit by storm (three out of four major championships is a decent enough result for any nation), they rounded off their 	1
Briefly: TI touts combo chip with VoIP, Wi-Fi roundup Plus: ContextWeb nabs \$3 million...Macromedia taps into AIM...Hewlett-Packard packages services for blades.	3
Canada Presses Haiti on Role for Aristide Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada urged Haitian leaders on Sunday to allow the political party of the deposed president, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, to take part in new elections.	0
Billups Sits Out Because of Ankle Sprain (AP) AP - Detroit Pistons guard Chauncey Billups missed Saturday night's game against the Utah Jazz because of a sprained ankle.	1
Enron CEO's Firm Seeks 'Success Fee'  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The firm led by Enron Corp.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ENRNQ.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ENRNQ.PK&lt;/A&gt; acting chief executive asked a bankruptcy judge for  a \$25 million "success fee" for its efforts in shepherding the  collapsed energy trader through nearly three years under  Chapter 11 bankruptcy, a court filing shows.	2
Preview: Milan vs Barcelona ROME, Oct 19 - Unbeaten AC Milan and FC Barcelona meet in the battle for control of UEFA Champions League Group F at the San Siro stadium on Wednesday.	1
Mutu reaps reward of Rio fiasco The decision by the Football Association not to throw the book at Rio Ferdinand when the Manchester United defender failed to turn up for a drugs test last year has come back to haunt them.	1
Wachovia to Pay \$37 Million SEC Fine The Wachovia Corporation agreed to pay a \$37 million civil fine Thursday to settle federal regulators #39; accusations that the company violated disclosure rules 	2
Israeli Rockets Kill Two in Gaza Strip Camp (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli rockets killed two gunmen in the\Gaza Strip's biggest refugee camp Sunday, taking the death toll\to 49 on the fourth day of a massive offensive to stop rocket\firing into Israel, witnesses said.	0
Treasuries Deflated, Consumption Holds Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasuries prices trimmed overnight  gains on Friday after data on U.S. retail sales showed  underlying strength in consumption heading into the  fourth  quarter.	2
Carl Reiner: Comedy as a Life #39;s Work Description: Actor Carl Reiner found his life #39;s calling in the third grade, making his classmates laugh by walking on his hands. The actor, comedian and director joins NPR #39;s Neal Conan and takes calls. 	3
Rutto Wins 2nd Straight Chicago Marathon (AP) AP - Evans Rutto of Kenya won his second straight Chicago Marathon on Sunday, finishing in 2 hours, 6 minutes, 16 seconds, and making him 3-for-3 at the 26.2-mile distance.	1
Concerns About Winter Push Oil to Record  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The price of crude oil broke into new  record territory above \$52 Thursday on heightened concerns that  supplies of heating fuels will prove inadequate during the  northern hemisphere winter.	2
Report: US Leads in Spam Production The United States tops the  quot;Dirty Dozen quot; list of spam-producing countries released by security firm Sophos.  quot;The problem is that there is so much money to be made with spam, and it is very 	3
Companies must expense stock options, standards board says ACCOUNTING:The new rules, which can be struck down by Congress, will force companies to subtract the option expense from earnings.	2
Purdue's win isn't pretty STATE COLLEGE, Pa. -- Taylor Stubblefield caught a 40-yard touchdown pass and became the Big Ten's career receptions leader as No. 9 Purdue held on to beat Penn State, 20-13, yesterday.	1
Ohio St. RB suspended for Indiana game COLUMBUS, Ohio - Mired in a three-game losing streak, Ohio State will be without senior running back Lydell Ross for Saturdays game against Indiana.	1
Venezuelan president appeals for unity Pledging to respect private wealth and fight corruption, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has told his opponents they should not fear his left-wing  quot;revolution quot;.	2
Iran rejects IAEA demand Tehran - Iranian officials said on Wednesday they will not cede to international demands for the Islamic republic to suspend its controversial uranium enrichment activities, saying they were ready for confrontation or negotiation.	0
Stuff That Crossed My Mind At a certain point, usually after the night terrors start, I realize I absolutely have to write a column about Some Great Topic. And when I haven #39;t been creative enough to think of Some Great Topic, rather 	3
Sony u-turn over MP3 music files Sony says its digital music players will now play MP3 music tracks, and not just its own format.	3
Caesars Profit Rises, But Outlook Lags  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Caesars Entertainment Inc.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CZR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CZR.N&lt;/A&gt;  on Thursday posted a rise in third-quarter profit as Las Vegas  hotels filled up and Atlantic City properties squeaked out a  profit that was unexpected by the company.	2
Twins clinch AL Central title com. Not only did the Twins clinch their third straight American League Central title Monday night, but also did it at a bitter rival #39;s ballpark.	1
Reporter Freed as Rebel Cleric Brokers a Deal A kidnapped American journalist was released, even as Moktada al-Sadr's militia engaged in heavy fighting in Najaf.	0
Broncos Face Tough Rematch With Colts (AP) AP - The point spread  #151; "Indianapolis -10"  #151; pretty much says it all.	1
Yahoo! to get its own desktop search tool After the launch of Google #39;s new desktop search tool, it was only a matter of time before other search engines followed suit. Yahoo!	3
AOL to Adapt WebEx Services for AIM Consumers America Online and WebEx Communications are evaluating ways to adapt some of the online meeting services they currently offer to business users of AOL #39;s AIM instant messaging network to make these services appealing to other AIM consumers.	3
Ohio GOP in Midst of Money Scandal (AP) AP - On the eve of the GOP National Convention, Republicans in battleground Ohio are in the midst of a fund-raising scandal and fighting in the ranks that have played out through name calling, anonymous allegations and reports of document thefts.	0
Philly Broadband Clash Pits City Against Telcos (Reuters) Reuters - Philadelphia officials have laid the\groundwork to provide wireless, high-speed Internet access\anywhere in the city, but their plan could be scotched under a\state bill that could be signed into law on Tuesday.	3
Flowering phone is environmental wake-up call A rose is a rose is a phone? British scientists seeking to protect the environment have designed a biodegradable mobile phone cover that breaks down in soil when discarded and sprouts 	3
Yahoo! Goes Mobile on Nextel Yahoo! Inc. is going mobile on Nextel Communication Inc. handheld devices. A new partnership between the companies puts Yahoo! e-mail, instant messaging, games, news and more in Nextels products.	3
Courtney Love Sued by LA Travel Agency SANTA MONICA, Calif. - Rocker Courtney Love was sued Thursday by a travel agency that claims she ordered nearly \$50,000 in airline tickets but refused to pay...	0
Militant Wanted in Pearl Abduction Killed An Islamic militant wanted in the murder of American Journalist Daniel Pearl was discovered running a clothing shop near the Indian border and killed in a shootout with police, Pakistani authorities said Wednesday.	0
SU Football Trails Purdue 20-0 At Halftime WEST LAFAYETTE, In. - The Orange put together a nice drive to end the first half, but came away empty as senior receiver Jared Jones couldnt handle a low snap on a 24-yard field-goal attempt with 27 seconds remaining in the half.	1
Stocks Sink, Dlr Steadies Above 103 Yen (Reuters) Reuters - Fears of further dollar weakness sent\shares in Asian exporters sharply lower on Monday, after a\meeting of the Group of 20 rich and developing nations said\nothing to arrest its fall.	2
Bush Mum on Pakistan's Bin Laden Efforts (AP) AP - President Bush offered no criticism Saturday of Pakistan's role in the still-unsuccessful hunt for al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden, even though Pakistan's army is pulling back from the region where the terrorist mastermind is believed hiding.	0
NetApp eases storage provisioning pain Network Appliance Inc. has unveiled the next version of its operating system, DataOntap 7G, which includes two significant new features that improve provisioning and capacity utilization within its filers.	3
Giants wave bye to winning streak New York Giants head coach Tom Coughlin stressed how important preparation is during a bye week. Well, it would seem that after this Sunday #39;s 28-13 home 	1
Microsoft Releases a Desktop Search Tool Microsoft has released a preliminary version of its search tool for finding documents, e-mail messages and other files stored on personal computer hard drives.	3
Powell Appeals to Arafat to Step Aside  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Secretary of State Colin Powell  appealed to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat on Thursday to  step aside for the sake of achieving his lifetime goal of a  Palestinian state.	0
Gabriel Resources to raise \$24.75 million in private placement TORONTO (CP) - Gabriel Resources Ltd. has signed a deal with Newmont Mining to raise \$24.75 million in a private placement of units to help fund development of its Romanian gold project.	2
Ontario government unveils list of junk foods to be banned in schools (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - The Ontario government is banning pop, potato chips and other calorie-laden junk foods from elementary school vending machines in a bid to improve the physical fitness of the province's schoolchildren.	0
Afghan rebels seek release of Guantanamo prisoners in return for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insurgents threatening to kill three kidnapped UN workers said Sunday they have handed over a list of 26 prisoners, some possibly held by the United States at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, who they would take in exchange for the hostages.	0
Lee Hits Grand Slam, White Sox Beat Tigers (AP) AP - Carlos Lee hit a grand slam and a two-run homer and Freddy Garcia pitched seven scoreless innings to lead the Chicago White Sox past the Detroit Tigers 11-2 Wednesday.	1
Sharapova comes out a winner in China Open semifinal Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova set up an intriguing semi-final showdown with fellow Russian Svetlana Kuznetsova at the China Open after her opponent Jelena Jankovic retired hurt on Friday with an ankle injury.	1
NASD Files Charges Against H R Block The NASD yesterday lodged fraud charges against H R Block Financial Advisors Inc. for selling \$16.4 million of Enron Corp. bonds to investors without warning of risks, shortly before the energy trading company filed for bankruptcy protection.	2
Time Warner Reaches Agreement to Allow Comcast to Reduce Stake Time Warner Inc. and Comcast Corp. reached an agreement that gives Comcast, the world #39;s largest cable-television operator, the option of reducing its stake in Time Warner #39;s cable unit to 17 percent.	2
Taiwan Lawmakers Pass Sweeping Legislative (AP) AP - Taiwanese lawmakers on Monday overwhelmingly agreed to slash in half the 225-seat legislature and revamp the election system  #151; sweeping historic changes designed to tackle corruption and weed out misbehaving legislators.	0
Reds Keep Braves From Clinching NL East (AP) AP - Gabe White earned his first save in over four years, preserving the Cincinnati Reds' 3-2 win over Atlanta on Thursday night and preventing the Braves from clinching another division title.	1
Westerners Attacked With Grenade in Kabul (AP) AP - A suicide attacker detonated grenades on a commercial street in downtown Kabul on Saturday, killing himself and wounding six other people, including two foreign peacekeepers, police said.	0
Russia Duma election must stand Russia's Supreme Court rejects a claim to invalidate the results of the 2003 elections to the Duma.	0
Microsoft smitten by the blogging bug!: Technology India: London, Dec 3 :Software giant Microsoft is now ready to take the plunge into the world of blogging by launching a test service to allow people to publish blogs, or online journals, called MSN Spaces.	3
Windows XP Security Update Delayed Microsoft Corp. has delayed automated distribution of a major security upgrade to its Windows XP Professional operating system, citing a desire to give companies more time to test it.	3
Weyerhaeuser 3rd-Quarter Earnings Rise Weyerhaeuser Co. #39;s third-quarter profit rose on higher prices for lumber and a large gain from the sale of timberlands in Georgia, the company said on Friday.	2
New atrocities in Sudan as UN deadline looms DAMNING new evidence of fresh atrocities in Sudan has emerged with less than a week to go until the United Nations deadline for a halt to the killing.	0
FOOTBALL: ROONEY #39;S ALL SET TO LEAD 3-MAN STRIKEFORCE COOL kid Wayne Rooney will spearhead a three-pronged strikeforce for England against Wales today. Boss Sven-Goran Eriksson insists not even a World Cup Final would make Rooney nervous and will place Manchester 	1
NASA #39;s Genesis Capsule Crashes DUGWAY PROVING GROUNDS, Utah -- NASA #39;s Genesis return capsule crashed into the desert Wednesday morning due to an apparent malfunction in its parachutes.	3
Picture 4 of 8: Microsoft's new Media Center push Software maker heads to LA to show off a host of gadgets that use one or another Microsoft technology to access movies, music and video.	3
Judge Blocks MPAA #39;s Mass Suits A week after members of the Motion Picture Association of America filed 11 lawsuits against hundreds of people they accused of using file-sharing networks to share copies of movies, a US District Court judge found the process improper and ordered the 	2
Media company plans to expense employee stock options NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - The New York Times on Thursday lowered its fourth-quarter earnings outlook on softer-than-expected advertising revenue and set plans to expense employee stock options.	2
China welcomes Russian approval of Kyoto Protocol China welcomed on Thursday Russia #39;s ratification of the Kyoto climate change protocol and urged countries that have not done so to follow suit.	0
Nuggets hang on to Nene DENVER The Denver Nuggets have picked up their three million dollar option for next NBA season for forward Nene (nuh-NAY #39;) but not for Nikoloz Tskitishvili (NIH-koh-lohs skee-tish-VEE #39;-lee).	1
Hard calls whoever wins the White House NO ONE has any idea what will happen to stock markets this week because no one knows who will win the US election and, even if they did, they don #39;t know what a victory for either candidate would mean.	2
British scientists plan mission to Mars, again Scientists behind the Beagle 2 mission to Mars unveiled designs yesterday for a successor to the British spacecraft. Plans for the so-called Beagle 3 came to light as scientists outlined 	3
China sows confusion over attack on Bush policies WASHINGTON - Chinas embassy in Washington sowed confusion on Monday about an election-eve attack on President George W. Bushs policies that raised questions about whether Beijing was trying to gain favor with Democrat John Kerry.	0
Microsoft Challenges Rivals With New Online Music Service Microsoft started selling music tracks on its MSN online service, taking on Apple Computer and a host of others in the fast-growing market for digital music.	3
Zimbabwe plans more youth camps Zimbabwe vows to set up more of the camps critics say the government uses to train youths in torture.	0
EMI sees music market improving EMI, the world #39;s third-largest music group, reported a drop in first-half profits on Friday but said the beleaguered industry was rebounding as online music sales start to take off.	2
Allied Domecq profits edge up as sales lose fizz (AFP) AFP - British drinks giant Allied Domecq, maker of Beefeater gin, Courvoiser cognac and Malibu rum, posted a six-percent rise in annual pretax profits as sales of spirits and wines stagnated.	0
Britannia rules as baton again lets US down SINCE the United States started taking part in the Olympic Games 4x100m relay in 1920, they have been disqualified three times and lost only once - to Canada in 1996.	1
TD buys majority stake in Banknorth Toronto Dominion Bank will acquire 51 percent of US-based Banknorth Group Inc. in a \$3.8 billion cash and stock deal that will allow TD to expand its reach in the Northeastern United States, TD said Thursday.	2
American, several others kidnapped BAGHDAD - An American civilian, a Nepalese man and at least two Arabs were abducted Monday by a band of gunmen who stormed a Baghdad home with a rocket-propelled grenade launcher and a machine gun mounted atop a pickup truck.	0
Top-Ranked U.S.C. Barely Keeps Grip Reggie Bush had 335 total yards as the Trojans survived with a victory, a 12-0 record and a good chance to play in the B.C.S. title game.	1
Tokyo Stocks Close Down (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks fell Thursday as the U.S. dollar weakened against the yen and oil prices began to rebound.	0
Microsoft Foe Wins in Settlement Head of a technology industry trade group that encouraged aggressive legal action against Microsoft for antitrust violations for years received nearly \$10M as part of a settlement with the software giant.	3
Heels given boot this time CHAPEL HILL, N.C. -- Mike Imoh ran for 236 yards and two touchdowns yesterday as No. 18 Virginia Tech prevailed, 27-24, over North Carolina, which missed a 54-yard field goal with a minute left that would have tied the game.	1
Snow: Oil clouds global growth Treasury Secretary tells IMF that economic outlook is bright but  #39;cannot rest on our laurels. #39;. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Treasury Secretary John Snow said Saturday the outlook for global economic growth is good 	2
After playing stopper, UNH keeps going The University of New Hampshire defense was under siege in the first half of last week's Division 1-AA playoff against high-octane Georgia Southern.	1
Democrats Say They'll Assume Watchdog Role Complaining about G.O.P. oversight of taxpayer money, Senate Democrats said they would hold hearings of their own.	0
Manchester United Football Club boss excited over Rooney Sir Alex Ferguson is clearly excited over the prospect of Wayne Rooney making his debut for Manchester United Football Club. The England international is yet to play for the Reds since his 26million transfer 	1
Will Amazon #39;s A9 Search Engine Give Google Search Pains? Amazon.com has officially entered into the search engine market with the launch of A9.com, a search engine that Amazon claims will make organizing and managing search results easier.	3
Sun upgrades J2SE platform Application developers are getting a raft of new options this week with Sun updating J2SE, Borland upping its CORBA ante, and Compuware detailing products that will work with Microsoft's Visual Studio 2005 toolbox.	3
Mainers celebrate Red Sox victory Like others through New England, Boston Red Sox fans in Maine erupted in celebration following their team #39;s first World Series championship in 86 years.	1
Randall Makes Difference One person not surprised by Virginia Tech's successful season is Ralph Friedgen, who says quarterback Bryan Randall is the key.	1
Sadr Fighters to Disarm Under Iraq Peace Deal  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A Shi'ite militia led by Moqtada  al-Sadr has agreed to disarm in Baghdad under a deal reached on  Saturday with Iraq's interim government and U.S. officials, the  chief Shi'ite negotiator said.	0
Treasuries Deflated, Consumption Holds Up (Reuters) Reuters - Treasuries prices trimmed overnight\gains on Friday after data on U.S. retail sales showed\underlying strength in consumption heading into the  fourth\quarter.	2
1st Profit Forecast for Reynolds American (Reuters) Reuters - Reynolds American Inc. , parent\of the No. 2 U.S. cigarette company, on Wednesday forecast 2004\profit of  #36;5.75 to  #36;6.05 a share, its first forecast since the\company was formed at the end of July.	2
Vegetarians see red over Smarties colouring THERE are green ones, yellow ones and even blue ones. But how many beetle-coloured Smarties have you tried? Red Smarties get their bright colour from a dye made from dried and crushed insects.	3
Scientists Think Data From Space Capsule Can Be Salvaged Samples and data inside the wrecked Genesis space capsule appear intact enough to salvage most of the mission #39;s science, optimistic researchers said Friday.	3
Plunkings strike a sour note They may never be mistaken for the boys from the Bronx as Boston's archrivals. But the Devil Rays picked up last night where the Yankees left off Sunday, squaring off with the Red Sox in an incident that emptied both dugouts and bullpens before Terry Francona's crew celebrated the clinching of a playoff spot.	1
Google IPO Prices at  #36;85/share - Source (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc.'s GOOG.O initial\public offering of 19.6 million shares priced at  #36;85 each, the\low end of their projected range, a source familiar with the\auction said on Wednesday, raising  #36;1.67 billion and making it\the fourth-largest U.S. IPO this year.	2
Iraqis not interested in Sharm el-Sheikh conference The Iraqis, who still suffer from the worsening security situation, are hardly interested in an international conference on Iraq to be held in the Egyptian Red Searesort of Sharm el-Sheikh on Nov 22-23.	0
Signal back at Suffolk Belmont Park's simulcast signal, absent since Sept. 15, returned to Suffolk Downs Thursday after the track's management, caught in the middle of a dispute between the Mid-Atlantic Cooperative and the New York Racing Association, signed a separate agreement with NYRA.	1
US Missile Defense Test Fails The first test in nearly two years of a multibillion-dollar US anti-missile shield failed on Wednesday when the interceptor missile shut down as it prepared to launch in 	2
League upholds Calgary-BC result but pledges improvements next &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - The result of the Calgary-BC game last Friday night will stand, the CFL announced Monday. While a review of video tape from the game confirmed an officiating error resulting in a no-yards call 	1
NASCAR glance 1. KURT BUSCH. He has posted 12 straight top-15 finishes, including six straight top-10 finishes. He is coming off a fifth-place finish at Martinsville, Va.	1
SEC Probes Auto Pensions The federal Securities Exchange Commission has asked General Motors, Ford and Navistar Corp., a maker of trucks and engines, to provide financial information about their pension and post-retirement healthcare plans.	2
Driver #39;s seat is his Heisman win This happened a year ago, after USC capped its regular season with an all-afternoon assault on the Oregon State end zone. Outside the Coliseum, the parents of some Trojans players celebrated 	1
Australian government plans to boost anti-terror laws (AFP) AFP - The Australian government, re-elected with an increased majority two weeks ago, aims to toughen its counter-terrorism laws after previous efforts were stalled in the Senate, the attorney general said.	0
US: NASCAR lifts spirits ad ban Diageo, the world #39;s leading premium drinks business, has announced one of the company #39;s spirits brands would participate in the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR) for the first time ever beginning with the 2005 NASCAR Nextel Cup season 	1
Mile: Singletary sacks field Singletary stormed to the lead at the top of the stretch and won Saturday #39;s \$1.5 million Breeders #39; Cup Mile at Lone Star Park.	1
In crunch, Dolphins perfectly awful MIAMI -- The New York Jets went conservative yesterday, waiting for the mistakes that have doomed the Miami Dolphins in every game this season.	1
Greenspan Warns, Treasuries Recoil  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices slid on Friday  after Fed chief Alan Greenspan spooked investors with an  unusually direct reminder that interest rates were bound to  move higher.	2
Fallujah car bomb hits US marines BAGHDAD, IRAQ - Several US marines were either killed or wounded when a powerful car bomb exploded in a neighbourhood on the edge of Fallujah Monday.	0
Africa 'makes excuses on climate' African governments are failing to act to cut greenhouse gas emissions, Kenya's Nobel laureate Wangari Maathai says.	0
Ichiro Breaks Sisler #39;s Season Hits Record SEATTLE Oct. 2, 2004 - No. 258 for Ichiro Suzuki was like so many others, a little ground ball up the middle. Only this one made history, a hit cheered  #39;round the world.	1
Harrison Signs  #36;66M Deal With Colts (AP) AP - Marvin Harrison is remaining with the Indianapolis Colts as Peyton Manning's primary target.	1
Is Microsoft creating tomorrow's IE security holes today? &lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; Seeds of disaster	3
Panel Wants Intel Chief With Budget Say WASHINGTON - The committee writing the Senate's intelligence reorganization plan is recommending creation of a strong national intelligence director with spending power, while leaving the Pentagon in charge of some military spy agencies.    Sen...	0
Registers ring, stores are listening  Consumers shrugged off rising energy costs and kept spending in October, boosting retail sales and supporting forecasts of a solid holiday season ahead for retailers.	2
Russian Cabinet OK's Kyoto pact  MOSCOW -- Russia's Cabinet approved the worldwide Kyoto Protocol on global warming yesterday, clearing the way for implementation of the long-delayed United Nations pact.	0
 #39;D #39; wins Bowden Bowl Dad Bobby goes to 5-1 vs. Tommy as sub QB guides Seminoles after Rix is hurt in first quarter. BY JOSH ROBBINS. TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - Defense, the adage goes, wins championships.	1
Letter rankles Mylan Investor Carl Icahn issued a \$20-per-share bid to acquire Mylan Laboratories Inc. on Friday and said  quot;at least quot; three other potential buyers in the generic drug industry could offer more.	2
Montreal bids adieu to Expos The largest crowd of the season came to see the Expos play in Montreal for the final time Wednesday. There were tears and boos. Some lobbed golf balls and bottles onto the field at Olympic Stadium in protest.	1
Scientists Focus on Algae in Maine Lake (AP) AP - Scientists would kill possibly thousands of white perch under a project to help restore the ecological balance of East Pond in the Belgrade chain of lakes in central Maine.	3
Colombia Eyes Banks in Drug Money Hunt  BOGOTA, Colombia (Reuters) - Colombia will require banks  and money changers to report all international transfers of  more than \$200 starting next year to help combat drug money  laundering and "narco terrorists" and control the strength of  the peso.	2
Cisco's CEO gets a raise Company boosts John Chambers' base salary to \$350,000--up from a mere \$1. 	3
Early rates rise tipped for Australia after near record imports CANBERRA : Near record high imports increased Australia #39;s trade deficit by 10.5 percent in September, according to new data, which analysts say raises the prospects for an early rise in interest rates.	2
Trojans begin spam assault on cellphones KUALA LUMPUR: British security software specialist Sophos Plc said it has identified a new trojan which attempts to send spam messages to mobile phone users.	3
Replacement jawbone grown on patient #39;s back A German man, whose jaw was removed because of cancer, has been able to eat his first solid meal in nine years thanks to a replacement jawbone which was incubated in a muscle on his back.	3
Marsh   McLennan CEO Greenberg Resigns (Reuters) Reuters - Marsh   McLennan Cos.  Chairman\and Chief Executive Jeffrey Greenberg resigned on Monday, 11\days after New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer accused the\world's biggest insurance broker of rigging bids.	2
Haitians go to church after Jeanne passes Surrounded by the devastation of a storm that killed hundreds of their countrymen, Haitians took time to groom themselves for church Sunday, braiding little girls #39; hair and polishing shoes.	0
US Economy: Consumer Prices, Industrial Production Rise US consumer prices rose in October, spurred by energy and food costs, and industrial production and housing starts surged, suggesting the Federal Reserve may keep raising its benchmark interest rate.	2
G-8 countries make progress over nuclear tensions with Iran &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United States narrowed differences with European allies Friday on how to pressure Iran to renounce the development of nuclear weapons, but it hasn #39;t yet won agreement to haul the country before the UN Security Council, a US official 	0
California coach gets new contract California football Coach Jeff Tedford received a new five-year contract Monday to lead the Golden Bears through the 2009 season. The new deal replaces his existing agreement, which had three years remaining.	1
Bush, McCain Discuss Ads by Outside Groups LAS CRUCES, N.M. - President Bush wants to work with Republican Sen...	0
Powell leads new exodus from Bush cabinet (AFP) AFP - Secretary of State Colin Powell, one of the Bush administration's most respected members abroad, announced his resignation after four years of often-losing policy battles with his hawkish colleagues over Iraq and other issues.	0
Stocks lower on worries oil prices will start to weigh heavily on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Stock markets were lower Monday morning on a mixed series of earnings reports and oil prices that continued to hover around the \$55 US a barrel level.	2
Alaska Brown Bears Gather for Annual Salmon Feast Each summer, the falls at McNeil River turn into a mosh pit of bears. Instead of thumping music, it's the sound of salmon slapping their way up the falls at the McNeil River State Game Sanctuary that sends the bears into a fishing frenzy.	3
Group frees US journalist hostage in Iraq fiance who spent three months with me in Nassiriya, quot; Garen told Arab satellite television Al Jazeera by telephone. He was speaking from the Nassiriya office of rebel Shi #39;ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr.	0
Briefly: Microsoft connects with SAP roundup Plus: Autodesk updates hobbyist tool...LogicLibrary buys bug catcher...Think local, act Google.	3
Indonesia steps up clamp on militants JAKARTA: Indonesian police said yesterday they had redoubled efforts to track militants blamed for a suicide car bomb attack on the Australian embassy, and released video recordings of the powerful blast.	0
Cal angry, frustrated after Texas takes Rose Bowl spot BERKELEY, Calif. California refused to run up the score or beg for poll votes. Maybe the Bears should have. Cal was left out of the Bowl Championship Series.	1
MCI adds managed services MCI announced on Wednesday a line of managed LAN services available at three different service levels.	3
Greenspan Urges Pension Benefit Cuts Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday that the country will face "abrupt and painful" choices if Congress does not move quickly to trim the Social Security and Medicare benefits that have been promised to the baby boom generation.	2
Bush, Kerry Teams Agree to Three Debates (AP) AP - Negotiators for President Bush and Democrat John Kerry agreed Monday to three 90-minute debates beginning Sept. 30, including one town-hall format with questions from undecided voters in the audience.	0
Active Duty Military Attending the RNC A   recent report  filed by the Associated Press contained a startling bit of information:      About 15 percent of the 4,800-plus delegates and alternates to the convention in New York are veterans, organizers said Monday. An additional 3 percent are active military personnel.      This report was   displayed prominently  on the Republican National  Committee's website, and   lauded gleefully  by the fine folks at Free Republic, among others    As it turns out though, it's actually not such a good thing to have active-duty military anywhere near a political convention - if you value your democracy.  In fact, up until just a few days before the convention, it was quite illegal for active-duty military even to attend.  And yet, there it was in black and white.  Active duty military members were not only attending, but participating as delegates in the RNC.  How could this happen?    	3
ISS: Critical Netscape hole could be widespread Security company Internet Security Systems Inc. (ISS) is warning its customers about a critical security hole in a commonly used technology from the Mozilla Foundation called the Netscape Network Security Services (NSS) library that could make Web servers vulnerable to remote attack.	3
3G: Anything in it for businesses? HONG KONG -- Consumers have been promised a lot from the high-speed 3G (third generation) cellular networks being rolled out around the world, but is there much in it for businesses?	3
Turkey abandons plan for adultery to become a crime Turkey yesterday shelved plans to criminalise adultery which were threatening the country #39;s prospects of joining the European Union.	0
Blackhawks #39; Ruutu needs surgery Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - Chicago Blackhawks forward Tuomo Ruutu will undergo surgery Friday to repair a subluxation of his left shoulder.	1
Oil Firm After 4 Percent Jump  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices held firm on Friday after  leaping almost \$2 a day earlier on news U.S. crude stocks sank  to a five-month low last week and distillate fuels barely grew  ahead of winter.	2
Egyptian ambassador might return to Israel soon Israel #39;s Foreign Ministry Director General, Ron Prushor, said on Sunday that the Egyptian ambassador might return to Israel in the near future.	0
Sterling stabilises after falling on data (AFP) AFP - The pound stabilised after falling due to continued weaknesses in British economic data.	0
Mauresmo dominates Linz final LINZ, Austria (Ticker) - Amelie Mauresmo will return to the top spot in the world rankings after breezing to her fourth title of the year Sunday.	1
Concern over drug stocks hurts Dow Investors sent stocks sharply lower yesterday as oil prices continued their climb higher and new questions about the safety of arthritis drugs pressured pharmaceutical stocks.	2
NKorea accuses Japan of revising defense policy towards militarism North Korea on Sunday accused Japan of using anti-terrorism moves as an excuse for militarism which put the Korean peninsula at risk of invasion.	0
Sun #39;s Schwartz living a Linux nightmare COMMENTARY -- Judging by his latest blog entry, Sun COO and president Jonathan Schwartz has something new to keep him up at night -- the growing perception that Solaris x86 is anti-Linux -- anti-GNU/Linux, to be specific.	3
State Department Mum on Castro's Health (AP) AP - The Bush administration chose Thursday to urge change in Fidel Castro's Cuba rather than speculate on the health of its aging leader.	0
PeopleSoft #39;s Conway Glib About Oracle in Keynote SAN FRANCISCODuring his Connect keynote address at PeopleSoft Inc. #39;s user conference here on Tuesday, CEO Craig Conway pulled all the heartstringsincluding a round of applause for former PeopleSoft founder Dave Duffield, who was strategically 	2
A Firefox in Internet Explorer #39;s Henhouse When was the last time you heard about the browser wars? Well, they #39;re back. The reason: For the first time in more than seven years, Microsoft is losing Web browser market share.	3
Bombings, Gun Attacks in India Kill 44 GAUHATI, India - A spate of bombings and gun attacks in crowded public places killed 44 people Saturday in markets and a railroad station across two states in India's northeast, police said.    In all, nine attacks took place through the day in Nagaland and Assam states, both of which have faced campaigns by separatist rebels, police officials in the two states told The Associated Press...	0
Sponsorship of football rivalry weakens meaning of tradition The Big Game has a new name and a fat contract to go with it. And corporate America has tarnished another great college football tradition.	1
James Scores 16 in Cavs' Win Over Bobcats (AP) AP - LeBron James, Zydrunas Ilgauskas and Anderson Varejao had 16 points apiece, and the Cleveland Cavaliers rolled to a 103-77 NBA exhibition victory Wednesday night over the expansion Charlotte Bobcats.	1
Serena fights back, Davenport off to a flier in LA Serena Williams came back from a set and two breaks down to beat Anastasia Myskina 4-6 6-3 6-4 on the opening night of group play at the WTA Championships on Wednesday.	1
Israel pledges cooperation on Palestinian poll US secretary of state, Colin Powell, and Israeli foreign minister, Silvan Shalom. Photograph: David Guttenfelder/ AP. Israel today assured Colin Powell, the US secretary of state, that it would do  quot;everything 	0
Hutchison arm rules out dividends Hutchison Telecommunications International Limited (HTIL), a telecom arm of Li Ka-shing-controlled Hutchison Whampoa seeking a listing in Hong Kong and New York, said it has no plan to pay dividends as it has racked up HK\$5.	2
Darfur Rebels Say Peace Talks Delayed (Reuters) Reuters - A new round of peace talks for Sudan's\troubled Darfur region will be delayed by two days because top\rebel delegates have been unable to get to Nigeria for the\negotiations, a rebel leader said.	0
In Imphal, PM makes it a point to meet women who stripped to send &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; IMPHAL, NOVEMBER 21: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh may not have been able to honour all requests from Manipuri groups keen to meet him but he did manage time from his busy schedule to spend time with some of the Meirapaibies (torch bearers), the women who 	0
A technology whiz strives to make life simpler John Maeda is a man with a lot on his mind. The MIT professor of media arts and sciences thinks about how to make technology simpler; he thinks about using the computer as a mode of expression rather than simply as a tool; he thinks about making digital art from Cheetos and sugar crystals.	2
Mirant names CFO as chief restructuring officer Mirant Corp. (MIRKQ.PK: Quote, Profile, Research) has named its chief financial officer to the additional role of chief restructuring officer, the bankrupt power producer said on Thursday.	2
Afghan Militants Threaten to Kill Foreign Hostages The kidnappers of three foreign election workers in Afghanistan say they will kill their hostages by Wednesday if a list of demands is not met.	0
 #39;Unknowns #39; stirring Palestinian race In an election dominated by a jailed intifada leader and a moderate veteran negotiator who both come from the ruling 	0
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas; Virtual PC for Mac Version 7 The year is 1992, and life stinks for Carl Johnson. His mom #39;s been murdered, his family is in disarray, his childhood friends have turned against him, and corrupt cops are framing him for a murder somebody else committed.	3
U.S. Seeks to Stop a Spyware Operation (AP) AP - In what regulators are calling a first, the government has asked for a court order to shut down a spyware operation.	3
Soderling Beats Malisse to Win Lyon Open (AP) AP - Sweden's Robin Soderling won his first ATP singles title, using a strong serve to defeat Belgium's Xavier Malisse 6-2, 3-6, 6-4 Sunday in the Lyon Open final.	1
RBI clears air over coins Chandigarh, Oct. 25 (PTI): The Reserve Bank of India today rubbished reports that 25 and 50 paisa coins have been withdrawn from circulation.	2
Automobiles lead a surge in spending US consumers opened their wallets and purses in a big way in September, with spending shooting up 0.6 percent. Joseph Zeppieri of West Melbourne looks at new vehicles at Kelly Ford in Melbourne.	2
The self-employed are not this bad economys saviors. By &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Hong Kong voters go to the polls Sunday to elect a new Legislative Council. LegCo, as its known, symbolizes the high degree of autonomy that Hong Kong was promised when it reverted Chinese rule in 	0
Has Ken Jennings' 'Jeopardy!' Run Ended? LOS ANGELES - Has Ken Jennings ended his "Jeopardy!" streak? A report posted Wednesday on TV Week's Web site said the brainy software engineer lost in a show taped Tuesday, walking away after his 75th straight game with about \$2.5 million overall in cash and prizes. The magazine cited unidentified sources and said the show would air later this fall...	0
Colombian Far-Right Leader Gunned Down-Police A far-right Colombian warlord participating in peace talks with the government was shot dead by his own men, police said on Monday, in another bloody incident that could undermine the negotiations.	0
Korean Olympic Team Files Petition with CAS Koreas Olympic delegation filed a petition on Saturday, appealing for a correction of a scoring error committed during Yang Tae-youngs performance in mens gymnastics with the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS), Shin Bak-je, the headperson of 	1
Notice: IE  #39;worm #39; targets IOL ad supplier Every 30th or so request for an advert was redirected to another compromised server, which in turn tried to execute the Bofra Internet Explorer exploit in an attempt to infect the user #39;s machine.	3
CRPF camp attack: Two militants killed SRINAGAR: The two militants, who had stormed a security camp killing five CRPF personnel, were shot dead on Saturday by security forces, ending a 30-hour long gunbattle at Sopore, 55 km from Srinagar, in Baramulla district of Jammu and Kashmir.	0
Reactions Mixed to Federal Fraud Sweep Federal law enforcement may be heralding Operation Web Snare as the largest cyber-crime crackdown of its kind, but it is receiving mixed reviews on whether it will stymie the rise in Internet fraud.	3
Writer Admits Plagiarism The Seattle Times said a business columnist and associate editor, Stephen H. Dunphy, had resigned after admitting he plagiarized the work of others.	2
Intel Sets Cruise Control on Pentium 4 Paul Otellini, the chip maker #39;s president and chief operating officer served notice at the company #39;s recent developer conference that the megahertz era was coming to a close, and the decision last week to remove the 4-GHz Pentium 4 processor from its road 	3
Ancient and Modern Tattoos Celebrated in Photography Book Since ancient times people have marked their bodies as a form of cultural spiritualism. A new book of photographs looks at tattoos, scarification, and other traditional and modern body markings in more than 30 countries. &lt;b&gt;Photo gallery included.&lt;/b&gt;	3
Berlin marks anniversary of Wall #39;s fall Subdued observations were held in Berlin Tuesday to mark the 15th anniversary of the tearing down of the Cold War-era Berlin Wall.	0
Avian flu 'discovered in pigs' Scientists in China say they have discovered the highly virulent H5N1 strain of bird flu in pigs.	3
Vick pass to Crumpler for 49-yard TD lifts Falcons past Buccaneers &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Chris Draft scooped up the ball, fell down, got back up and didn #39;t stop running until he reached the end zone with teammate DeAngelo Hall draped over his back.	1
Villa confirm Vassell setback The 24-year-old sustained the injury after a challenge by Papa Bouba Diop in their 2-0 win over Fulham on Saturday. A Villa spokesman said:  quot;Vassell has a fracture of his ankle.	1
HP Extends Server Leadership HP (www.hp.com) announced an investment of more than \$3 billion over the next three years designed to vault Intel Itanium 2-based HP Integrity servers to the leadership position in the \$20 billion market currently served by RISC processors.	3
Colorado back in game At the start of the season, they were in the also-ran bin. Not on anyone's radar screen nationally, or even in the Big 12, for that matter. But a month into the 2004 season, look at what the Colorado Buffaloes have done.	1
After KaZaa, BitTorrent gets it. KaZaa is still finding themselves in court, explaining what #39;s going on, and Hollywood is already finding a new target: BitTorrent.	3
Cassini Sending Back Data on Saturn Moon A radar image of the surface of Saturn #39;s moon Titan, taken Tuesday, Oct. 26, 2004, by the spacecraft Cassini, is seen in this photo courtesy of NASA.	3
Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo absent from US presidential campaign debate (AFP) AFP - The abuse of Iraqi prisoners at Abu Ghraib and detention without trial of terror suspects at Guantanamo Bay may still draw headlines in US newspapers but the subjects have been notably absent from the White House race.	0
WNBA: Storm Defeat Sun, Tie Finals at 1-1 The Seattle Storm has defeated the Connecticut Sun 67-65 to force a decisive third game in the Women #39;s National Basketball Association Finals.	1
Ireland Cracks Down on Online Scammers bizpile writes  quot;Ireland has decided to take some extreme measures to crack down on one type of online scam. They have decided to suspend direct dialing to 13 countries (mostly South Pacific Islands) in order to halt the use of auto-dialers.	3
Citigroup buys First American Bank, expands Citibank into Texas BRYAN, Texas Citibank said today that it #39;s expanding into the Texas retail banking market in a big way. New York-based parent company Citigroup says it #39;s buying Bryan-based First American Bank, which has 102 full-service branches throughout Texas.	2
Japan, US agree to restart imports of some American beef TOKYO -- Japan and the United States agreed yesterday to resume imports of some American beef, halted since December after a case of mad cow disease in Washington state, but did not set a date for restarting trade.	0
Scare tactics obscure Social Security debate I haven't made up my mind on the subject of private accounts for Social Security. Unlike the Bush administration, I prefer to study the facts before leaping to conclusions. (For contrast, see the war in Iraq.)	2
AMD Tries To Compete With Intel By Releasing Athlon 64 3000 AMD has expanded its family of low-voltage mobile processors designed to offer high performance, security and mobility for thin and light notebooks.	3
Existing Home Sales Surge in September  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sales of existing U.S. homes surged  by an unanticipated 3.1 percent in September as low mortgage  rates fueled home buying, a trade association said on Monday.	2
Voters checking out other sides #39; sites Are right-leaning voters spending all their online time on Rushlimbaugh.com? Are left-leaning voters locked into the like-minded Talkingpointsmemo.	3
US, Iraqi Troops Storm Baghdad Mosque Iraqi forces arrest people during a raid on one of the major Sunni Muslim mosques in Baghdad, the Abu Hanifa mosque, Friday Nov. 19 2004.	0
Finally, A Boeing-Airbus Showdown The European Jetmaker Has Long Skirted Subsidy Rules. Now Washington #39;s WTO Complaint Will Drag That Abuse Into The Light Of Day.	2
England to lose Hill until Six Nations Richard Hill had an exploratory operation on his left knee last night amid fears that he may miss not just England #39;s friendly internationals next month but also the start of the Six Nations Championship.	1
Commentary: Hurricanes, Clinton and the campaign HEMPSTEAD, NY (CBS.MW) -- With Election Day now less than two months away, the campaign for the presidency has been rocked by several unexpected developments.	2
150 Foreigners Taken Hostage in Iraq (AP) AP - Insurgents in Iraq have kidnapped more than 150 foreigners in their campaign to drive out coalition forces and hamper reconstruction:	0
McClaren pays for lack of ambition WITH a minimum of drama and an economy of effort - qualities that are seldom applicable to the club -ewcastle United last night qualified for the knockout phase of the Uefa Cup.	1
Red Sox Beat Yankees 6-4 in 12 Innings BOSTON - Down to their last three outs of the season, the Boston Red Sox rallied - against Mariano Rivera, the New York Yankees and decades of disappointment. Bill Mueller singled home the tying run off Rivera in the ninth inning and David Ortiz homered against Paul Quantrill in the 12th, leading Boston to a 6-4 victory over the Yankees on Sunday night that avoided a four-game sweep in the AL championship series...	0
Introducing the BOFH-brand internet caf #233; &lt;strong&gt;Episode 29&lt;/strong&gt; Or should that be 'Technology Centre'?	3
Beltran's Hot Bat Leading Astros' Offense (AP) AP - When Carlos Beltran was traded to the Houston Astros, he already was considered among baseball's top all-around players, one of those rare breeds who can hit, run and play great defense.	1
Chinese Government to Institute Online Ratings Systems By ELAINE KURTENBACH     SHANGHAI, China (AP) -- China plans ratings systems for online games, books and movies to protect children from violence and sexual content in the nation's latest effort to tighten controls on various media, reports said Friday.    The system for censoring online games will be introduced by the end of October and will come ahead of "any similar actions on books and movies," the state-run newspaper Shanghai Daily said, citing officials attending a conference in Shanghai...	3
Federer Ends Brilliant Year with Masters Title  HOUSTON (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer capped  one of the finest seasons in tennis history by successfully  defending his Masters Cup crown with a devastating 6-3, 6-2  final win over Lleyton Hewitt on Sunday.	1
Sharon Presents Gaza Pullout Timetable Description: Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon presents a detailed timetable for Israel #39;s withdrawal from most of the Gaza Strip.	0
Microsoft: Ready To Comply With EU Order If Appeal Fails Even as Microsoft appeals a finding that it broke antitrust rules, the company says it has spent millions to make a stripped-down version of Windows.	2
Nortel wins Indian wireless contract Nortel scores its first major wireless deal with an Indian service provider.	3
Beagle team probes its own loss The UK-led Beagle 2 team which tried to put a lander on the surface of Mars last year has published the findings of its own inquiry into what went wrong.	3
Cavaliers Rally to Beat Celtics 98-96 (AP) AP - Zydrunas Ilgauskas scored 26 points, including the game-winning jumper on an assist from LeBron James with 19 seconds left, and the Cleveland Cavaliers rallied to beat the Boston Celtics 98-96 Friday night.	1
Indian economy suffers due to truckers strike ISLAMABAD: Indian economists are showing concern over the prolong truckers #39; countrywide strike which is causing shortage of essential commodities.	2
Bank of America to cut 4,500 jobs Bank of America Corp., which operates 25 branches in the Houston area, plans to cut about 2.5 percent, or 4,500 jobs, from its work force.	2
Interstate Bakeries Hires Turnaround Firm  NEW YORK (Reuters) -  Interstate Bakeries Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IBC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IBC.N&lt;/A&gt;,  maker of Wonder bread and Hostess Twinkies, on Monday said it  hired a turnaround firm and delayed filing its annual report  with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.	2
Time Warner Settles 2 Cases Over AOL Unit The Justice Department announced yesterday that it would defer bringing criminal securities fraud charges against the America Online unit of Time Warner as long as Time Warner adopted 	2
IBM Offers Companies Monthly Security Report Service IBM today introduced a security service that offers a concise, monthly global-network threat report designed to help organizations assess security needs and vulnerabilities from a business perspective.	3
Broadcom downplays inventory glut, shares rise Shares of Broadcom Corp. (BRCM.O: Quote, Profile, Research) rose 9 percent on Monday after the communications chipmaker said the effects of an inventory glut on its revenues should be short-lived.	3
Microsoft: Security requires teamwork Microsoft said Thursday that it is enjoying success with its campaign to increase IT security for customers of its products worldwide.	3
A River Pulled in Two Directions The Lower Delaware, site of a recent oil spill, seems as if it has been mistakenly stuck at the end of the pristine Upper Delaware.	0
Mexico Churches Wage High-Tech War on Cell Phones (Reuters) Reuters - Some Mexican churches are\using state-of-the-art technology developed by Israeli\electronic warfare experts to silence cell phones that ring\during mass, church officials said on Tuesday.	3
Shiites Signal Concern Over Sunni Turnout Amid Violence A leading Shiite political figure showed signs of unease on Thursday about the risks that the continuing violence here poses for the elections.	0
Schumacher spinout gives Barrichello pole position at new Chinese &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Seven-time Formula One champion Michael Schumacher took on the Shanghai circuit Saturday in qualifying for the first Chinese Grand Prix.	1
Hong Kong's Opposition Gains More Clout HONG KONG - Pro-democracy opposition figures gained more clout in Hong Kong's legislature with three new seats, but they fell short of expectations and resumed grumbling Monday about a system they call unfairly rigged.    Although the opposition remains stuck mainly with the power to criticize, it gained a loud new voice with the stunning election win by Hong Kong's top protester, "Longhair" Leung Kwok-hung, who is known for burning flags and raising a ruckus in his trademark Che Guevara T-shirt...	0
Hollywood Wants BitTorrent Dead Hollywood movie studios on Tuesday launched new legal action against operators of sites that help connect people to movies on two major peer-to-peer filesharing networks.	3
Schwab unit to merge 19 branches, launch 54 satellite offices SAN FRANCISCO (Dow Jones/AP) -- Financial services firm Charles Schwab Corp. said its brokerage subsidiary will open 54 satellite offices as part of a change in its retail branch strategy aimed at providing more in-person financial advice.	2
Audit of referendum supports Chavez An audit by international observers supported official elections results that gave President Hugo Chavez a victory over a recall vote against him, the secretary-general of the Organisation of American States announced.	2
Typhoon Aere Menaces Taiwan, Markets Close (Reuters) Reuters - Strong winds and heavy rain from Typhoon\Aere pounded Taiwan on Tuesday, disrupting air and sea traffic\and forcing financial markets, schools and businesses in Taipei\and nearby counties to close.	3
Nvidia Puts a Firewall on a Motherboard (PC World) PC World - Upcoming chip set will include built-in security features for your PC.	3
Junk faxes to be legalized as  quot;opt-out? quot; The Register ran a story on August 6th called 'Phone spam misery looms stateside.' It seems that there's legislative nastiness underway in Washington, DC to essentially gut the existing junk fax law, and replace it with a marketer's wet dream.	3
Mayor Recommits to Ambitious Recycling Pact The Bloomberg administration announced today that it will sign a 20-year contract with one of the nation's largest recycling companies, a move that assures the city's broad recommitment to recycling.	0
Intel to make 70-megabit chip Intel Corp. will announce today that it has reached a significant milestone in manufacturing computer chips at ever-smaller levels.	3
Girls' Top 20 Following is the Globe Top 20 in EMass for girls' soccer. No. Team Record Last 1. Belmont 14-0-1 1 2. Oliver Ames 13-1-0 2 3. Lynnfield 15-0-0 3 4. Norwell 15-0-0 5 5. Andover 14-1-0 4 6. Bishop Feehan 11-1-1 6 7. Old Rochester 14-1-1 7 8. Marshfield 10-1-4 9 9. Wellesley 9-0-5 8 10. Weymouth 12-1-2 10 11. Rockland ...	1
Oil Prices Generate Winners and Losers With crude oil prices pushing to above \$50 per barrel, the world is dividing into camps of winners and losers.	0
UPDATE 1-Late twist makes Bayern winter champions Bayern Munich did just enough to claim the honorary title of Bundesliga winter champions on Saturday, snatching a 2-2 draw at home to VfB Stuttgart just as Schalke 	1
Canadian Scientist Introduces the  quot;Nose as Mouse quot; At long last, the noses of computer users have a purpose beyond holding up eyeglasses and balancing spoons. Thanks to a Canadian scientist, now you can use your nose to control your computer.	3
Timberwolves Griffin suspended by NBA for three games (AFP) AFP - Embattled Minnesota Timberwolves player Eddie Griffin was suspended for the first three games of the 2004-05 season, the National Basketball Association announced.	1
IBM to sell computer unit, in talks with China #39;s Lenovo NEW YORK, New York, United States of America -- International Business Machines (IBM) Corp has put its computer business up for sale, the New York Times said Friday, quoting people close to negotiations.	2
Carnie Wilson Says She's Pregnant (AP) AP - Carnie Wilson, whose gastric bypass surgery five years ago was broadcast on the Internet, is expecting her first child.	3
Cool Midwest Summer Creates Bigger Spiders (AP) AP - Midwestern spiders always get big as they prepare to lay eggs, but this year they're even fatter thanks to a cool, wet summer that sustained their favorite snack  #151; insects.	3
Hughes moves into lead after completing first round Two-time champion Bradley Hughes of Australia shot an 8-under 64 to take a two-stroke lead at the Australian Masters on Friday, one day after the opening round was suspended by rain.	1
China launches satellite FLEDGLING space power China today launched a satellite from a remote desert region for a short-term scientific mission, state media reported.	3
AdWatch: Bush Touts Job Creation in TV Ad (AP) AP - Details of a new television ad from President Bush that begins airing this week:	0
International Briefs TABA, Egypt- Investigators lifted fingerprints, swabbed dust and collected tissue yesterday from the wreckage of three car bombings and detained scores of Bedouin tribesmen, including quarry workers who could have provided the explosives that killed at 	0
Holy Toast! eBay Sandwich Taking Record Bids The most popular item on eBay today is not a rare signed copy of Bob Dylan #39;s  #39;Like a Rolling Stone. #39; Nope. It #39;s a 10-year-old grilled cheese sandwich with a running price of over \$16,000.	3
Gambill #39;s slump worsens Delray Beach  A return to one of his favorite and most successful ATP Tour stops wasn #39;t enough to stop Jan-Michael Gambill #39;s slide.	1
Koizumi views quake-damaged Japan Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi headed to northern Japan to survey the damage wrought by the deadliest earthquakes to hit the country in nearly a decade as the death toll jumped to 31.	0
US Catholics seek new head bishop US Roman Catholic bishops are meeting to elect their new president, who they hope will restore the church's reputation after a string of child abuse scandals.	0
IT firms call for patent protection in EU BRUSSELS -- A group of some of the world's leading IT and telecommunications companies have warned that Europe could become a "haven for plagiarism" if the European Parliament fails to agree to allow patent protection for inventions implemented by computer.	3
J J, Guidant Talks Undeterred by Overlap  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Johnson   Johnson aims to seal a  purchase of Guidant Corp. without immediately jettisoning the  medical device maker's stent operations, sources familiar with  the situation said on Thursday.	2
US Air Shares Sink, Pilots Reject Deal  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Shares of US Airways Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt; slid as much as 23 percent on Tuesday after leaders of  its pilots union rejected the company's latest contract  proposal, dealing a blow to its attempt to avoid a second trip  through bankruptcy.	2
Scientists Make Phone That Turns Into a Sunflower (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists said on Monday they have\come up with a cell phone cover that will grow into a sunflower\when thrown away.	3
Indonesian militant gets 10 years for hotel attack, cleared of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By Channel NewsAsia #39;s Indonesia Bureau Chief Haseenah Koyakutty. JAKARTA : Two high-profiled terrorism cases were heard in Indonesia on Tuesday and a key Jemaah Islamiyah operative, who is involved in both 	0
Mississippi State Penalized for Football Violations  STARKVILLE, Mississippi (Sports Network) - The NCAA  Wednesday placed Mississippi State on probation for four years  because of football recruiting violations.	1
Double act can bring Old Firm fans back TOMMY BURNS #39; appointment as Walter Smith #39;s assistant had nothing to do with politics and everything to do with him being the right man.	1
Pitcairn women blast sex trials A group of women on the tiny UK Pacific colony of Pitcairn criticise sex abuse trials about to start on the island.	0
U.S., Iran Join in Rare Gulf Security Conference  MANAMA (Reuters) - A conference on regional security  threats opened in Bahrain on Friday, in a rare gathering of  senior officials and strategists from Gulf Arab states as well  as Iran, Iraq and the United States.	0
Rite Aid Posts Profit Vs. Year-Ago Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Drugstore chain Rite Aid Corp. \on Thursday reported a quarterly profit, reversing a year-ago\loss, on strong cash flow and a reduction in inventory-related\expense.	2
Rescue effort for Canadian sub launched off Irish coast A major rescue effort has been launched off the coast of Ireland after a Canadian submarine sent a distress signal for assistance from the North Atlantic Ocean on Tuesday.	0
State financial picture brightening - on income side, at least ATLANTA - It #39;s been a long time coming but the state #39;s financial picture, at least on the income side, is brightening, state officials said Thursday.	2
Giants Autofocus for Eagles and Owens This is the week of the season when every Giants defensive back needs to have shoulders as sturdy as snowplow blades. But safety Gibril Wilson reported Wednesday that he still had only one good shoulder.	1
Jamaica Braced as Eye of Hurricane Passes Coast Hurricane Ivan battered Jamaica today but the island is expected to escape the worst of the storms. Hundreds of British tourists and residents in the tropical paradise 	0
Ford sales off again in October, but company bullish on new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Ford Motor Co. said Wednesday new vehicle sales in October fell 5 percent from October 2003, the eighth time this year monthly sales have been below year-ago results.	2
Lycos Europe Withdraws Its Spam-Fighting Screensaver just a couple of days -- before newfound Lycos Europe enemies organized a multi-pronged counter-attack with delirious affects that forced Lycos to turn tail and 	3
Purported al-Zarqawi tape boasts of humiliating U.S.-led forces in Iraq (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CAIRO, Egypt (AP) - An audiotape purportedly from key terror suspect Abu Musab al-Zarqawi boasts in an apparently recent recording that Islamic holy warriors have humiliated the U.S.-led coalition in Iraq.	0
Familiar American Roster Adds New Wrinkles for the World Cup When the United States plays Canada on Tuesday in the teams' first game of the World Cup of Hockey, the Americans' primary colors should be red, white, blue and gray.	1
Jayhawks can't pull off upset LAWRENCE, Kan. -- Vince Young scored on an 18-yard touchdown run with 4:11 left and threw a 22-yard TD pass to Tony Jeffery with 11 seconds remaining to rally No. 6 Texas past Kansas, 27-23, yesterday.	1
Global Markets: Easier Oil Soothes Shares  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares firmed on Tuesday as oil  slipped further toward \$54 a barrel, while the dollar's tumble  came to a temporary halt after it touched another 8-month low  against the euro.	2
Raiders seeking to attack Oklahoma sooner When Texas Tech coach Mike Leach left Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops to accept the head position with the Red Raiders after the 1999 season, he might not have thought his old boss would hold a grudge.	1
Insurance giant to  #39;export #39; 1,100 jobs to India One of the country #39;s biggest insurance firms today announced plans to transfer more than 1,100 jobs to India over the next few years, sparking fears of a  quot;crisis quot; in the UK.	2
Motorola Third-Quarter Earnings Rise  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Motorola Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's No.  2 maker of cell phones, on Tuesday said its quarterly profit  rose sharply, helped by improving sales of a host of new  handset models.	2
Musharraf inducts 32 ministers in new Pakistani cabinet (AFP) AFP - Pakistan's President Pervez Musharraf swore in a 32-member cabinet headed by newly elected Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz, officials said.	0
World markets - 13 September 2004 New York - Investors are expected to focus on oil prices and earnings outlooks this week, and the slightest warning about revenues could weigh on stocks.	2
Bush, Kerry Hammer Each Other in Swing States (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush and Democrat John\Kerry kept up the offensive in swing states on Saturday as the\presidential race remained deadlocked in the polls with 10 days\to go until Election Day.	0
Reuters bets big on Bangalore unit Mr Geert Linnebank, Editor-in-Chief and Global Head of Content, Reuters; Mr Kiran Karnik, President, Nasscom; and Mr N. Dharam Singh, Chief Minister of Karnataka, at the inauguration of Reuters #39; new facility in Bangalore on Thursday.	2
Kwame Brown not ready for start of season Washington, DC (Sports Network) - Washington Wizards forward Kwame Brown will not be ready for the season opener, but could play by the end of November.	1
Afghan Vice President Survives Attack, Troops Killed  KABUL (Reuters) - An Afghan vice-president survived an  assassination attempt Monday in the north and two soldiers from  U.S.-led forces were killed in a gunbattle in the southeast, as  violence escalated ahead of an Oct. 9 election.	0
The day #39;s milestones MOROCCO #39;s Hicham El Guerrouj completes an historic 1500-5000m double, emulating the achievement of Paavo Nurmi in 1924. BRITAIN #39;s Kelly Holmes becomes only the third woman in Olympic history to complete the 800m-1500m double.	1
Pascal Vasselon: Two different approaches According to Michelins F1 chief, the two tyre manufacturers have gone for very different approaches at Shanghai. It could make the race interesting.	1
Mozilla considers desktop search integration for Firefox Having launched the much-awaited version 1.0 of the Firefox browser on Tuesday, the Mozilla Foundation is busy planning future enhancements to the open-source product, including the possibility of integrating it with a variety of desktop search tools. The Mozilla Foundation also wants to place Firefox in PCs through OEM (original equipment manufacturer) deals with PC hardware vendors and to continue to sharpen the product's pop-up ad blocking technology.	3
LNR Property buyout marks third billion-dollar deal NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- With LNR Property #39;s acquisition by Cerberus Capital Management on Sunday marking the third billion-dollar buyout deal in as many months, investor appetite for the sector has sent Morgan Stanley #39;s index of real estate investment trusts 	2
Opinion: Regarding Stallman #39;s Vision I #39;ve always been mixed about the Open Source movement because while my feelings suggest that this is surely a great innovation in software development scene, there are other (many) things that I don #39;t agree with.	3
Linux standard gains big-name backers com September 13, 2004, 8:47 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.	3
Some insurers limited Vioxx Some large health insurers are feeling vindicated after Merck #39;s decision to withdraw its painkiller Vioxx from the market because long-term use raises the risk of heart attack or stroke.	2
Airlines Expect  #36;5 Bln Loss in '04 --IATA (Reuters) Reuters - International airlines are heading for a\near  #36;5 billion loss this year, largely due to the oil price\rise, the chief economist of the industry's global body IATA\said on Tuesday.	2
Loss of Intelsat Satellite Threatens \$3.1 Bln Deal  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - The planned \$3.1 billion takeover  of satellite operator Intelsat Ltd. could be in jeopardy after  an electrical problem ruined one of the company's satellites on  Sunday.	2
Tiger skips Disney for first time as pro The boat hadn #39;t docked as of Wednesday morning, in case you were wondering. Tiger Woods was still out to sea, in no hurry to be seen -- and who could blame him?	1
No change to interest rates seen The central bank is likely to keep interest rates at historical lows for now amid worries about weakening demand for electronics goods in the second half, economists said yesterday.	2
SCH still expects to close Abbey takeover by year end (AFP) AFP - The Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano said it still expects to complete its acquisition of British home-loan specialist Abbey National by the end of this year.	2
Twenty-eight police to stand trial for G8 violence A judge today ordered 28 police officers to stand trial for their alleged brutality in a raid against anti-globalisation protesters during the 2001 Group of Eight summit in Genoa, news reports said.	0
NASA #39;s O #39;Keefe to Resign; Ex-Missile Defense Chief Tops List of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe will resign this week, and the retired director of the Pentagon #39;s Missile Defense Agency tops a list of five men that President Bush is considering 	3
DreamWorks Animation Raises \$812 Million in IPO (Update1) DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc., the creator of the Shrek #39; #39; and Shark Tale #39; #39; animated films, raised \$812 million in an initial public offering to pay debt and to fund more movie making.	2
6-year-old killed in Gaza Israeli gunfire left a 6-year-old girl dead Friday in the Kahn Younis refugee camp in the southern Gaza Strip, Palestinian medics said.	0
Sportsview: BCS a Work Forever in Progess (AP) AP - Don't be too dazzled by the new-and-improved model of the Bowl Championship Series coming to a newspaper or TV outlet near you. It will have to go back to the dealer soon enough.	1
Nokia #39;s fortunes improve in third quarter Nokia posted better-than-expected results for the third quarter yesterday, possibly marking a turnaround in the cellphone giant #39;s fortunes after it failed to pick up on the popularity of clamshell phones earlier.	2
Vonage: Dial 311 for city info Subscribers of the company's Net phone service can get information on park locations, public transit, and so on.	3
Offense turns to Pittman Jon Gruden isn #39;t happy, and he admitted as much Monday morning. But at least the Bucs coach can look forward to something. Running back Michael 	1
Ukraine Opposition Marches on President's Office  KIEV (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of Ukrainian opposition  supporters marched on the president's office on Tuesday seeking  to install their leader in office, defying poll results they  said had been rigged by a pro-Moscow government.	0
Bush Expects Upward Revision to Jobs Data (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration expects\revised data due on Friday to show the pace of job creation in\the year leading up to March was much swifter than had been\believed, economists who received a White House memo on the\subject said on Tuesday.	2
UPDATE 2-Oracle raises PeopleSoft offer, sets deadline Oracle Corp. (ORCL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday raised its hostile takeover offer for rival software company PeopleSoft Inc.	2
Google Shares Just May Be Winners After All Wall Street, which forced Google, the Internet search engine, to lower the price of its shares sharply in its initial public offering in August, has decided that the company is worth a lot more today than it was then.	3
Update 3: Comcast, Time Warner Consider Joint Bid Time Warner Inc. and Comcast Corp. said they are exploring a potential joint bid for Adelphia Communications Corp., the troubled cable company that put itself on the block as part of a Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceeding.	2
Mars moon emerges from the dark Mars Express takes its most detailed image yet of the Red Planet's largest moon, Phobos.	0
Powell says blast consistent with North Koreas explanation WASHINGTON: The United States said on Tuesday a blast in North Korea last week that stirred fears of a nuclear explosion might have been demolition work for a power project, as Pyongyang has asserted.	0
The tide is turning... Whilst some may claim that the British are staunch allies of the United States (depite being having clearly different agendas on the World Stage), the recent request made to Britain for additional support, namely 600 troops from Black Watch to be moved North to Baghdad to help out the 130,000 US troops who want to move upto Fallujah, is being met by the British Parliament with what we might politely call some   hostility. As the Honourable member for Morecambe and Lunesdale (yes, it is as grim as it sounds), Geraldine Smith asks:    "I'm concerned about the timing. We've been asked by the Americans two weeks before their election to cover for their troops. Is this a ploy to allow Bush not to send more troops? If we made a decision to send troops tomorrow, it looks like we are stepping in to help out the President."	3
Berry misses cut at US Amateur AMARONECK, NY - Following a opening round 73 Monday, Barden Berry had a rough day, shooting an 83 in the second round of the US Amateur Championships on the West course at Winged Foot Golf Club. 	1
Lady Thatcher  #39;paid son #39;s bail money #39; Sir Mark Thatcher bought the freedom to leave his Cape Town mansion yesterday when he paid South Africa #39;s authorities bail money of 165,000.	0
WOODWARD:  #39;I #39;M STILL IN CHARGE #39; Mystery surrounded Sir Clive Woodward #39;s future as England coach tonight after he left Twickenham following a four-hour meeting with senior Rugby Football Union figures.	1
Homegrown Satellite Radio Software Draws XM Fire  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Catching Blondie's reunion tour  broadcast at 4 a.m. wasn't an option for XM satellite radio  subscriber and single father Scott MacLean.	3
British soldier arrested over unlawful killing in Iraq LONDON: A 21-year-old British soldier was arrested Tuesday in connection with the murder of a civilian in Iraq, London #39;s Metropolitan Police said.	0
Citigroup Is Sued Over Alleged Interference A global investment fund manager has filed a civil suit against Citigroup, charging that the New York-based financial institution improperly interfered with the investment fund #39;s operations in Brazil, lawyers said Tuesday.	2
Sosa Homers As Cubs Club Pirates 7-2 CHICAGO - Sammy Sosa homered for the first time in more than two weeks and Derrek Lee drove in three runs to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 7-2 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Monday night.    Moises Alou and Neifi Perez also homered for the Cubs, who pulled within a half-game of idle San Francisco in the NL wild-card race...	0
Citrus production down, but stockpiles will pick up slack Florida growers will pick far fewer oranges and grapefruits this season than last after hurricanes devastated crops in the state, where most US citrus is grown, the government said Tuesday.	2
N.Korea Says U.S.-S.Korea War Games Undermine Talks  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea said on Friday annual war  games staged by the United States and South Korea were  undermining six-party nuclear talks and forcing it to raise the  "quality and quantity" of its own military deterrent.	0
New Ole Miss coach says bad behavior in the past New Mississippi coach Ed Orgeron was charged with repeated domestic violence more than a decade ago when he was an assistant at Miami, according to records obtained Friday by The Associated Press.	1
Treasuries Dip But Selling Momentum Slows  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt was down a sliver  on Monday, but four straight days of selling appeared to be  sputtering out as investors awaited key events like a speech  from the Fed chairman and the crucial September jobs report.	2
U.N.: S.Korea Nuke Research Is of 'Serious Concern' (Reuters) Reuters - The head of the U.N. nuclear watchdog\said Monday South Korea's failure to promptly report research\on the enrichment of uranium and plutonium separation to the\U.N. agency was deeply worrying.	0
OVITZ: I WANT MY PROPS Michael Ovitz hopes getting his day in court fixes his battered career and tarnished image. Ovitz testified for the fifth day in the trial that has Disney shareholders shooting 	2
Motorola Acquires MeshNetworks (AP) AP - Motorola Inc. is acquiring MeshNetworks Inc., developer of a technology that makes it easy to set up and expand wireless networks, in a deal expected to help the world's No. 2 cell phone maker win more government business.	3
Rumors of a Death She was a stunningly beautiful dancer who caught the eye of North Korea #39;s  quot;Dear Leader quot; Kim Jong Il and became his favorite companion.	0
US Jet Flight to Vietnam Makes History United Airlines Flight 869, from San Francisco, arrived in Ho Chi Minh City, formerly Saigon, at shortly after 10:00 pm Friday (10 am EST).	2
Borland to tout tool for building Microsoft apps San Jose, Calif. - Borland Software at its BorCon conference here on Monday will preview the upcoming Diamondback release of its Delphi development tool for the Microsoft platform, which is to support development via managed code.	3
Chicago Firm Acquires Rouse for \$7.2 Billion Rouse Co., the real estate developer that transformed America #39;s suburban landscape by creating the indoor shopping mall and self-contained communities far from city centers 	2
Hockey talks go nowhere fast Six days ago Jay McKee buoyantly strolled into his living room and proudly informed his wife there would be an NHL this season. The Buffalo Sabres #39; union representative had just finished 	1
CEO held over student sex video The head of an Indian auction website is arrested over its sale of a video clip showing two Delhi students engaging in a sexual act.	3
Arsenal boss: Vieira 50-50 for Man Utd Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger says captain Patrick Vieira is  quot;50-50 quot; to be fit for tomorrow #39;s blockbuster against Manchester United.	1
Tutu and Mbeki in war of words The row between South African President Thabo Mbeki and Archbishop Desmond Tutu worsens.	0
Explosion injures at least two in Kenyan airport NAIROBI, Kenya - An explosion at an airport in Kenyas capital Sunday slightly injured two people and caused a fire that destroyed part of a departure lounge, police said.	0
Khmer Rouge tribunal pact OKd in Cambodia Cambodia #39;s legislature on Monday approved a long-delayed agreement to put surviving Khmer Rouge leaders on trial for atrocities that claimed nearly two million 	0
Dollar Steadies, More Weakness Expected (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. dollar paused near recent\lows Friday but dealers expected selling to resume after a\weekend meeting of G20 finance ministers, while stock investors\sought cover in companies immune to currency risks.	2
Australia firm on Iraq troops Prime Minister John Howard has stood firm against withdrawing troops from Iraq after unconfirmed reports that two Australians have been taken hostage and would be killed within 24 hours unless Canberra pulls out.	0
Palestinian legislators accept Arafat promise to fix government Yasser Arafat fended off another challenge to his authority yesterday when Palestinian legislators backed away from sweeping reform demands, instead approving a watered-down set of recommendations.	0
Google introduces new research tool (AP) - Online search engine leader Google is setting out make better sense of all the scholarly work stored on the Web. The company #39;s new service, unveiled late Wednesday at scholar 	3
Gillard out of shadow treasurer race Julia Gillard has reportedly bowed out of the race to become shadow treasurer, taking enormous pressure off Opposition Leader Mark Latham.	0
No hitches for hero Hicham HICHAM El Guerrouj wrote his name large in the annals of Olympic history last night when he bestrode athletics middle and long-distance disciplines by completing a 1500m and 5,000m double gold.	1
Trinidad #39;s win stops the bleeding After boxing suffered a one-two punch with knockouts of Oscar De La Hoya and Roy Jones Jr. on successive weekends, Felix Trinidad swept away the devastation in a swift lesson about the battered game #39;s resiliency.	1
Burnout offers thrills aplenty The third outing for the Burnout franchise offers jaw-dropping action that is difficult to fault and perilously addictive.	3
Philippines willing to negotiate with kidnappers in Iraq (AFP) AFP - The Philippine government is willing to negotiate with the kidnappers of a Filipino accountant being held captive in Iraq.	0
Tennessee Titans beat Green Bay Packers 48-27 GREEN BAY, Wis. The Tennessee Titans and Green Bay Packers were both in danger of falling to one-and-four tonight. Well, it didn #39;t happen to the Titans.	1
Cell Phone Maker Warns of Ear Damage (PC World) PC World - Mobile phone tune may play too loudly, Siemens says.	3
Bush Secured Victory in Florida by Veering From Beaten Path While Democrats placed their emphasis on the state's urban centers, the Republicans racked up votes in suburban and rural areas.	0
Rain cancels Chase qualifying at New Hampshire Loudon, NH (Sports Network) - Jeff Gordon will assume the pole position for Sunday #39;s Sylvania 300 at the New Hampshire International Speedway after a steady rain washed out Friday #39;s qualifying session.	1
Samsung unveils thumbnail mobile phone memory Samsung today unveiled a small, low-power multimedia memory card (MMC) designed for mobile phones. At just 12 x 14 x 1.1mm, Samsung #39;s MMCmicro device is one-third the size of today #39;s common reduced-size multimedia cards.	3
Congress Sends Bush Tax Cut Bill, Victory WASHINGTON - Legislation extending three popular middle-class tax cuts for the rest of the decade sailed through Congress by lopsided votes in both the House and Senate, giving President Bush a major legislative victory on his signature economic issue, tax relief.    Many Democrats complained during debate Thursday that the majority Republicans who control Congress should have offset the lost revenue to keep the nation's soaring deficits from getting worse...	0
Google shares top 100 on debut NEW YORK Despite voluble skepticism among investors, Google #39;s stock jumped about 18 percent to \$100.01 a share when it debuted Thursday on the Nasdaq stock market. 	2
UN warning over Afghan opium Afghanistan #39;s poppy cultivation increased by almost two-thirds this year and accounts for 87 of world supply of raw opium, a UN report said yesterday, warning of the country #39;s descent into a drugs-based economy.	0
Boston Scientific takes over Cook #39;s share of drug rights Bloomington (Star report) --Boston Scientific Corp. has obtained exclusive rights to sell the most popular coating on heart stents, taking over the share previously held by Cook Inc.	2
Colombian Government Removes Army Chief The head of the Colombian army was dismissed Wednesday with no explanation just short of a year in the post.	0
Nintendo Drafts Namco For Mario Baseball November 26, 2004 - Nintendo #39;s pairing with Namco is starting to bear some ripe fruit, with Donkey Konga about to see its third entry and Star Fox Armada taking shape into an impressive 2005 title.	3
Davenport wins Porsche GP after injured Mauresmo quits Lindsay Davenport won the Porsche Grand Prix on Sunday when top-ranked Amelie Mauresmo quit after losing the first set because of an injured left thigh.	1
NFL Wrap: Bettis Sinks Bengals in Steelers Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Jerome Bettis ran for 129 yards and  the Pittsburgh Steelers used a stifling defense to edge the  host Cincinnati Bengals 19-14 for their eighth straight win  Sunday.	1
News: How Strongly Does the Sun Influence the Climate? Researchers have shown that the Sun can be responsible for, at most, only a small part of the warming over the last 20-30 years. (Max Planck Society press release)	3
Markets Brace for Earnings Week (Reuters) Reuters - The record price of oil has ruled Wall\Street for months now and next week investors will get a close\look at just who has profited the most from black gold's big\run.	2
Interior Official and Federal Biologists Clash on Danger to Bird The issue of political overseers modifying information from federal scientists that conflicts with policy goals has arisen periodically in recent years.	3
Sihanouk #39;s son named king Southeast Asia #39;s wiliest political survivor yesterday completed his own intricately scripted exit from the stage. King Norodom Sihanouk, who first took Cambodia #39;s throne when 	0
Gunmen seize Russian school, taking 400 hostages A television grab shows a soldier helping a girl away from the scene at a school in the town of Beslan in the province of North Ossetia near Chechnya, September 1, 2004.	0
Greenspan Warns on Baby Boomer Benefits Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan said Friday that the country will face  quot;abrupt and painful quot; choices if Congress does not move quickly to trim the Social Security and Medicare benefits that have been promised to the baby boom generation.	2
Mount St. Helens Releases Plume of Steam (AP) AP - Mount St. Helens began belching a huge column of white steam Friday after days of rumblings and earthquakes that suggested the volcano that erupted with cataclysmic force in 1980 was about to blow its top again.	3
Texas's Francisco banned for rest of year Texas Rangers pitcher Frank Francisco was suspended for the rest of the season and fined yesterday for throwing a chair that hit a woman and broke her nose during a game in Oakland earlier this week.	1
Chartered to Manufacture AMD64 Processors in 2006 AMD64 is a new computing platform that extends the ubiquitous x86 architecture to accommodate 64-bit processing. Formerly known as x86-64, AMDs enhancements to the x86 architecture allow users of laptops 	3
NAB profit down 20pc NATIONAL Australia Bank Ltd today became the first of the Australia #39;s big banks to report a fall in 2004 annual net profit and said the result reflected problems that had been accumulating for years.	2
Bush Calls for Full UN Oil-For-Food Probe The Bush administration made clear on Thursday it would not take a position on whether UN Secretary General Kofi Annan should resign as it awaited the results of an investigation into the UN oil-for-food scandal.	0
Services Sector Index Slips in September  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Growth in the vast U.S. services  sector slowed in September, with a significant decrease in  prices paid but a solid employment component, according to an  industry survey published on Tuesday.	2
Exposing Execs #39;  quot;Stealth quot; Compensation The use of a luxury apartment valued at \$11 million and other shockingly lavish perks that former General Electric (GE ) CEO Jack Welch received when he retired three years ago are old news.	2
Magic Unveil A New Look Tracy McGrady was traded to Houston in the offseason. He was the guy who could score 50 points a night, but his team would lose by 20.	1
P2P start-up gets record label deals A small peer-to-peer start-up has won rights from three of the four major record labels to distribute their music online. The deals with Peer Impact , a new division of online marketing company Wurld Media 	3
Samsung Doubles Memory Density According to a Samsung release, the device is the most advanced graphics double-data-rate synchronous DRAM available for graphics card makers, as well as game console manufacturers.	3
Coca-Cola Warns on Profit, Shares Fall  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt;, amid signs that  is it losing market share to arch rival Pepsi, on Wednesday  warned that profit would lag Wall Street expectations for the  rest of the year because of weakness in key markets and said  there was no quick fix for its problems.	2
Son's Payments on Deal Disappoint Annan (AP) AP - Secretary-General Kofi Annan said Monday he was "very disappointed and surprised" that his son had continued to receive payments until this February from a firm that had a contract with Iraq's oil-for-food program, the subject of numerous corruption investigations.	0
Finucane Killer Could Be Free in Eight Months Pat Finucanes killer expects to be a free man by next May despite a judge jailing him today for a minimum of 22 years. Loyalist assassin Ken Barrett, 41, is expected 	0
Ryanair launches routes from Italy Ryanair will fly to seven new destinations from Italy #39;s Orio al Serio airport as of next year and is to increase the number of aircraft based there, Europe #39;s biggest low-cost airline says.	2
Schedule displeases Smith Michigan State played a season opener Saturday on the road for the first time since 1994, when George Perles final season as coach started with a loss at Kansas.	1
Suicide by cobra thwarted LEOBEN, Austria A man whose apparent attempt to kill himself using a cobra was thwarted by Austrian police is in critical condition.	0
SEC may backtrack on fund regulation The Securities and Exchange Commission is considering whether to abandon an unpopular proposal that was designed in part to curtail improper mutual fund trading, according to a published report Thursday.	2
Patriots Sign First-Round Pick Watson (AP) AP - The New England Patriots signed first-round draft pick Benjamin Watson on Monday, ending the tight end's lengthy holdout.	1
Iraqi Delegation Set for Najaf Peace Bid (Reuters) Reuters - Iraqi political and religious leaders\prepared to go to the holy city of Najaf on Tuesday in a\last-ditch bid to persuade a radical Shi'ite cleric to end a\rebellion that has killed hundreds and rattled oil markets.	0
Government to Begin Passenger Screening Officials from the Department of Homeland Security formalized plans on Thursday to begin screening airline passengers against a list of potential terror suspects 	2
UPDATE: Australia #39;s National Foods Steps Up Bid Defence MELBOURNE (Dow Jones)--Australian dairy company National Foods Ltd. (NFD.AU) Friday signaled there is a remote chance a rival bidder may challenge the hostile A\$1.	2
More than 80 Protesters Dead as Thai Government Cracks Down on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Thai security forces have begun large-scale detentions in the predominately-Muslim south of the country following a clash with demonstrators Monday that left more than 80 protesters dead.	0
Man Utd launch investigation Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger welcomed the news that Manchester United had launched an investigation into the tunnel fracas after Monday #39;s bad-tempered contest.	1
Report: Mich. Police ID Two Men in Brawl (AP) AP - Indiana Pacers guard Fred Jones and a brother of Detroit Pistons center Ben Wallace were identified by police as participants in last month's NBA brawl, the Detroit Free Press reported Saturday.	1
Mactier #39;s pursuit halted by Kiwi gold CHAMPION Kiwi cyclist Sarah Ulmer denied Victorian Katie Mactier the Olympic Games 3000m individual pursuit gold medal today by smashing the world record.	1
Gasol gets six more years to play for West, Brown Pau Gasol has been in the NBA for three seasons. That #39;s been long enough for the 7-foot Spaniard to realize he wants to keep working with Jerry West and Hubie Brown.	1
Mortgage rates take a tumble Long-term mortgage rates tumbled to six-month lows this week amid concerns the economic expansion may be losing steam. Defying expectations earlier this year that it would now hover around 6.5 percent, the 	2
Standards group scuttles Microsoft e-mail proposal com September 13, 2004, 1:48 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.	3
Toronto Taps Lake Ontario to Stay Cool Seeking relief from urban heat, Toronto has tapped into Lake Ontario's frigid depths to cool downtown office buildings. The "waste" is used as drinking water.	3
Pacers Top Hawks 108-97 in OT (AP) AP - Jamaal Tinsley scored a season-high 29 points and the Indiana Pacers snapped a seven-game losing streak Tuesday night, beating the Atlanta Hawks 108-97 in overtime.	1
Westfield and Multiplex team up to bid for Chelsfield MELBOURNE: Global shopping mall owner Westfield Group will team up with Australian developer Multiplex Group to bid 585mil (US\$1.	2
No. 11 Tennessee Mows Down La. Tech 42-17 (AP) AP - Erik Ainge threw three touchdown passes and Cedric Houston ran for 160 yards and two more scores, leading No. 11 Tennessee to a 42-17 win over Louisiana Tech on Saturday night.	1
Finish line, November 2 The New York City medical examiner #39;s office reported Monday former major league third baseman Ken Caminiti died from a drug overdose.	1
Olympics: Thorpe Beats Phelps as U.S. Fights Gold Gap  ATHENS (Reuters) - Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe beat  arch-rival Michael Phelps in the men's 200-meter freestyle on  Monday as the United States pursued China, Australia and Japan  in the medals table on day three of the Olympic Games.	1
Update 4: European Central Bank Keeps Rates Unchanged The European Central Bank left interest rates unchanged Thursday, saying high oil prices meant uncertain prospects for Europe #39;s economic recovery.	2
Telecoms Tie-Up Mobile phone group mmO2 and giant Japanese telecoms giant NTT DoCoMo joined forces to launch the i-mode internet service in the UK, Germany and Ireland.	3
CNNfn Network to Close by Mid-December  NEW YORK (Reuters) - CNNfn, the financial news cable  network owned by Time Warner Inc., on Thursday said it will  cease business operations by mid-December due to the growing  competitive challenges.	2
10 questions about the Eagles-Cowboys game How predictable was this? All the frustration from the pummeling in Pittsburgh was due to be taken out on somebody. And the way the Cowboys have played the past few weeks, they seemed like the perfect patsy for the Eagles.	1
Vote keeps Lebanon on road to Damascus INNER Beirut was swamped by soldiers and riot police at the weekend as the Lebanese parliament convened to extend the term of President Emile Lahoud, reappointing the Syrian-backed former soldier for three more years.	0
Problems with PayPal Persist for Fifth Day PayPal #39;s problems arrive at the very start of the crucial holiday selling season. Users began to note problems on Friday following a software upgrade, eBay said.	3
BASEBALL ROUNDUP Astros Apply Power in a Drive for More The Houston Astros, who are battling for a wild-card playoff spot, powered their way to a season-best sixth straight victory yesterday.	1
Cooper had  #39;right stuff #39; for NASA #39;s space quest Earlier this month, the US space program lost one of its most colorful pioneers - Leroy Gordon  quot;Gordo quot; Cooper Jr., one of the Mercury 7 astronauts, whose exploits and foibles 	3
PeopleSoft's customer woes Competitors say they are winning contracts over PeopleSoft because of concern about company's future.	3
Lowe's Net Income Up 18 Percent  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Lowe's Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LOW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LOW.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's second  largest home improvement retailer, on Monday reported an 18  percent increase in second-quarter net income and said earnings  for the rest of the year would top analysts' estimates.	2
United Airlines Sees More Job Losses  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The head of UAL Corp.'s United  Airlines said on Thursday the airline's restructuring plan  would lead to a significant number of job losses, but it was  not clear how many.	2
Japan Says Body Found Not Iraq Hostage Chief Cabinet Secretary Hiroyuki Hosoda, center, is surrounded by reporters as he speaks on a body found in Iraq at the prime minister #39;s official residence in Tokyo Saturday, Oct. 30, 2004.	0
Camara trickery PRE-SEASON was supposed to have ended a month ago. Yet, such is the obsession with the Champions League down Celtic Park way, it was impossible to escape the feeling that yesterdays oh-so-bloody-easy Premierleague 	1
Non-legendary little people We have grown taller and heavier since the 1960s, according to a new study, but compared with a newly discovered human species, we are really, really huge.	3
Howard meets Aboriginal star Aboriginal sports star Michael Long highlights discrimination and poverty during talks with Australia's PM John Howard.	0
No. 19 Louisville Tops Tennessee St. (AP) AP - Francisco Garcia matched his career-high with 29 points, including eight straight during a 27-4 run, and No. 19 Louisville pulled away for a 98-64 victory over Tennessee State on Sunday.	1
Raps coach wants team to believe TORONTO -- The Toronto Raptors have to believe. That was coach Sam Mitchell #39;s message after the Raptors held on to win their final NBA preseason game 100-92 over the Cleveland Cavaliers last night.	1
Consumers Tighten Borrowing in August WASHINGTON Oct. 7, 2004 - Consumers cut back on their borrowing in August by the largest amount since the end of 1990 as confidence in the economy fell and energy prices surged.	2
Chances of New U.S.-EU Aircraft Pact Dwindling -EU  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and the European  Union are unlikely to reach agreement on a new civil aircraft  pact, a European Union official said on Thursday, increasing  chances the two sides could fight out the issue at the World  Trade Organization.	0
VIEW: No monopoly on terrorism Rashed Rahman Pakistan, or for that matter any other country in the world, has no monopoly on being a victim of terrorism. In Dhaka to attend a conference of the South Asian Free Media Association (SAFMA), I was a witness 	0
Microsoft Takes On ITunes Microsoft plans to launch an online music store. Also: Copernic Technologies releases free desktop search software   hellip;. Hitachi, Matsushita Electric Industrial and Toshiba team up to make displays for flat-screen TVs   hellip;. and more.	2
Calvillo surpasses 6,000-yard plateau to lead Als past Argos 58-20 Anthony Calvillo threw three touchdown passes and surpassed the 6,000-yard plateau as the Montreal Alouettes humiliated the Toronto Argonauts 58-20 on Thursday night.	1
StorageTek #39;s Storability Buy Marks Second Industry Acquisition &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For the second time this week, a storage hardware vendor has acquired a storage software vendor. On Thursday, officials of Louisville, Colo.	3
Taliban Commander Killed in Afghan Raid KANDAHAR, Afghanistan - Afghan security forces killed a senior Taliban commander and two of his comrades in a raid in southern Afghanistan, an official said Sunday.    Maulvi Abdul Ghaffar, reportedly a former inmate at the U.S...	0
Footage of Bradley confrontation erased Milton Bradley was back in the Los Angeles Dodgers #39; lineup Thursday, going 2 for 3 with a home run, double and walk in an 8-3 loss to St.	1
Egypt bomb blasts kill 22 At least 22 people have been killed in back-to-back bombings in Egyptian resorts packed with Israeli tourists, and Israel says it appears to be the work of al Qaeda.	0
Report: Russia May Give Yukos Unit Warning (AP) AP - Russia's natural resources minister said Friday that he thought his ministry would give the main production unit of the battered Yukos oil company a three-month warning before pulling its drilling licenses, the Interfax news agency reported.	0
Redskins Rookie Taylor Arrested on DUI Charges  ASHBURN, Va. (Sports Network) - Washington Redskins rookie  safety Sean Taylor was arrested on charges of driving under the  influence of alcohol and also refusing to take a breathalyzer  test.	1
Eyeing Downturn, Chip Makers Trim Equipment Buying  TAIPEI (Reuters) - The semiconductor industry is showing  the first signs of slowing growth, trimming purchases of raw  materials and production equipment as demand slows, industry  executives and analysts said on Tuesday.	3
Oil prices charge toward \$50 a barrel; gasoline prices surge Oil prices charged toward \$50 a barrel Monday, and gasoline prices surged to \$1.92 a gallon last week, as petroleum output in the Gulf of Mexico returns at a slower-than-expected rate after Hurricane Ivan and geopolitical unrest keeps traders on edge.	2
Tamada Makes his Mark Makoto Tamada took his third pole position of the season with a blistering lap late in final qualifying at Valencia today. The Camel Honda rider, who 	1
Advo Names Harding CEO Advo Inc. (AD), which publishes shopping ad circulars and provides other direct-mail marketing services, on Monday said its board of directors had elected Scott Harding chief executive, effective Oct. 15.	2
U.S. Dream Team Spanked in Ryder Cup Play (AP) AP - Hal Sutton wanted his best two players to set the tone for the Ryder Cup. Did they ever. Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson got hammered in the morning and blew it in the afternoon, and the rest of the Americans followed suit Friday as Europe matched the largest first-day lead in Ryder Cup history.	1
Allied Domecq sees earnings growing Allied Domecq, the world #39;s second-biggest spirits company, says its annual earnings will show growth, led by a strong performance of its top spirit brands.	2
Salesforce.com posts 82 percent rise in revenue Subscription software maker reports jump in third-quarter sales, but sees growth slowing next year.	3
Nine out of 10 teams say that Silverstone is saved The British Grand Prix at Silverstone seems certain to be reprieved after a deal between Formula One teams. Nine of the 10 teams agreed to cut testing by 50 per cent to bear the cost of two extra races at 	1
Briefly: Cisco CEO's salary shoots up from \$1 roundup Plus: SanDisk ups capacity on flash memory cards...Google tests Froogle in U.K....Senate postpones vote on file-swapping bill...HP may expand Puerto Rican research.	3
Israelis mass along Gaza JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza StriP -- Israeli aircraft struck more targets in the Gaza Strip yesterday as the army massed an armoured force in apparent preparation for a major military operation against militants in Jebaliya, the Palestinians #39; biggest 	0
Dutch Raid Kurdish Training Camps, Arrest 29  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch authorities have raided a  suspected training camp of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK)  guerrilla group in the southern Netherlands and arrested 29  people, prosecutors said on Friday.	0
US Airways to Keep Flying Most Planes US Airways Group Inc. said Thursday has reached agreements with its lenders and lessors for continued use and operation of substantially all of its mainline and Express fleet.	2
Scientists Play Chicken A group of international researchers at Michigan State University has decoded the genome of the chicken and found that the main ingredient of McDonald #39;s (NYSE: MCD) Chicken McNuggets has a genetic 	3
Microsoft Files More Lawsuits over Spam Going after spammers rather than focusing merely on developing antispam technology is an important step, John Movina, spokesperson for the Coalition Against Unsolicited Commercial Email, said.	3
Car Bombs Kill Five Troops in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Car bombs killed five U.S. troops in Iraq, the U.S...	0
Cropp Wants Deadline Extension  Thomas Boswell: In the coming days, Washington and its disingenuous DC Council must make a simple decision.  Michael Wilbon: Now is not the time for Linda Cropp to show the city how tough she is.	1
GOP platform: Broadband and R D tax credits Widely available broadband, electronic health records and increased government spending on research and development (R D) are among the technology-related goals in the U.S. Republican Party's 2004 platform, released this week.	3
Verizon launches 'Iobi' service Verizon Communications Inc. yesterday launched a new \$7.95-a-month messaging and call-forwarding service that lets people get many of the benefits of advanced Internet phone systems, even if they have only conventional telephone lines and dial-up Net access -- or no computer at all.	2
Renault to invest \$573 million in Korea SEOUL The chairman of the French automaker Renault announced on Tuesday that it would invest 600 billion won in its South Korean operation, Renault Samsung Motors, to develop a sports utility vehicle and engine production facilities.	2
Jerusalem bishop: Israel will miss Arafat The Episcopal bishop of Jerusalem says Israel may soon long for the days when Yasser Arafat was alive. The Right Reverend Riah Abu el-Assal told the Honolulu Star-Bulletin during 	0
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution For the Braves, Tuesday #39;s rainout means they #39;re scheduled to close the season with 27 games in 27 days, including doubleheaders today against the Phillies and Monday against the Mets in New York.	1
Chinese media demands investment in mine safety A woman breaks down after she was told the fate of her husband, one of the miners trapped in the Chenjiashan coal mine in Tongchuan city, north China #39;s Shaanxi province November 29.	0
3G rival i-Mode finally hits the UK Mobile network operator O2 has completed a deal with Japan #39;s NTT DoCoMo which will allow it to market 3G rival i-Mode services in the UK, Germany and Ireland.	3
British Airways cancels about 1,000 Heathrow flights LONDON, September 16 (New Ratings) - British Airways (BAI1.FSE) has cancelled about 1,000 inbound and outbound flights from London #39;s Heathrow Airport over the next three months.	2
Browns' Garmon Injures Knee (AP) AP - Browns offensive guard Kelvin Garmon is probably done for the season after tearing knee ligaments during Cleveland's loss in Baltimore.	1
Gates vs. Jobs: The Rematch With Microsoft's entrance into the portable music business, Apple's Steve Jobs must do what he has failed to do in the past: prevail over his old nemesis, Bill Gates.	3
Office Depot Says It Will Cut 900 Jobs Office Depot plans to cut 900 jobs as it consolidates operations at eight call centers and offices in six states. In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Office 	2
Mozilla Exceptions (mexception) \\For some reason I never released this code.\\I developed it while working on NewsMonster and just forgot I think\\It's an extension for Mozilla that allows you to see all runtime exceptions\(with full stack traces) that are unhandled by Mozilla. \\Just install it and if your code generates an unhandled exception it will show\up in the logs and on the console.\\Very handy for doing any hardcore Mozilla development.\\	3
Dillon, Brady Lead Patriots to 24th Win in 25 Games  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Corey Dillon ran for a pair of  touchdowns and Tom Brady threw for 315 yards as the New England  Patriots registered a 27-19 win over the Chiefs in the Monday  night game in Kansas City.	1
Novartis to share diabetes research Swiss drug giant Novartis SA said yesterday it is spending \$4 million to fund scientists performing diabetes research at Harvard University, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and the Broad Institute, and will make the findings public for other scientists to use.	2
Pakistani Tribesmen Fail to Secure Release of Chinese Hostages A delegation of Pakistani tribal elders has met with the leader of al-Qaida-linked militants holding two Chinese engineers hostage, but failed to secure their release.	0
Update 7: Tentative Deal Reached in Casino Strike In front of Bally #39;s Atlantic City, a discarded  quot;On Strike quot; sign was stuffed in a trash can. Absent from the famed Boardwalk were the conga lines of chanting and singing strikers.	2
Nepal mosque stoned after Iraq killings Dozens of people have thrown stones at a mosque in Kathmandu and tried to set it on fire to protest against the killing of 12 Nepalis in Iraq.	0
NCAA Game Summary - James Madison vs. Montana Chattanooga, TN (Sports Network) - Justin Rascati and Maurice Fenner each ran for two touchdowns to lead the James Madison Dukes over the Montana Grizzlies, 31-21, in the Division I-AA championship game at Finley Stadium.	1
Handset Makers Raising Virus Defenses  HELSINKI (Reuters) - Software security companies and  handset makers, including Finland's Nokia &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=NOK1V.HE qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;NOK1V.HE&lt;/A&gt;, are  gearing up to launch products intended to secure cell phones  from variants of the Internet viruses that have become a  scourge for personal computer users.	3
Dollar Slumps on Regional Factory Data The dollar sagged on Thursday, pressured by a sharply weaker-than-expected US regional manufacturing survey, but the currency remained rangebound as dealers awaited comments 	2
Israel #146;s AG suggests changes to barrier  JERUSALEM -- Israel risks international sanctions and other serious diplomatic repercussions surrounding the barrier it is building in the West Bank and must be prepared to make further changes in the route, the nation's attorney general has warned in a report.	0
Saturn Mission to Benefit Earth: UK Technology Will Help &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UK technology that will safely guide a spacecraft to Saturns largest moon is being adapted to land aeroplanes, help emergency services reach accidents quickly and improve safety on our roads.	3
Operation Web Snare nets 150 cyber criminals This week, US Attorney General, John Ashcroft, recounted the successful efforts of  quot;Operation Web Snare quot; which was undertaken starting June 1 st , in curtailing the efforts of more than 150 cyber criminals.	3
Microsoft, Cisco Team on Network Access Protections 10/19/2004 -- Microsoft and Cisco are teaming up to share security information across products, an effort that should ultimately make offerings from both vendors more secure.	3
ELS CHASING 1MILLION BIRTHDAY PRESENT Ernie Els will try to mark his 35th birthday tomorrow by winning the World Match Play title at Wentworth for a record-breaking sixth time, and with it collect golf #39;s biggest cheque of 1million yet again.	1
No Rumble in the Jungle for Ali and Frazier  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Laila Ali will not fight Jacqui  Frazier in Kinshasa on the 30th anniversary of the "Rumble in  the Jungle," the boxer's manager said on Tuesday.	1
Oil Up 6 As US Heating Stocks Fall Oil prices surged more than two dollars on Wednesday as the US government reported a fall in heating oil stocks and cold weather gripped the US.	2
Dozens killed in bomb blasts at Sinai resorts The surge of violence in the Middle East spilled across Israel #39;s southern border into Egypt last night as more than 30 holidaymakers were killed and scores more injured in a devastating series of apparently coordinated car bomb attacks in Red Sea resorts.	0
EBay to Tender for South Korea's Internet Auction (Reuters) Reuters - EBay Inc.  on Thursday\said it will soon launch a tender offer to buy the remaining\outstanding shares of South Korea's Internet Auction Co. Ltd.\for about  #36;41.1 million in cash.	3
CHECA TAKES TOP SPOT Carlos Checa upstaged team-mate Valentino Rossi to take pole position for the inaugural Qatar Grand Prix at Losail. The track, new to the MotoGP calendar, has sprung several surprises throughout practice and 	1
SEC, PCAOB Allow Extra Time on Internal Control Reporting Washington (Dec. 1, 2004) - Thanks to some fast footwork by regulators at the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, accounting firms and many of their smaller 	2
IBM Triples Transistor Performance with Germanium Improved electron flow is the key to more powerful chips.	3
Paul McCartney: The Un-Janet Geriatric rocker Paul McCartney has been tapped to headline the halftime show of Fox #39;s telecast of Super Bowl XXXIX.  quot;There #39;s nothing bigger then being asked to perform at the Super Bowl, quot; McCartney says in a statement.	1
Wages rise more than expected Wages rose faster than expected in the June-August period but analysts say the increases are still not high enough to cause inflation worries at the Bank of England.	2
Human spaceflight the key for new NASA boss NASA #39;s next leader must wholeheartedly back the US president #39;s space plan - which focuses on human space flight - says departing boss Sean O #39;Keefe.	3
UN Peacekeepers, Haitian Police Arrest 75 in Sweep UN peacekeepers and Haitian police say 75 people have been arrested during a sweep aimed at curtailing violence in the capital city of Port-au-Prince.	0
Microsoft offers SP2 compatibility guide Microsoft has launched a do-it-yourself kit to help IT professionals assess their software #39;s compatibility with Windows XP Service Pack 2. Fears among system administrators and IT managers that XP SP2 may 	3
Vodafone seeks second place in Japan with slice of growing 3G market (AFP) AFP - British giant Vodafone said it aimed to become the second biggest operator in Japan through an aggressive push in third-generation (3G) service which is taking off in the country.	3
Opec #39;s new cash pile THE rise in the price of crude oil over the last several months has brought the 11 members of Opec an unprecedented windfall, so much so it has revealed some cracks within what was supposedly the cartel #39;s public unity on prices.	2
IBM Puts PC Unit Up for Sale - NY Times  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  has put its personal computing business up for sale in a deal  that could be worth as much as \$2 billion, the New York Times  reported on Friday.	2
Lehman and Geiberger Share Lead at Greensboro Classic  GREENSBORO, North Carolina, Oct 16 (Reuters) - British Open  winner Tom Lehman and Brent Geiberger shared the lead after the  third round of the Greensboro Classic Saturday.	1
 #39;Dream team #39; beat improved Angola The US men #39;s basketball team finally got a convincing victory at the Olympic tournament on Monday, trouncing winless Angola 89-53 in their final preliminary round Group B match.	1
Exploit code for JPEG flaw released Security experts warned on Wednesday that  quot;exploit code quot; has been released for the critical flaw discovered in the way Windows and other Microsoft products handle JPEG images (see our previous coverage).	3
Napster plans to offer mobile ringtones Online music retailer Napster announced its plans to enter the mobile ringtones market on Thursday. Napster, part of Roxio, Inc., said, it will partner with mobile content publisher Dwango Wireless to deliver ringtones to its mobile customers.	3
HP unveils its iPod, entertainment media center Hewlett-Packard (HP) is hot about what it considers a consumer revolution in digital media, and on Friday the company #39;s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 	3
Fed #39;s McTeer sole candidate to head Texas A amp;M Dallas Federal Reserve President Robert McTeer was named on Wednesday as the sole candidate to become Chancellor of the Texas A amp;M University System and his office said he would release a statement later.	2
Israel releases senior Hamas leader A senior member of the Palestinian resistance group Hamas has been released from an Israeli prison after completing a two-year sentence.	0
Weather dampens Unilever sales Unilever, the consumer products giant, said today that profits had slipped during the third quarter - as had sales of its top 400 brands.	2
Ogilvy signals intentions at Classic Geoff Ogilvy, buoyed by one of the most unlikely pars of his life, overcame a mediocre start to charge back into contention after the third round at the Funai Classic at Disney World.	1
Pitcairn Island mass trial sees first guilty pleas in child sex &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The united front presented by the seven defendants in the Pitcairn child sex abuse trial has finally started to crumble, with Dennis Christian, a descendant of the Bounty 	0
US Soldier Gets 25 Years In Murder of Iraqi Guard A US soldier was sentenced to 25 years in prison for the murder of an Iraqi National Guardsman in May, the US military said Saturday.	0
Blair to push for Mid East peace BRITISH Prime Minster Tony Blair called for new efforts to revive the Middle East peace process today after the death of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat and just hours before he sets off to visit US President George W. Bush.	0
Gateway Narrows Loss Gateway (GTW:NYSE - news - research) narrowed its loss and beat Wall Street #39;s bottom-line expectations for the quarter ending in September.	2
Climate control delegates talk global warming BUENOS AIRES, Argentina - Delegates to a United Nations climate conference discussed new ways to combat greenhouse emissions after the current agreement expires as nearly 200 countries continued meetings Thursday on the effort to limit a gradual rise of 	0
2D Metal Slug offers retro fun Like some drill sergeant from the past, Metal Slug 3 is a wake-up call to today's gamers molly-coddled with slick visuals and fancy trimmings.	3
Violence continues in Fallujah A witness said one of the wounded was a taxi driver who was allegedly shot by American soldiers as he was driving a family back from Baghdad.	0
Supreme Court Addresses Prison Sentences (AP) AP - With thousands of prison sentences on the line, the Supreme Court will decide whether judges have too much power to tack on extra cell time in a case that one justice said could wreak havoc on courthouses nationwide.	0
Macworld Boston moves to new venue (MacCentral) MacCentral - Framingham, Mass.-based IDG World Expo on Friday announced that Macworld Boston, which returned to Massachusetts last year, would be leaving the new Boston Convention  amp; Exhibition Center (BCEC) in favor of the Hynes Convention Center for the 2005 summer show. Show organizers cite venue size as the main reason for moving the event.	3
Pentagon Blocks Access to Site for Overseas Voters (Reuters) Reuters - Some Americans overseas are being\denied access to a Pentagon-run Web site intended to make it\easier for them to vote by absentee ballot due to security\measures to thwart hackers, the Pentagon said on Tuesday.	3
Gateway to repurchase stock from America Online Computer maker Gateway Inc. Tuesday said it has agreed to repurchase stock held by America Online Inc. for \$316 million. AOL, which is a unit of media and entertainment company Time Warner 	2
ARM to buy designer of systems-on-a-chip With the acquisition of Artisan Components, ARM will get 340 employees, plus facilities in California and India.	3
Court clears way for Anwar appeal Malaysia #39;s top court has agreed to review the corruption conviction of Anwar Ibrahim, the country #39;s former deputy prime minister.	0
To Market, to Market, Without the Drive A preoccupied parent revisits the world of grocery shopping on the Web and finds that a lot has changed.	3
China #39;s consumer electronic industry to hit \$94 billion HONG KONG - China #39;s consumer electronics industry is projected to reach \$49.6 billion in sales this year, growing by more than 20 percent annually to reach \$94 billion in 2007, according to a report from Global Sources Ltd.	3
Opera Mobile reaches 1 million direct downloads Opera Software has announced that over 1 million copies of its Opera Mobile web browser for Symbian OS have been downloaded from the company #39;s direct download site 	3
Thousands Remain Without Power in Eastern Canada (Reuters) Reuters - Hundreds of thousands of people in\Eastern Canada could be without electricity until the end of\the week, officials said on Monday, after an early winter\blizzard downed power lines and crumpled transmission towers.	3
Saskatchewan court rules traditional definition of marriage unconstitutional (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SASKATOON (CP) - Saskatchewan became the seventh Canadian jurisdiction to allow same-sex marriages Friday after a judge ruled the current federal law on the subject unconstitutional.	0
M amp;S sales fall for fourth straight quarter Marks  amp; Spencer, reporting its fourth straight quarter of falling sales, says food sales slipped slightly in the last two weeks of September but clothing was steady.	2
Report: 18 Dead, 22 Hurt in Iran Accident (AP) AP - A truck slammed into three vehicles Sunday in southern Iran, killing at least 18 people and injuring 22, state-run television reported.	0
Goosen Leads Grand Slam by One Stroke (AP) AP - U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen shot a 7-under-par 65 to take a one-stroke lead Tuesday over PGA champion Vijay Singh in the PGA Grand Slam of Golf.	1
Putin asks Russians to unite against  #39;war #39; In a rare address to his nation at a time of grave crisis, President Vladimir Putin said Saturday that the school siege in the southern city of Beslan was an attack on all of Russia 	0
West Antarctic glaciers speed up Many glaciers in West Antarctica have substantially increased their rate of shrinkage compared with the 1990s.	3
New dinosaur uncovered in Brazil Scientists in Brazil find the bones of a new species of dinosaur that may be related to some found in Europe.	0
TELECOM: FT, REORGANISATION MAKES COMPANY MORE  #39;NORMAL #39; (AGI) - Rome, Italy, Dec. 8 - The merger between Telecom Italia and its mobile arm, Tim, will make the company more normal and will sign the  quot;end of the biggest Italian soap opera quot;.	2
Army to Rebid Part of Iraq Contract Following questions about performance of Halliburton subsidiary, the U.S. Army plans to rebid portions of a giant logistical contract with the company for food, housing and other troop support in Iraq.	2
Randy Moss Fined  #36;5K for Shoving Match (AP) AP - Randy Moss was fined  #36;5,000 by the NFL for his role in a scuffle during last Sunday's game between the Vikings and Chicago Bears.	1
Tories unveil pensions crisis plan The Conservatives today unveiled an eight-point plan to  quot;restore our saving culture quot; ahead of the publication tomorrow of the government #39;s long-awaited Turner report on pensions.	2
DNA fingerprinting  #39;no longer foolproof #39; The genetic profiles held by police for criminal investigations are not sophisticated enough to prevent false identifications, according to the father of DNA fingerprinting.	3
Probe into rising ocean acidity The Royal Society launches a scientific investigation into the rising acidity of the Earth's oceans.	3
Car Bomb in Baghdad Kills at Least 11 A car bomb exploded outside a restaurant in a busy commercial area of Baghdad on Wednesday, killing at least 11 people and wounding 40, police and hospital officials said.	0
Overconsumption threatens ecological balance, WWF warns GENEVA - People are consuming the planet #39;s resources at a rate that outstrips its capacity to support life, a global conservation group said Thursday.	3
Philadelphia Fed Manufacturing Index Falls to 13.4 in September The Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia #39;s index of regional manufacturing fell to 13.4 this month from 28.5 in August. The reading is lower than the median forecast of 25 in a Bloomberg News survey of 56 economists.	2
Cudicini on Wenger #39;s hit list Chelsea reserve keeper Carlo Cudicini has emerged as a possible transfer window target for Arsenal next month. The Italian has fallen behind Petr Cech in the pecking order at Stamford Bridge after the Czech stopper arrived at the club this summer.	1
Update 1: Vivendi, Messier Are Fined \$1.35 Million Vivendi Universal and its former chief Jean-Marie Messier have each been fined 1 million euros (\$1.35 million) for misleading financial information issued by the company when Messier was in charge, Messier #39;s lawyer said Tuesday.	2
Three and easy for slick Celts Much has been made of the extent to which domestic matches such as this one prepare Celtic for the rigours of the Champions League, with the verdict rarely particularly flattering to Scotlands less glamorous clubs.	1
Ferguson hopes of Arsenal action fading Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson #39;s bid to have Arsenal duo Dennis Bergkamp and Thierry Henry punished for what he believes was foul play during last month #39;s  #39;Battle of Old Trafford #39; are set to come to nothing because of Football Association (FA 	1
UN raps Sudan over Darfur crisis Sudan has failed to end militia attacks on civilians in Darfur,  while rebels also broke a truce, a UN envoy says.	0
Griest making a run for URI cross-country Derek Griest, a former track, cross-country, and soccer athlete at Bellingham High, is now a sophomore at the University of Rhode Island, where he is on the varsity cross-country team.	1
Latham #39;s ace: free health care for the over-75s SYDNEY - Australia #39;s opposition leader Mark Latham may have dealt the killer blow against his rival John Howard in the run-up to next week #39;s federal election by offering free medical care to people aged above 75.	0
Hydrogen Fuel Closer to Fruition Finding a cheap way to produce hydrogen fuel has been something of a Holy Grail to energy researchers for years. Recently, teams across the world announced advances, but observers say some promises are running ahead of results. By Daith  hAnluain.	3
Bengals Take Early Lead Over Broncos (AP) AP - Carson Palmer hit a wide-open Chad Johnson on a 50-yard scoring play to give Cincinnati a 7-0 lead over the Denver Broncos after the first quarter of the Bengals' return to "Monday Night Football."	1
Izenberg: American style of basketball can #39;t cut it on foreign &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; They were lucky to get the bronze. They came with one of the finest big men in all of basketball -- but with nobody to back him up.	1
Traders Bet Oracle Wins in Antitrust Case  CHICAGO/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Options traders have been  building bullish positions in PeopleSoft Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; as  investors bet a federal judge will approve Oracle Corp.'s  hostile takeover bid of the business software maker, traders  said on Monday.	2
Winter heating costs expected to top \$1,000 on average Residential heating costs are projected to soar this winter to more than \$1,000 on average because of higher fuel prices and colder weather, the government said yesterday.	2
U.S. Beats Netherlands in the Hopman Cup (AP) AP - James Blake won three straight points in a second-set tiebreaker Tuesday to beat Peter Wessels of the Netherlands 6-1, 7-6 (4) and clinch a 2-0 victory for the United States at the Hopman Cup.	1
Indian Truckers Call Off Strike Indian truckers have called off their weeklong strike to protest a service tax after reaching an agreement with the government, the finance ministry said Saturday.	2
Delta Air Lines averts bankruptcy with pilot deal, faces more &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK (AFP) - Delta Air Lines appeared to have averted imminent bankruptcy with a cost-saving deal with its pilots union, but still faces challenges ahead, analysts said.	2
Dell Plans North Carolina Plant  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dell Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DELL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DELL.O&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday said it  will open a third U.S. manufacturing plant, a plant in North  Carolina employing 1,500 workers, marking a rare example of a  U.S. high-tech company expanding domestic production.	2
Iraq Nuke Sites Were Stripped by Experts-Diplomats  VIENNA (Reuters) - The removal of Iraq's mothballed nuclear  facilities took around one year and was carried out by experts  with heavy machinery and demolition equipment, diplomats close  to the U.N. said on Thursday.	0
Saudi Vows to Guarantee Oil Supplies Top oil exporter Saudi Arabia vowed Sunday to guarantee world crude supplies and said it would hold 1.5-2.0 million barrels per day of spare production in reserve.	2
Google Books It to the Finish Line Google is already viewed by many as the king of search engines, but the newly public company is continuing to launch new services like "Google Print" to keep its crown safe from close competitors. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
Study Raises Concern Over Safety of Pfizer Painkiller Celebrex Pfizer Inc. said today that it had found an increased risk of heart troubles in some people taking higher dosages of Celebrex, its popular arthritis and pain relief drug.	2
Olowokandi suspended for second game following arrest in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Minnesota Timberwolves center Michael Olowokandi was suspended by the team for a second game Friday night, one day after police used a stun gun to subdue him when he refused to leave a club.	1
NHL lockout meeting shows unity among reps There would have been plenty to talk about when player representatives met with union leadership yesterday as the National Hockey League lockout reaches its 48th day.	1
Tiny memory card for mobiles launched Samsung has developed a cut-down version of the multimedia memory card (MMC) that it hopes to see deployed in future mobile phones.	3
Ivan may delay Southern Miss-California game HATTIESBURG, Miss. - Unless Hurricane Ivan drifts drastically to the east by Tuesday morning, the Southern Miss-California football game set for Thursday night will be postponed.	1
Ferrari picks TCS for Formula One IT needs Tata Consultancy Services Ltd will provide IT and engineering services to Scuderia Ferrari for development of formula one (F1) racing car for the racing season beginning next March, making it the first Indian company to enter the F1 stadium in the global 	2
Newsview: Flawed Candidates Neck and Neck (AP) AP - After two debates, voters have seen President Bush look peevish and heard him pass the buck. They've watched Sen. John Kerry deny he's a flip-flopper and then argue that Saddam Hussein was a threat  #151; and wasn't. It's no wonder so few minds have changed.	0
FIs set to discuss RIL board representation MUMBAI, NOVEMBER 28: Admitting that the Reliance boardroom feud involving the Ambani brothers was totally unexpected and had caught them off-guard, domestic financial institutions (FIs) are now expected to discuss the crucial issue of 	2
Soccer / Extravaganza to kick off 2006 World Cup World football #39;s governing body, FIFA, will hold an event to mark the opening of the 2006 World Cup in Germany on the eve of the opening game, the organization #39;s president, Sepp Blatter, announced yesterday.	1
Bush, Annan Spar Over Iraq War at U.N. (AP) AP - After two years, the United States and the United Nations had hoped to take the spotlight off the bitterly divisive war in Iraq. It didn't happen. At the opening of the U.N. General Assembly, President Bush and U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan sparred over the war that can't escape the headlines.	0
Goodbye Gaza Ariel Sharon is often presented outside of Israel as simply a belligerent and uncompromising political hawk and thus an obstacle to the Middle East peace process.	0
UAE Oil Minister Says OPEC Working to Keep Prices in Check Currently, the UAE is  quot;producing almost our full capacity quot; of 2.5 million bpd, Oil Minister Obeid bin Saif al-Nassiri said, commenting on measures to ease the surge in world oil prices.	2
Portsmouth players make Shaka favourite to join Southampton Portsmouth players have installed goalkeeper Shaka Hislop as favourite to follow Harry Redknapp to south coast rivals Southampton.	1
Microsoft Extends SP2 Blocking (Article Central) Microsoft has doubled the time that businesses can block Windows XP Service Pack 2 from downloading automatically, giving them until next April to test the update.	3
Kasprowicz #39;s double strike puts Aussies on top Brisbane, Australia: Australia grabbed two key wickets to have New Zealand on the defensive on the opening morning of the first cricket Test at the Gabba in Brisbane on Thursday.	1
Two Kings Dethroned Sears and Kmart hope that by joining together, they can overcome decades of strategic missteps that have turned the former retail innovators into also-rans.	2
AIG to Pay \$126 Mln to Settle SEC Charges  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - American International Group Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AIG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AIG.N&lt;/A&gt; agreed to pay \$126 million to settle charges it helped  companies fraudulently inflate earnings, the U.S. Securities  and Exchange Commission said on Tuesday.	2
Nokia 9500 Communicator receives Wi-Fi certification The Nokia 9500 Communicator has been granted the IEEE 802-11b and WPA (Wireless Protected Access) certifications by the Wi-Fi Alliance.	3
Franz secures first win of career as Miller misses out Austria #39;s Werner Franz finally collected the maiden World Cup downhill victory of his career Saturday, becoming the first man to beat Bode Miller in the discipline this season.	1
Future of F1 #39;s British Grand Prix is secured The British motorsport industry has the  quot;opportunity to further enhance its reputation as a world leader quot; after the future of the British Grand Prix at Silverstone was secured, according Sports Minister Richard Caborn.	1
Finish line, December 16 Olympics track athlete Marion Jones filed a defamation lawsuit Wednesday against Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative founder Victor Conte, who told a national television audience he gave her steroids and watched her inject herself with them.	1
Now what, Boston? LONG-SUFFERING Boston Red Sox fans partied far into the night after their team won the 2004 World Series over the St. Louis Cardinals in four straight games.	1
beach hut sells for 100,000 At a time when property sales have fallen, a beach hut that measures 8ft by 14ft has been bought for 100,000. The one-room brick chalet at Sandbanks, Dorset, with an impressive view over 	2
Liberty Beat by Nat Hentoff Kofi Annan vs. Me The United Nations is useless to blacks in Darfur. China will veto any meaningful action. his land stinks of fear and death. Nicholas Kristof, The New York Times, from Darfur, October 20.	0
Cheap thrills Sven Jaschan, who may face five years in prison for spreading the Netsky and Sasser worms, is now working in IT security. Photo: AFP.	3
Crucial Senate races costly, caustic (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Money and mud are flying in the final days of nine close contests that will determine which party controls the Senate next year.	0
Phelps to Forgo Final Race of Olympics ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps is done for the Olympics. Shortly after winning his fifth gold medal and seventh overall, Phelps told U.S...	0
IAAF launches investigation into Greek doping scandal Track #39;s governing body began investigating Thursday whether two Greek sprinters who withdrew from the Olympics had tried repeatedly to avoid doping testers.	1
Stocks to Watch on Thursday, October 7 The US cleaning products maker has agreed to buy back a 29 percent stake from Germany #39;s Henkel KGaA (HNKG_p.DE: Quote, Profile, Research) .	2
GM workers hold European-wide day of action against job cuts By our reporters. Some 50,000 auto workers took part Tuesday in protests against plans to cut 12,000 jobs at General Motors European subsidiaries.	2
Few surprises -- or answers -- so far (Sept. 29, 2004) -- New England and Philadelphia clearly are the cream of the crop so far this season. I like Indianapolis, too, but I #39;m still not sold on its defense.	1
Beltre's slam lifts Dodgers Adrian Beltre hit a grand slam to become the first player to reach 40 home runs this year, and Alex Cora homered and had five RBIs to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 10-2 rout of the Expos in Montreal.	1
At New Delhi talks, India cautions Rumsfeld on Pakistan arms sales NEW DELHI -- The United States will build stronger ties with India, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld vowed yesterday, but New Delhi said proposed US arms sales to Pakistan could affect its relations with Washington.	0
Chelsea, Inter Milan Advance in Champions League (Update2) Chelsea defeated CSKA Moscow 1-0 to reach the last 16 of the Champions League, while Ronaldinho #39;s goal helped Barcelona beat six-time champion AC Milan.	1
Goin' Back to Cali: Kent Signs with Dodgers  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Dodgers and  second baseman Jeff Kent agreed to a two-year contract on  Thursday, bringing the All-Star back to the state where he won  his lone NL MVP award.	1
Cassini radar shows diversity on Saturn #39;s moon Titan This radar image of the surface of Saturn #39;s moon Titan was acquired on October 26, 2004, when the Cassini spacecraft flew approximately 1,200 kilometers (745 miles) above the surface and acquired radar data for the first time.	3
FCC Proposes \$1.2M Indecency Fine for Fox WASHINGTON - Federal regulators proposed a record indecency fine of nearly \$1.2 million Tuesday against Fox Broadcasting Co. for an episode of its reality series "Married by America."   The Federal Communications Commission cited the network for the April 7, 2003, program, which included scenes from Las Vegas bachelor and bachelorette parties featuring strippers and various sexual situations...	0
NBA Game Summary - LA Clippers at New York LA ends a three-game road trip on Saturday in Chicago...Newly named New York Mets manager Willie Randolph was in attendance...The Knicks went 26-of-29 from the free throw line...Bobby Simmons had 10 points for the Clippers, who are 2-2 on the road this 	1
Boingo, Vonage Team Up SANTA MONICA, Calif. -- Boingo Wireless and Vonage Holdings Corp., the leading broadband telephony provider in North America, today announced a relationship that teams two industry innovators in an effort 	3
Foreign Doctors Find Arafat Has Flu -Confidant  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A second group of foreign doctors has  found that Yasser Arafat, taken ill last week, was suffering  from the flu, an Israeli Arab politician said on Sunday, adding  the Palestinian president was on the mend.	0
Children #39;s Place to Buy Disney Stores Children #39;s Place Retail Stores Inc. on Wednesday said it agreed to buy Walt Disney Co. #39;s ailing chain of Disney Store in North America, giving Children #39;s Place added presence in the newborn to 10-year-old market.	2
Arafat's Lieutenants to Fly to Paris to See Him  PARIS (Reuters) - Yasser Arafat's senior deputies were to  fly to France on Monday hoping to visit the critically ill  Palestinian president after approving a plan for maintaining  law and order in the West Bank and Gaza.	0
Brillian: Sears Ends Agreement to Buy TVs Brillian Corp. , a maker of high-definition televisions based on its own liquid crystal technology, said on Monday that Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co.	2
Oil Prices Drop from Two-Week Highs  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell from two-week highs on  Thursday, as traders took profits from dramatic gains on  Wednesday driven by renewed fears over fuel supplies for the  northern winter.	2
IBM Report to Be Indicator of IT Spending (AP) AP - International Business Machines Corp. could inject some optimism into the market Monday if its third-quarter earnings report indicates information technology spending is on the rebound.	3
Dollar Mired Near Lows After Weak Data  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar hovered near multi-week lows  on Wednesday as investors questioned whether the U.S. central  bank would raise interest rates next month in the light of  another round of weak U.S. data.	2
Suns 122, Clippers 111 Amare Stoudemire overcame early foul trouble to score 33 points and the Phoenix Suns beat the Los Angeles Clippers 122-111 for their fourth straight victory on Sunday.	1
His house damaged by Hurricane Jeanne, Singh pulls out of AmEx COUNTY KILKENNY, Ireland (PA) -- Hurricane Jeanne has led to world No. 1 Vijay Singh pulling out of this week #39;s WGC-American Express Championship at Mount Juliet.	1
Gatlin Sprints from Unknown to Olympic Gold American Justin Gatlin roared from virtual unknown to win the blue ribband Olympic men #39;s 100 meters race on Sunday, upstaging defending champion Maurice Greene and other more illustrious rivals.	1
Nikon to get 145 million in patent case Nikon, the world #39;s biggest maker of equipment used to etch computer-chip circuits onto silicon wafers, said on Wednesday that it would get \$87 million from its European rival ASML Holding to settle a patent suit dating back to 2001.	2
Tennis: Roddick destroys Canas Defending champion Andy Roddick destroys Guillermo Canas at the US Open.	0
New Palm operating system targets smart phones SUNNYVALE, Calif. PalmSource -- the maker of Palm operating systems for handheld computers -- plans to introduce new software tomorrow to serve as the brains for so-called smart phones.	2
Hewlett-Packard takes a new approach to software The company extends a deal with open-source Java software maker JBoss in an effort to compete with IBM.	3
Safe landing for Seahawks SEATTLE -- Matt Hasselbeck threw two touchdown passes and got another TD on a sneak, leading the Seahawks to a 28-26 win over the Atlanta Falcons yesterday and helping Seattle win the NFC West and secure a first-round playoff game at home.	1
Vocal biologist fired from wildlife agency The US Fish and Wildlife Service has fired a biologist who publicly accused the agency of using bad science to approve construction projects in panther habitat.	3
IBM sharpens BladeCenter offering IBM has beefed up its popular BladeCenter offering with the introduction of six new models and improved power management features.	3
Forbes lists 400 Americans with most billions, millions The Bay Area #39;s super rich had mixed financial results over the past year with the exception of Google #39;s top executives, whose wealth soared thanks to their company #39;s recent initial public offering.	2
Phil Schiller, analysts discuss the iMac G5 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc.'s Senior Vice President of Hardware Product Marketing, Phil Schiller, officially kicked off Apple Expo Paris this week introducing the iMac G5 during his keynote address. Analysts are unanimous in their support for the new consumer machine and the strategic ties Apple has drawn between the iMac and the iPod in marketing the computer.	3
Darfur: Seeking the truth - Special Series on Sudan The United Nations has called Darfur the home of the worst humanitarian disaster in the world and the publicized statistics regarding events within the past 18 months in this western region of the Sudan are horrific.	0
Italy remains calm after loss to Slovenia Italy was upset, although not altogether distraught, after its first loss in World Cup qualifying. Slovenia beat the Azzurri 1-0 in Celje on substitute Bostjan Cesar #39;s 82nd-minute header.	1
CIA Documents Show Struggle Over China (AP) AP - The CIA is offering a rare glimpse into its successes and failures at trying to understand China during its first communist decades in a huge cache of newly declassified documents released this week in Washington.	0
UN calls for more AU monitors in Darfur Camps The United Nations said on Wednesday that African Union monitors should be deployed in Darfur refugee camps and should also monitor police to help in building trust with the local community.	0
Stocks End Sharply Higher as Oil Prices Drop A pull back in oil prices and upbeat outlooks from Wal-Mart and Lowe's prompted new bargain-hunting on Wall Street today.	2
Coming soon: HDTV -- on your cellphone NEW YORK - Texas Instruments Inc. expects to roll out cellphones capable of showing live high-definition television in the US by 2007, Chief Executive Rich Templeton said Thursday in an interview on CNBC.	3
SpaceShipOne Soars to Space for \$10M Prize MOJAVE, Calif. Oct. 4, 2004 - A stubby rocket plane was slung from the belly of a carrier plane toward space Monday in the final leg of a trip toward the edge of the Earth #39;s atmosphere and a \$10 million prize.	3
Powell Acknowledges Signs of NK #39;s Missile Test Following recent reports indicating that North Korea may be preparing to test fire a missile intelligence agencies worldwide are keeping tabs on the latest information.	0
Radical cleric accused of inciting followers LONDON -- British authorities charged extremist cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri yesterday with possessing Al Qaeda literature and inciting the killing of Jews and other non-Muslims, delaying his possible extradition to the United States, where he is wanted on terrorism charges.	0
Routine operation but more evidence of heart trouble Tony Blair will undergo a catheter ablation operation which will correct his heart #39;s abnormal rhythm - a condition the Prime Minister has suffered from in the past.	0
Root, root for Red Sox As hard as it might be for Yankee fans to finally disentangle themselves from Game 7 - it #39;ll be known as just that, Game 7, now and forever - there really are reasons to get out of 	1
Suspect confesses to Shia attacks A Pakistani militant says he carried out a string of attacks which killed at least 100 Shia Muslims.	0
ESPN Star Sports challenge India cricket rights (Reuters) Reuters - Walt Disney Co. and News Corp. are to challenge in court the conditional award of Indian cricket TV rights to local media firm Zee Telefilms Ltd., their ESPN Star Sports joint venture said on Tuesday.	0
Russia mourns siege victims Mourners were preparing on Sunday for the first funerals of more than 330 hostages killed in Russia #39;s school hostage siege as a top local official reportedly resigned over the crisis.	0
Warm feeling from bagels NEW YORK -- The  quot;Basel Baker, quot; a.k.a. Roger Federer, was in town yesterday, peddling his finest bagels on an asphalt meadow in Flushing.	1
Ford's President and Vice Chairman to Retire; Padilla to Replace Scheele Ford Motor Co. announced the retirements of president Nick Scheele and vice chairman Allan Gilmour on Thursday, two company veterans tapped by Bill Ford to help the company emerge from a sea of red ink during the past three years.	2
No. 2 Kansas Hosts Horned Frogs LAWRENCE, Kan. (Ticker) -- Second-ranked Kansas looks to post its 12th straight win at Allen Fieldhouse when its host Texas Christian on Thursday.	1
Oracle Lets Loose  #39;Tsunami #39; Collaboration Suite 10g SAN FRANCISCOOracle Corp. topped off a torrent of product announcements during its OpenWorld customer conference this week with the introduction of its Collaboration Suite 10g, which is designed as a universal 	3
Park continues torrid play at Samsung Grace Park built a four-shot lead at the Samsung World Championship Friday with a tournament record, 36-hole total of 15-under 129.	1
Two U.S. Embassy Workers Hurt in Bombing (AP) AP - The bombing at the Taba Hilton hotel in Egypt caused slight injuries to two American employees of the U.S. embassy in Israel and their families, the State Department said Friday.	0
VoIP: Find Out More About 'Net Phone Calling Express features editor Holly Morris discusses Tuesday's special report about local providers of VoIP -- services that let you talk over the Internet with a regular phone and a broadband connection.	3
Controversial columnist, gifted filmmaker  quot;A professional adolescent, a die-hard reactionary, quot; is how Theo van Gogh (47) used to characterise himself. The Dutch film director and newspaper columnist who was 	0
Ready for Liftoff Here in the lime-green payload bay of the space shuttle Enterprise, Anne McCombs is going boldly where -- well, where only a few men have gone before.	3
India assess Bangladesh security An Indian security team travels to Bangladesh to decide on the tour's future.	0
Bomb Blasts in Baghdad Kill at Least 35, Wound 120 Insurgents detonated three car bombs near a US military convoy in southern Baghdad on Thursday, killing at least 35 people and wounding around 120, many of them children, officials and doctors said.	1
North Carolina Cruises Playing their fifth game in eight days, the Tar Heels get 23 points from Jawad Williams to beat Southern California, 97-65.	1
Freeing the Grapes? It bothers Juanita Swedenburg that many of her customers are criminals in the eyes of the law. Swedenburg sells premium handmade wines from grapes that she grows on her 130-acre farm in northern Virginia, and 	2
Hamdi Returned to Saudi Arabia RIYADH, Saudi Arabia - Yaser Esam Hamdi, a Saudi-American citizen who was captured on the Afghanistan battlefield and held without charges for nearly three years, has been freed and returned Monday to Saudi Arabia.    Interior Ministry spokesman Brig...	0
Australia #39;s Metcash Unveils A\$846M Bid For Foodland -2- SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Australian grocery and liquor wholesaler Metcash Trading Ltd. (MTT.AU) Monday launched aA\$846 million takeover bid for the Australian assets of Perth-based Foodland Associated Ltd.	2
Arizona pulls away for another NIT win Mustafa Shakur scored 23 and Ivan Radenovic 20 - both career highs - in No.10 Arizona #39;s 80-69 victory over San Diego on Tuesday in the first round of the Preseason NIT.	1
Israel Plans for Arafat Burial in Gaza Candles and flowers surround a portrait of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in front of the Percy Military Teaching hospital in Clamart outside Paris Saturday, Nov. 6, 2004.	0
Blackburn keeper considers retirement from international soccer Brad Friedel could have played his last game for the United States. A veteran of three World Cups, the 33-year-old keeper is not on the current roster and was quoted as saying on 	1
Investors fear no fix for Netflix Shares of Netflix, which pioneered renting movies by mail, plunged as much as 43 percent after the company cut its subscription price and said Amazon.	2
Nene leads Nuggets past banged-up Pacers It didn #39;t take long for Austin Croshere to figure out that the Indiana Pacers lost another one of their stars to injury.  quot;I saw the look on the X-ray guy #39;s face when he walked out, quot; Croshere said.	1
Darfur Talks Stall Over Disarmament African Union-sponsored talks on the conflict in Sudan #39;s western Darfur region have stalled over the crucial issue of disarmament.	0
Three Amazing Things Your Automobile Can't Do In many vehicles nowadays, you can check your e-mail, view Web sites, even watch television, from the comfort of your driver's seat.	3
NVIDIA and Intel Agree November 19, 2004 - NVIDIA Corporation and Intel Corporation today announced that they have entered into a multi-year, cross-license agreement.	3
Arabs remind Bush of Mideast peace commitment Arab governments have reminded US President George W. Bush of his commitment to Middle East diplomacy, in the hope a second Bush administration will pay more attention to one of their top priorities.	0
Israel bombs Palestinian areas, targets Hamas Jerusalem, Sept 1. (PTI): Vowing to fight terrorism with  quot;all the might quot;, Israel today launched a military offensive against the Palestinian Hamas militant group destroying the house of a man involved in yesterday #39;s suicide attacks that left 16 dead.	0
Four held by anti-terror police Four men have been arrested by police in London on suspicion of commissioning, preparing or instigating acts of terrorism. Three men were held after officers from the Metropolitan Police #39;s anti-terrorist branch 	0
AT amp;T Settles Lawsuit for \$100 M AT amp;T Corp. will pay \$100 million to end a class-action lawsuit by investors who accused AT amp;T and former Chairman C. Michael Armstrong of lying about its outlook to boost its share price, the company said on Tuesday.	2
Penn State Tells 80,000 Students To Chuck IE A public university with an enrollment of over 80,000 puts the kibosh on Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer. A public university with an enrollment of over 80,000 put the kibosh this week on Microsoft #39;s Internet 	3
US  #39;big-ticket #39; orders rise WASHINGTON - Orders for  quot;big-ticket quot; durable goods crept up by a smaller-than-expected margin in September, hit by a sharp descent in demand for planes, government figures showed.	2
Japan's Supreme Court refuses compensation to South Korean war slaves (AFP) AFP - Japan's top court has a damages suit brought by South Koreans forced to work as sex slaves or soldiers by the Japanese Imperial Army, saying their suffering in World War II cannot be compensated under the post-war constitution.	0
Cendant to Spin Off Mortgage Operations Cendant Corp., the world #39;s top hotel franchisor, said Tuesday that it plans to spin off its mortgage and fleet operations in the first quarter of 2005 by distributing PHH Corp.	2
Appliance sales give Sears an Oct. surprise Sears Roebuck and Co. surprised naysayers Thursday by reporting a sales gain in October, the first in six months. Sales at stores open at least a year rose 1.9 percent versus a year ago, largely on the strength 	2
Jazeera: Iraq Militants Kill Two Macedonia Hostages A militant group in Iraq said it had killed two Macedonian hostages it accused of spying for the United States, Arabic television Al Jazeera reported Monday.	0
Once a Model, a Health Plan Is Endangered Tennessee's health care plan for the state's most vulnerable residents, once hailed as an example for the nation, is on the ropes.	0
China facing environment 'crisis' A senior Chinese official tells the BBC the country's environmental problems have reached crisis levels.	0
Japan's Toppan to Buy DuPont Photomasks  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Toppan Printing Co. Ltd. said on  Tuesday it would buy DuPont Photomasks Inc., a U.S.-based maker  of glass plates used in chip production, for 71 billion yen  (\$640 million).	2
Alpharma, Pfizer Launch Generic Neurontin (Reuters) Reuters - Alpharma Inc.  on Friday began\selling a cheaper generic version of Pfizer Inc.'s   #36;3\billion a year epilepsy drug Neurontin without waiting for a\court ruling on Pfizer's request to block the copycat medicine.	2
US economy grows 3.7 percent in third quarter (AFP) AFP - The US economy expanded at a slower-than-expected 3.7 percent annual pace in the third quarter of 2004, the government said in the last major economic report before the November 2 election.	2
Rossi king of Sepang ! na sunny race watched by over 40,000 spectators on the grandstands, Rossi has again shown his supremacy at the Sepang Circuit by clinching yet another race victory in the MotoGP class of the Malaysian Grand Prix.	1
Ukraine rivals face off in 'battleground' eastern region (AFP) AFP - Ukraine's presidential rivals both stumped for votes in this eastern industrial city, a key swing constituency where liberal intellectuals compete for influence with some of the country's most entrenched business interests.	0
UPDATE 1-Alliance Atlantis to refinance high yield debt Alliance Atlantis Communications Inc. (AACb.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) plans to refinance high yield debt, the Canadian television broadcaster, producer and film distributor said on Tuesday.	2
Call center services on the horizon Two carriers plan hosted, IP-based services that provide automatic call distribution, interactive voice response, call control, monitoring and customer-history databases.	3
Oil could hamper euro zone growth The head of the European Central Bank said Thursday there is growing concern about higher energy prices increasing inflationary pressures.	2
FOOTBALL: FIFA CLAIMS LIFT CAHILL HOPES EVERTON midfielder Tim Cahill could win a reprieve within the next 48 hours after a dramatic intervention from FIFA over his controversial dismissal.	1
 #39;Still Committed to Road Map #39;, says Sharon Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon has reaffirmed his commitment to a Middle East peace initiative, despite comments from one of his senior advisers who effectively dismissed the plan.	0
NFL Wrap: Manning Throws 3 TDs to Lead Colts Past Titans  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Peyton Manning threw three touchdown  passes to move closer to the all-time season record as the  Indianapolis Colts routed the visiting Tennessee Titans 51-24  in the NFL on Sunday.	1
Defeatist attitude missing Teryn Ashley had a smile on her face despite her straight-set opening-round loss to 12th-seeded Ai Sugiyama . For the third time this year, the Brookline, Mass., native found herself in the main draw of a major tournament, this time making her debut at the US Open.	1
Gophers rely on golden backfield duo Minnesota coach Glen Mason came to a stop sign on 15th Ave. SE outside the Bierman Athletic Building on Tuesday night and saw his season flash before his eyes.	1
Pentagon Sets Steps to Retake Iraq Rebel Sites Pentagon planners and military commanders have identified areas in Iraq that must be brought under control before elections.	0
Romania Anxiously Awaits Presidential Run-Off Count (Reuters) Reuters - Romanians anxiously awaited an\official count on Monday to reveal who will be their next\president after exit polls from Sunday's run-off vote put Prime\Minister Adrian Nastase and centrist opposition leader Traian\Basescu neck-and-neck.	0
U.S. Current Account Deficit Hits Record  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. current account deficit  grew to a record \$164.71 billion in the third quarter, less  than had been forecast, the Commerce Department said on  Thursday.	2
Violent game #39;s poster falls to gentle request When Charles Grosz read that a boy charged in the brutal beating death of a homeless man had compared it to the violent video game  quot;Grand Theft Auto, quot; he felt saddened.	3
3G chiefs choose AAC for mobile music delivery High Efficiency codec recommended to network, content providers	3
Adult Site Sues Google for Infringment (AP) AP - A Web site that sells photos of naked women is suing Google Inc., alleging that the online search engine leader is destroying its business by distributing links and passwords that provide free glimpses of the nude models.	3
Dawn of man was a lousy day Scientists took a fresh look at human evolution through tiny hitchhikers that have clung to humans and their relatives for centuries - lice.	3
Motor Cycling: Japan #39;s Tamada grabs pole in Japan GP with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MOTEGI, Japan: Local hope Makoto Tamada of Japan has taken pole position with a record lap time for the weekend Japan Grand Prix as world champion Valentino Rossi, seeking his fourth straight title, secured third place.	1
Yanks' Brown Long Shot to Pitch Sunday (AP) AP - Kevin Brown had "no problem" throwing in the bullpen Friday and is a "long shot" to pitch Sunday after breaking his non-pitching hand three weeks ago, New York Yankees manager Joe Torre said before the game against the Boston Red Sox.	1
Survivor recognises accused in Best Bakery case (Reuters) Reuters - A survivor of a massacre during Hindu-Muslim riots in Gujarat in 2002 told a court on Wednesday he recognised seven men from the night of the attack accused of killing 14 people by hacking or burning them to death.	0
Falluja victims, 56 killed, 40 injured At least 13 Iraqis were killed and other 50 injured most of them are members of the Iraqi police in a booby trapped car explosion that targeted a main inspection point for the Iraqi police at al-Rasheed street in the downtown of Baghdad.	0
Malaysia accuses West of fuelling terrorism KUALA LUMPUR : Western countries have fuelled international terrorism through the invasion of Iraq and their stand on the Palestinians, Malaysian Prime Minister Abdullah ahmad Badawi said.	0
League-Leading Galaxy Fires Coach (AP) AP - The Los Angeles Galaxy fired coach Sigi Schmid on Monday despite leading Major League Soccer with 34 points.	1
Blunkett wins right to seek access David Blunkett has won the first round of a High Court battle with his ex-lover over access to her son.	0
Soccer: Ancelotti applauds formidable Shevchenko ROME : AC Milan coach Carlo Ancelotti believes there is much more to Andriy Shevchenko than just finding the net after the Ukrainian striker scored his 100th Serie A goal.	1
NETFLIX, TIVO HOOKUP CLOSE Netflix and TiVo are in late-stage talks on a partnership that would let subscribers use the Internet to download Netflix movies directly into their TiVo box, The Post has learned.	3
Huge haul of ecstasy in Australia SYDNEY - Australian customs officers say they have made an enormous seizure of the designer drug known as ecstasy. Two men will appear in a Sydney court Monday, charged after 820 kilograms of ecstacy tablets 	0
Cingular deal clears hurdle Cingular Wireless moved a step closer to its purchase of AT amp;T Wireless Services after the US Justice Department gave the green light Monday for the \$41 billion deal to proceed.	2
Possible Blackbeard Ship Cannon Found (AP) AP - Underwater archaeologists have found another cannon from the wreckage of what they believe was the flagship of the notorious pirate Blackbeard.	3
24 Dead in Gaza Strip Fighting JEBALIYA REFUGEE CAMP, Gaza Strip - Israeli troops pushed deep into the largest Palestinian refugee camp Thursday, a first in four years of fighting, after a Palestinian rocket killed two preschoolers in an Israeli border town.    Twenty-one Palestinians and three Israelis - including a woman jogging in a Jewish settlement and two soldiers - were killed in the fighting in the northern Gaza Strip...	0
GTA Throws in the Kitchen Sink Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas serves up a little something for everyone, unless you're against mayhem and dark humor. By Lore Sjberg.	3
India wins \$77m steel investment  Australia's largest steelmaker BlueScope is to build three manufacturing plants in India, as part of an ongoing expansion across Asia.	2
Celtics' Gugliotta Back on the Injured List (Reuters) Reuters - The Boston Celtics Wednesday\placed forward Tom Gugliotta back on the injured list.	1
European, Iranian Officials to Discuss Nuclear Issue Diplomats from France, Britain and Germany are expected to meet with Iranian officials Thursday in Vienna to offer Tehran incentives to end its uranium enrichment efforts.	0
Stocks sent sliding on rash of bad news US stocks fell sharply as record oil prices and disappointing sales forecasts from Microsoft Corp. spurred losses in technology shares.	2
Unions reject Alitalia rescue plan LONDON, England -- Italian trade unions have rejected a rescue plan put forward by Alitalia management, intended to turn the airline around with job cuts and a restructured corporate framework.	2
Ryder Cup berths on the line at BMW, Jimenez leads Miguel Angel Jimenez #39;s 66 gave the Spaniard a one-shot lead Friday at the BMW International Open, where European players are in a last-minute scramble to make the Ryder Cup team.	1
Murder police carry out searches Police investigating the murder of a woman in south-west London carry out house-to-house inquiries.	0
Lindh Asks Bush to Reduce Sentence  Attorneys for John Walker Lindh, the suburban Californian convicted of fighting for the Taliban in Afghanistan, asked President Bush yesterday to commute Lindh's 20-year prison sentence.	0
World gaming triumph for UK team One of the UK's gaming clans has scored a double success at the Olympics of the gaming world.	3
Russia Proposes U.N. Terror Suspect List (AP) AP - Russia, which argues that its war in Chechnya is part of the global fight against terrorism, proposed Thursday that the U.N. Security Council establish a new blacklist of terror suspects that calls for the extradition of anyone on it.	0
State of emergency declared in Iraq Iraq #39;s interim government has declared a 60-day state of emergency across the country, except for the Kurdish north. The move was announced by a spokesman for interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi.	0
Harry tussle:  #39;Apology to Charles #39; LONDON, England -- Britain #39;s Prince Harry has apologized to his father, Prince Charles, over his scuffle with a paparazzi photographer outside a nightclub, a London newspaper reported.	0
Kmart Delivers, Bad News for Bears When will the bears admit that Kmart (KMRT:Nasdaq - commentary - research) is for real? When will they say,  quot;You know, the people who used to run Kmart were idiots and things are now better quot;?	2
Broker Pleads Guilty to Cheating Clients A former well-known New York stockbroker pleaded guilty Tuesday to cheating his clients out of millions of dollars and generating fraudulent commissions for himself.	2
Stocks to Watch on August 24  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks to watch: CISCO SYSTEMS  INC. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CSCO.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CSCO.O&lt;/A&gt; Cisco, the world's largest maker of gear for  directing Internet traffic, on Monday distributed 162 million  merit-based common stock options to employees, including 1.5  million to Chief Executive John Chambers. Its shares ended at  \$19.18 on Nasdaq.  	2
Ferreira was a major headache at big ones Maybe a morbid thought, but wouldn't this be a fitting epitaph on Wayne Ferreira's tombstone:	1
Teen's Goal Gives U.S. Shot at Soccer Gold IRAKLION, Greece - The only teenager on the U.S. women's soccer team gave the old vets a chance to leave with one last gold...	0
EU to Cover Half of African Mission in Darfur The European Union says it will contribute \$100 million to an African force in Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region. EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana said during a visit to Ethiopia Saturday the 	0
Oil Prices Slip After Weekly U.S. Energy Report Crude oil futures rose Wednesday ahead of an extended weekend for traders, even though weekly government data showed rising domestic inventories of crude and distillate fuel, which includes heating oil.	2
Schwab sells Soundview to UBS Charles Schwab announced early Tuesday it has reached a deal, as expected, to sell its Soundview Capital Markets unit to Swiss bank UBS for \$265 million in cash.	2
Microsoft Acquires Anti-Spyware Leader GIANT Company Microsoft Corp. today announced that it has acquired GIANT Company Software Inc., a provider of top-rated anti-spyware and Internet security products.	3
MSN Desktop Search Images Surface Screen shots of an early version of MSN #39;s desktop search application began circulating on the Web on Monday, indicating that Microsoft Corp.	3
Proposed Trinidad Alcoa Plant Expanding The production capacity of Alcoa Inc.'s proposed aluminum plant in Trinidad is being expanded by 29 percent, the prime minister said.	0
Stout defense, Broncos #39; bungle propels Jaguars 7-6 The Jacksonville Jaguars are accustomed to playing close games. Now they #39;re finding ways to win them, too. The Jags lost three games in the final minute last season and finished 5-11.	1
England wins World Cup with final-round 64 Seville, Spain (Sports Network) - Paul Casey and Luke Donald of England fired an eight-under 64 in the alternate-shot format Sunday to win the World Golf Championships - World Cup.	1
Japan #39;s navy gives chase to suspicious sub The government ordered the Maritime Self-Defense Force (MSDF) to chase an unidentified submarine that was spotted in Japan #39;s territorial waters around southwestern Okinawa Prefecture Wednesday morning, a government spokesman said.	0
Athletics Edge Orioles 4-3 OAKLAND, Calif. - Jermaine Dye hit a tying two-run single in the sixth and Adam Melhuse followed with a go-ahead single, leading the Oakland Athletics over former teammate Miguel Tejada and the Baltimore Orioles 4-3 on Monday night...	0
Yankees extend lead in AL East The New York Yankees battered Pedro Martinez, chasing Boston out of town with their second rout in a row. Gary Sheffield, Derek Jeter and Jorge Posada 	1
Bank mulls rival proposal for Manchester United The head of a British boutique investment bank, Seymour Pierce, is considering a financial restructuring of Manchester United as a possible rival proposal to a planned takeover by US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer.	1
One in Four Bird Species May Die Out This Century By the end of the century one in 10 species of birds in the world will be extinct and a further 15 percent will be on the brink of extinction.	3
Eli Manning replaces Warner at quarterback Eli Manning, the top pick in this year #39;s NFL draft, has been named the starting quarterback of the New York Giants. Coach Tom Coughlin made the announcement at a Monday news conference.	1
Pakistan's Musharraf starts Brazil visit (AFP) AFP - Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf travels to the Brazilian capital for talks with President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva as he seeks to strengthen his country's international ties and open new markets.	0
Golf: Gallacher scales Dunhill Scotland's Stephen Gallacher wins his first title via a play-off in the Dunhill Links Championship  at St Andrews.	0
Australian Media Giant Posts Earnings Jump Australian media empire Publishing  amp; Broadcasting Ltd. reported Thursday a 75 percent jump in earnings for the fiscal year ending June 30, thanks to a strong economy and a rebound in advertising revenue.	2
Turkey reforms penal code with eye on EU ANKARA: Turkey #39;s bid for membership of the European Union is back on track after the parliament passed far-reaching penal code reforms designed to improve the Muslim nation #39;s human rights record.	0
Stocks Seen Lower After Greenspan  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open lower on  Thursday, a day after comments from Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan  did little to inspire investors and after Texas Instruments  Inc. gave a mixed business forecast.	2
BC High gets back on track For three sloppy quarters, retirement couldn't come soon enough for BC High football coach Jim Cotter. But the final 11 minutes of the game showed why it will be tough for the 41-year veteran to walk away after this season. The Eagles scored twice in the last quarter, including a 3-yard touchdown run by Mike Duffy with 1:34 ...	1
Has the mystery of the Holy Grail been solved? For centuries the whereabouts of the Holy Grail, supposing it exists at all, has exercised the minds of scholars and tested the endurance of treasure hunters.	3
Mussina leads playoff rotation Mel Stottlemyre revealed some of the Yankees #39; postseason pitching plans on Saturday afternoon, but Kevin Brown #39;s performance and the health of Orlando Hernandez are clouding 	1
Ericsson ends Bluetooth hardware development Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson, the company that invented and heavily promoted Bluetooth wireless technology, has decided to discontinue its design and development of new Bluetooth systems for the semiconductor industry.	3
Tension high, Dutch ponder old blasphemy law THE HAGUE Dutch leaders debated Tuesday about invoking a rarely used law banning blasphemy in response to a wave of ethnic tension and violence.	0
Jobless Claims Rise on Back of Hurricane (Reuters) Reuters - The ranks of Americans filing for\initial unemployment compensation swelled last week but at\least half of this increase was linked to devastation wrought\by Hurricane Charley earlier this month, the government said on\Thursday.	2
ASEAN members plan a single market Southeast Asian countries have completed talks on a plan for economic integration, bringing the region a step closer to creating a European-style single market covering 530 million people.	2
Lenovo Buys IBM #39;s PC Business for \$1.25 Billion (Update7) Lenovo Group Ltd. agreed to pay \$1.25 billion for International Business Machines Corp. #39;s personal computer business, making the Chinese company the world #39;s third- largest PC maker and giving it a globally recognized brand.	2
IAEA Inspectors in S.Korea for 2nd Investigation (Reuters) Reuters - Inspectors from the U.N. nuclear watchdog\arrived in Seoul on Sunday to conduct a second inspection of\South Korea's nuclear experiments, a day after the South said\it had no plans to develop or possess nuclear weapons.	0
First game arrives for AMD 64-bit chip Graphics could be more realistic in new version of Atari's "Shadow Ops." But OS to run it won't appear till 2005.	3
Earth #39;s Shadow Completely Covers The Moon JONESBORO--  quot;Well tonight the moon will be on the other side, and this would be a full moon normally because the moon is up here, above the plane between the earth and the sun, or below it.	3
Fast Track America Shawn Crawford is weird. Two years ago, the US Olympic sprinter wore a Phantom of the Opera mask during a race in Italy; Crawford was disqualified after the disguise blocked his sight, causing him to stray from his lane.	1
HP drops Itanium workstations SEPTEMBER 24, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Hewlett-Packard Co. has stopped selling workstations based on Intel Corp. #39;s Itanium 2 microprocessor, a company spokeswoman confirmed today.	3
Belarus Says Vote Allows President to Run Again Belarusans voted in favor of scrapping presidential term limits, the Central Elections Commission chief said Monday, citing partial results. Ending the limits would allow the country's authoritarian leader, Alexander Lukashenko, to seek a new term in 2006.	0
On 38th Floor, a \$9 Million Sample Sale Pierre Berg's 38th-floor apartment in the Pierre hotel is a sumptuously furnished pied--terre in the sky. But, after 26 years, he is selling the five-room apartment.	0
Handheld Computers Aid Convention Security Submachine gun, check. Semiautomatic pistol, check. Personal digital assistant, check. In addition to their usual weaponry, some officers responsible for securing federal buildings at the Republican convention are armed with devices like handheld computers.	3
Torrent Joshua Kinberg being Arrested \\Great .torrent link of Joshua Kinberg being arrested.  \\This is of course being documented over on this MSNBC HardBlogger blog \(which btw is news in of itself).\\	3
Study: Scurvy Hit Early N. American French Colony (Reuters) Reuters - Scurvy wiped out nearly half of the\colonists who established one of the first French settlements\in North America 400 years ago, scientists confirmed on Monday.	3
Atari launches 64-bit AMD 64 game CHIP FIRM AMD has got itself very excited because Atari has released a game that takes advantage of 64-bitness. The game, called Shadow Ops: Red Mercury, has more detail, uses artificial intelligence and  quot;never before seen textures quot;.	3
Brown will get the call for Game 3 And the Yankees' mystery pitcher for tomorrow's Game 3 is . . . Kevin Brown , who got the nod yesterday over Javier Vazquez , whose last few outings have been shaky.  quot;It took us a while, quot; conceded manager Joe Torre , who went with Brown (10-6, 4.09) based on his playoff experience (11 games) and last ...	1
Marquis focused on Game 4 start St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Jason Marquis could be miffed at what could be considered a demotion, being  quot;bumped quot; to Sunday #39;s Game 4 of the National League Championship Series against the Houston Astros.	1
Peterson #39;s debut shakes up Big 12 The Big 12 wouldn #39;t fare well in a discussion about the best football conference in the nation, even though it might have the best team.	1
Hype aside, Patriots hope to rebound FOXBOROUGH -- The game has been hyped on national television for a week. It will be played in a stadium full of fans wearing T-shirts made for that night. One player has dubbed the contest,  quot;Super Bowl No. 2, Round 2. quot;	1
Indian troops leave Kashmir A thousand Indian troops withdrew from the disputed territory of Kashmir yesterday in a goodwill gesture aimed at fostering a new peace in the province.	0
Hubble repair mission  #39;exorbitant #39; The Hubble space telescope #39;s chances of survival were dealt a blow yesterday after the US National Academy of Sciences said plans for a robotic repair mission were both exorbitant and risky.	3
Bush Calls Kerry Health Plan Bureaucratic Nightmare (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush derided Democrat\John Kerry's plan for reforming health care on Monday as a\bureaucratic nightmare and contended it would cost  #36;1.5\trillion.	0
Air Force Pitch for Boeing Detailed Air Force Secretary James G. Roche asked a lobbyist for Boeing Co. to use the company #39;s Washington contacts to  quot;quash quot; a deputy undersecretary of defense and make him  quot;pay an appropriate 	2
Bolivians Vote in Municipal Elections (AP) AP - Bolivians voted Sunday in municipal elections that polls predicted would see indigenous and peasant organizations gaining ground on the traditional political parties that have long dominated the nation.	0
Moody #39;s upgrades JC Penney #39;s debt ratings Moody #39;s Investors Service on Friday upgraded JC Penney Co. Inc. #39;s (JCP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) debt ratings to just one step below investment-grade status, citing factors 	2
Kmart names new chief executive l Education: Holds an MBA and bachelor #39;s degrees in business management and English literature from the University of Houston.	2
Google plans to put millions of books online Sergey Brin and Larry Page, the founders of search giant Google, have long had a dream of putting all the world #39;s information on the Internet, free for the world to browse.	3
Spansion unveils serial flash-memory, 512Mbit NOR flash Spansion, a joint venture between AMD and Fujitsu, on November 2 debuted a lineup of low-density serial-flash memory chips and a high-density NOR-flash-memory chip based on its MirrorBit technology.	3
Gallacher lives up to uncle #39;s legacy There are hundreds of wannabe Hollywood star names who could attest to it. That is, inheriting a famous name does not always mean that the path to global acclaim will be easy.	1
Angels Change Name to Include Los Angeles (Reuters) Reuters - Los Angeles officially\now has two major league baseball teams. On Monday, the Anaheim\Angels announced they have changed their name to the Los\Angeles Angels of Anaheim. This change is effective\immediately.	1
NASCAR confident Nextel Cup series will not be harmed by Sprint &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NASCAR is not expecting any immediate changes to its top-tier racing series following the merger between telecommunications giant Sprint Corp.	1
Investors Flock to Web Networking Sites Internet whiz kids Marc Andreessen, Josh Kopelman and Joe Kraus share something in common besides reaping huge jackpots during the dot-com boom.	3
Aragones Apology for Racist Remark Spain coach Luis Aragones has issued an apology for his racist slur towards Arsenals French international Thierry Henry. Aragones claims he was trying to motivate Henrys Arsenal team-mate Jose Antonio 	1
New York, Paris make 2012 Games proposals NEW YORK - New York City #39;s Olympic boosters revealed their last and best plan Wednesday before making their final efforts to convince the International Olympic Committee that the city should hold the 2012 Summer Games.	1
Transactions BASEBALL Baltimore (AL): Signed OF B.J. Surhoff. Chicago (NL): Signed SS Nomar Garciaparra and 2B Todd Walker. Houston (NL): Signed OF Orlando Palmeiro and P Russ Springer. Kansas City (AL): Signed P Kevin Appier to a minor league contract. Los Angeles (NL): Signed P Elmer Dessens. Milwaukee (NL): Signed C Chad Moeller. New York (AL): Signed 2B Tony Womack. Philadelphia ...	1
Windows XP users should download Service Pack 2 With the latest update to Microsoft Corp. #39;s Windows XP operating system, personal computers join parents, bosses, teachers and spouses as a source of nagging in your life.	3
Verizon deal lets Philadelphia move with wireless plan (MacCentral) MacCentral - The city of Philadelphia has reached an agreement with Verizon Communications Inc. that will let the municipal government deploy a citywide Wi-Fi network, but a carrier-backed bill that would let incumbent carriers block such projects has been signed into law by Pennsylvania's governor.	3
Sabres to Lay Off About 25 Employees (AP) AP - The Buffalo Sabres will lay off about 25 employees by the end of November if there is no resolution to the month-old NHL labor dispute.	1
Zook is 20-13 in three seasons The University of Florida has fired coach Ron Zook, effective at the end of the season, an assistant coach on the staff confirmed Monday.	1
Google Desktop Search app lets you 'google' your Windows PC Google Inc. unveiled a desktop search application that lets users catalog and search through e-mail, files, Web histories, instant message chats and other content on their PCs.	3
Disney #39;s Latest Drama: \$200 Mln Courtroom Battle The trial of a lawsuit by Walt Disney Co. shareholders who accuse the board of directors of rubberstamping a deal to hire Michael Ovitz 	2
Apple Announces Expansion of Euro iTunes An Apple executive has told Reuters that the company will expand its European iTunes Music Store next month. Apple Vice President Eddie Cue told the news service that Apple plans to cover 	3
The supercomputer that fits into a screen just two inches thin They used to fill entire floors of buildings and were so costly only governments or large companies could afford them. Yesterday, Apple Computer showed just how far technology 	3
Immersion wins patent case against Sony Immersion, a small firm that develops and licenses touch-related technologies, has been awarded \$82 million after winning a patent infringement lawsuit against PlayStation maker Sony.	3
Rebranded Liechtenstein Welcomes Fresh Prince  VADUZ, Liechtenstein (Reuters) - The people of  Liechtenstein ushered in a new era Sunday as the tiny Alpine  principality welcomed a new ruler and sought to shed its image  as a haven for money launderers.	0
Schmidt #39;s gem is golden for Giants Bonds #39; blast also helps SF take &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Phoenix -- Barry Bonds hit his 699th home run Sunday, one of his sweet-mother-of-creation, look-at-it-go blows that soared 460 feet before it smacked the giant video board that towers over center field at Bank One Ballpark.	1
Powell: U.S., Iran to Talk Iraq Stability (AP) AP - The United States expects to sit down with Iran at an international conference to discuss stability in Iraq, U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell said Tuesday. Washington and Tehran have no diplomatic relations.	0
UK Conservatives Turn to Iraq in Bid to Hurt Blair (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's Conservative\leader sought to capitalize on voters' anger with Tony Blair\over the Iraq war as he started an uphill battle to push the\prime minister from office in the next election.	0
Porto adds quick-tempered, quick-footed Fabiano to roster European champion Porto has signed Brazil striker Luis Fabiano from Sao Paulo, the Portuguese club said on its Web site on Tuesday.	1
Resurgent Orioles whip Twins behind Cabrera BALTIMORE - Daniel Cabrera pitched three-hit ball into the eighth inning, and Jose Leon and Melvin Mora had two RBIs apiece to lead the surging Baltimore Orioles past the Minnesota Twins 4-1 on Monday.	1
NY Atty General Spitzer to Run for Gov.  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer will announce on Tuesday he will run for governor of  the state in 2006, a spokeswoman said.	2
Observers speculate on Mideast peace process without Arafat When Rabbi Jonathan Gerard traveled to Israel in 1996 his group took a bus to the border of Gaza and, led by armed Palestinian guards through throngs of Palestinians, met with Yasser Arafat.	0
Kurdish Rebels Ambush Turkish Troops, One Dead  DIYARBAKIR, Turkey (Reuters) - Kurdish guerrillas ambushed  a Turkish military convoy in southeastern Turkey on Wednesday  evening, killing one soldier and injuring another three,  military sources said.	0
IBM Invests \$250M in RFID IBM announced Monday a \$250 million investment in RFID (radio frequency identification), an emerging technology that is being mandated by the likes of Wal-Mart Stores Inc.	3
Arctic ice melting twice as fast as expected In a new study commissioned by eight countries of the Arctic region, scientists point to an accelerated ice thaw with far-reaching consequences for global climate change and human activity.	3
Why Hybrids Are Hot Have you seen gas prices? Purists can wait for hydrogen. The market can't. By James Surowiecki from Wired magazine.	3
Three Decapitated Corpses Found North of Baghdad  BAIJI, Iraq (Reuters) - The decapitated bodies of three  men, their heads strapped to their backs, were found dumped in  bags by a roadside north of Baghdad Wednesday, Iraqi police and  U.S. officials said.	0
Asia Pacific divide widening as leaders fail to grapple with key &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SANTIAGO (AFP) - An Asia-Pacific divide is widening as the United States sinks under the weight of a ballooning current account deficit and a plummeting dollar, analysts said after a regional summit here.	0
Riot island police refuse to go back PALM Island #39;s eight police have refused to return to the riot-torn Aboriginal community off Townsville, sparking fears from the police union that it would be almost impossible to find replacements.	0
Aides cite flu as doctors examine Arafat RAMALLAH, West Bank -- A Tunisian medical team examined Yasser Arafat in the West Bank yesterday, but aides dismissed Israeli media reports that the Palestinian leader's health had deteriorated and said he had the flu.	0
Red Bull drop A1-Ring expansion plans Red Bull Racing has dropped plans for a 700-million euro (\$940 million) revamp of Austria #39;s A1-Ring grand prix track because of environmental concerns, team owner Dietrich Mateschitz said.	1
Megson Reign Comes to End Gary Megsons stormy four-year reign as West Bromwich Albion manager ended in predictable acrimony tonight when the club announced it had relieved him of his duties with immediate effect.	1
Johansson upsets Agassi to win Stockholm Open Sweden #39;s Thomas Johansson overcame the odds to beat top seed Andre Agassi 3-6 6-3 7-6 in a thriller to take his first title since the 2002 Australian Open.	1
US Trade Deficit Narrowed to \$50.1 Billion in July (Update1) The US trade deficit narrowed in July from the prior month #39;s record as exports rose and a decline in oil shipments contributed to the first drop in imports in 11 months, the Commerce Department said in Washington.	2
High court agrees to hear dispute over cable Internet access WASHINGTON The Supreme Court is taking up the issue of whether cable-based broadband is a telecommunications service that makes it subject to the same FCC rules that apply to phone companies.	2
Give back the gold If something looks too good to be true, it probably is. That seems to be the case with US gymnast Paul Hamm #39;s miraculous gold-medal win at the Athens Olympics.	1
Golf: No Tiger lumbering in Singh #39;s path to third win in a row FARMINGTON, United States : World golf number one Vijay Singh, a seven-time winner this year, will not have second-ranked Tiger Woods to overcome here this weekend when he goes for his third PGA victory in a row.	1
Bush, Kerry Don't Worry About Tech (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Election Day is less than two weeks away, but so far technology has yet to make more than the occasional cameo appearance on either presidential candidate's priority list.	3
Martha Stewart starts prison term US lifestyle guru Martha Stewart begins a five-month prison term for lying about her investments.	2
India carries out rare execution A man convicted of raping and killing a schoolgirl is hanged in India's first execution in nine years.	0
Bryan Brothers Win Masters Cup Opener (AP) AP - Second-seeded Bob and Mike Bryan of the United States defeated Gaston Etlis and Martin Rodriguez 6-3, 7-6 Saturday in an opening-round doubles match at the ATP Masters Cup.	1
Chile Asks Pinochet to Explain \$8 Million US Bank Accounts Chile #39;s former dictator Augusto Pinochet reportedly is the target of an investigation in his homeland probing up US bank accounts controlled by the ex-president.	2
Lukas emphasizes his past success with females against males In rationalizing the decision to enter Azeri in the \$4-million Breeders Cup Classic (G1), trainer D. Wayne Lukas emphasized his past success in starting females against males.	1
Phil Jackson details clashes with Kobe Bryant Phil Jackson called his relationship with Kobe Bryant at times a  quot;psychological war quot; and sought to trade his star guard in January, according to a diary of the former Lakers coach.	1
Harrington on a charge for Ryder Cup A THRILLED Padraig Harrington today made it three wins in a row for Europes Ryder Cup side heading into this weeks match in Detroit.	1
Hiding Genome Data Won't Protect Us, Experts Say (Reuters) Reuters - Making the genetic codes of\dangerous pathogens a secret will not save anyone from\bioterrorism and may make the population vulnerable to attacks\from Mother Nature, scientists said on Thursday.	3
Michelin sound the all-clear for Monza Formula One tyre makers Michelin believe high-speed blowouts at the last Belgian Grand Prix and in recent Monza tests were due to sharp kerbs and human error.	1
Clashes Erupt in Najaf Despite Peace Plan NAJAF, Iraq - Sporadic gunfire and explosions boomed through Najaf on Thursday despite a peace deal in which radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agreed to disarm his militiamen and pull them out of a revered Shiite shrine they've been taking refuge in.    As clashes in Najaf continued, Arab television station Al-Jazeera aired a video Thursday showing a militant group that called itself the Martyrs Brigade vowing to kill a missing Western journalist if U.S...	0
Creative declares war on Apple EXPECT to see and hear Creative Technology everywhere as it embarks on a worldwide marketing campaign to snatch dominance of the digital music player market from Apple Computer.	3
Musharraf #39;s choice elected as new PM Pakistan #39;s parliament elected Shaukat Aziz as its new Prime Minister yesterday. President General Pervez Musharraf named Mr Aziz as his choice as head of government, after his relationship 	0
No. 25 Wisconsin 69, No. 12 Maryland 64 MADISON, Wis. - Alando Tucker and the Wisconsin Badgers wanted to make sure people didn #39;t get the wrong impression about their embarrassing loss at Pepperdine last week.	1
Plastic finally surpasses paper checks as America #39;s favorite &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; For the first time, Americans #39; use of credit cards, debit cards and other electronic bill paying has eclipsed paper checks. The number of electronic payment transactions last year totaled 	2
US updates travel warning to Cote D #39;lvoire The United States on Monday updated a travel warning to Cote D #39;lvoire, citing violence and safety concerns in the African country.	0
Gasoline Pump Price Falls for 9th Week  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. retail gasoline prices declined  for the ninth week in a row and truckers are enjoying the  cheapest diesel fuel in almost four months, the Energy  Department said on Monday.	2
Arafat to Be Flown for Treatment in France  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Gravely ill Palestinian  leader Yasser Arafat agreed on Thursday to be rushed to a  French hospital as fears grew for the icon of the struggle for  a Palestinian state.	0
PC makers: Look before taking SP2 leap Although Microsoft has recommended consumers turn on Windows #39; Automatic Update feature to get Windows XP Service Pack 2, PC makers are reminding Windows XP users to do their homework before installing the security update.	3
RCN looks to exit Chapter 11 RCN Corp., the upstart telecommunications provider that has sought to battle giants like Comcast Corp. and Verizon Communications Inc.	2
MICK SENT TO BENCH BLOOMFIELD TWP., Mich. - There are still two more days of this 35th Ryder Cup to be played out, but unless something dramatic occurs in favor of the US team, Phil 	1
UK firms to look abroad, CBI says CBI director general Digby Jones says shifting jobs abroad will help UK firms  survive globalisation and raise staff skill levels.	2
Circuit City Quarterly Loss Narrows (Reuters) Reuters - Circuit City Stores Inc.  on\Friday reported a narrower quarterly loss from continuing\operations as sales of higher-margin warranties and improved\distribution helped offset weak merchandise sales.	2
India ; India-EU summit was very successful: Manmohan India News, New Delhi: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh returned home early today after attending the India-EU summit at The Hauge. He was received by Minister of State in the Prime Minister #39;s Office Prithviraj Chauhan at the Palam Technical Area.	0
Iran  quot;will never end quot; nuclear programme Iran #39;s foreign minister says that Tehran will never fully dismantle its nuclear capabilities, also voicing the country #39;s concerns about the threat of a pre-emptive strike by Washington.	0
World ; Insurgents kill 23 Iraqis countrywide And later on Sunday, gunmen killed two National Guards and wounded four others in an attack near Latifiya, a town south of Baghdad that has seen persistent unrest, officials said.	0
Lara the man to restore Windies pride and passion Brian Lara, equally sledged and celebrated for the role he has played in West Indian cricket, brought the horns of Brixton to life with a stirring performance against England in the final of the Champions Trophy at the Oval.	1
Chavez allies and opposition vie for key posts as Venezuelans vote &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Allies of President Hugo Chavez and opposition candidates competed for key gubernatorial and mayoral posts in elections Sunday, with tens of thousands of police and soldiers on hand to prevent politically fueled clashes.	0
AMD shares drop on Q3 warning SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Advanced Micro Devices Inc. shares fell Tuesday after it said third-quarter sales will come in below those reported in the second quarter, citing softness in its flash memory business.	2
Shiites List Candidates for Iraq Election (AP) AP - Under the guidance of Iraq's most powerful Shiite cleric, Shiite parties presented a list Thursday of 228 candidates for next month's parliamentary elections. Minority Sunni Arabs, who had been favored under Saddam Hussein, must now decide whether to join the race or renounce a vote that will help determine the country's future.	0
Straw to demand more from Sudan The foreign secretary, Jack Straw, will deliver a  quot;clear message quot; to the Sudanese government that it must do more to stop the violence in Darfur when he arrives in Khartoum this evening.	0
Gilberto out at least one month London, England (Sports Network) - Arsenal midfielder Gilberto Silva will be shut down for at least one month as he attempts to recover from a back injury.	1
Yen Reverses Off Lows, Keeps Eye on Oil  LONDON (Reuters) - The yen pulled back above a 6-week low  on the dollar and a 4-month trough on the euro on Wednesday, as  oil prices backed off record highs, while the euro maintained  its grip on recent gains against the dollar.	2
China to strive for prudent, stable fiscal, monetary policies in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BEIJING (AFP) - China #39;s leaders have wrapped up a key economic meeting pledging to strive for stable economic growth next year with an emphasis on quality and efficiency rather than simply a high growth rate.	2
European stocks post small gains in quiet trading (AFP) AFP - European stock markets eked out modest gains in early trading with little corporate news to spur trading and US markets closed for a public holiday.	0
Russia invites foreign Yukos bids Overseas firms may be allowed to bid for the key asset of under fire Russian oil firm Yukos, the Kremlin says.	2
PeopleSoft Product Exec Follows CEO Out the Door OCTOBER 18, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Just two weeks after PeopleSoft Inc. ousted former CEO Craig Conway, the business applications vendor said that another top executive -- Ram Gupta, who had been executive 	3
Paris Club agrees on Iraq debt reduction A French finance ministry spokesman said the Paris Club of creditor nations had reached a deal yesterday to write off 80 per cent of the debts Iraq owes them.	0
Microsoft revamps Sender ID Microsoft has revised its anti-spam specification Sender ID following the spec #39;s near-death in the technical community. The software giant said Monday that it has rewritten Sender ID -- a specification for 	3
=== Knicks-ed: Robinson fails physical === New York, NY (Sports Network) - The one-year deal between Eddie Robinson and the New York Knicks is off after the free agent forward failed a physical.	1
NEC updates vector supercomputer com October 21, 2004, 5:09 AM PT. ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in October kept upgrading hardware at number two on the businesses radar throughout the year.	3
Election Workers Kidnapped in Afghanistan (AP) AP - Three foreign election workers were kidnapped Thursday in the Afghan capital, police and Western officials said.	0
World doubles number ones reach semifinals World doubles top players Daniel Nestor of Canada and Mark Knowles of Bahamas Tuesday defeated Zimbabweans Wayne Black and Kevin Ullyett 4-6, 6-3, 7-6 (9-7) at the ATP Masters Cup held in Houston, the United States.	1
Was Bush packing Wi-Fi in TV debate? &lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; Miraculous clarity arouses suspicion	3
Recording Industry Files Another 754 Copyright Lawsuits The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has announced that its member companies filed a new wave of copyright infringement lawsuits against 754 individual file-sharers.	3
India cautions against breakthroughs at Pakistan talks NEW DELHI: Indian Foreign Minister Natwar Singh has warned not to expect breakthroughs on disputed Kashmir during talks with his Pakistani counterpart this weekend, but said he will push a 72-point plan to boost peace between the neighbours.	0
Europe Expected to Agree to Deal for PeopleSoft The European Commission is expected to approve Oracle's \$7.7 billion acquisition of PeopleSoft on Tuesday, with no conditions attached, a person close to the case said.	3
NASA's Moon-Mars Initiative Harms Science: American Physical Society Report (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A new report released by an American\Physical Society (APS) Special Committee on NASA Funding for Astrophysics has\questioned the space agency's Moon, Mars and Beyond initiative. The APS\assessment warns that t  he cost of overcoming technological\challenges to make real the plan could far exceed budgetary projections and that\numerous nbsp;approved science programs could be jeopardized.	3
Militants Say Beheaded Collaborator-Web Site  DUBAI (Reuters) - An Iraqi militant group said it beheaded  an Iraqi man it accused of collaborating with U.S. forces and  posted pictures of the killing on the Internet.	0
Indian Software Boom on Track, Industry Head Says (Reuters) Reuters - India's software exports are on track\to grow by 30 percent in the year to March 2005, despite\attempts in the key U.S. market to discourage outsourcing and\protect jobs, the industry's head said on Monday.	3
Manufacturing Activity Expands in December (AP) AP - Manufacturing activity expanded for the 19th consecutive month in December, a research group reported Monday, suggesting that the industrial sector entered the new year with solid strength behind it.	2
Holdout Orlando Pace Signs With Rams (AP) AP - Holdout offensive tackle Orlando Pace signed a one-year contract on Monday with the St. Louis Rams and participated in his first practice.	1
News Corp shareholders okay US reincorporation MUMBAI: The Rupert Murodch owned media conlgomerate News Corporation has announced that its shareholders and optionholders have approved the companys reincorporation in the US.	2
NEXTEL CUPCHASE FOR THE CHAMPIONSHIP HAMPTON, Ga. - With an eye toward a tight championship battle and hopes for added interest as the racing season wound down, NASCAR introduced a new points format to decide its Nextel Cup title this year.	1
German Budget Deficit Widens in First Half (AP) AP - Germany's budget deficit widened in the first half of this year, figures released Tuesday showed, but the government renewed its commitment to get the shortfall back within a European Union-imposed limit next year.	2
BC eases past UMass AMHERST -- Its nonconference schedule might have suggested otherwise, but the undefeated Boston College men's basketball team did not reach this point of the season with an 11-0 record by taking the path of least resistance.	1
Busch wins pole at Homestead Kurt Busch surprised himself by winning the pole yesterday for the NASCAR season finale, putting himself in excellent shape for the opening laps of Sunday #39;s climactic Ford 400.	1
Athletics: Olympic Record For Bekele, Webb Eliminated From 1500 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The biggest applause at Olympic Stadium yesterday, the first day of athletics competition, didnt come for Greek heptathlete Aryiro Strataki or triple jumper Hristos Meletoglou 	1
Textron Posts Profit, Raises Outlook  BOSTON (Reuters) - Diversified manufacturer Textron Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TXT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TXT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted a higher quarterly profit and lifted  its full-year earnings estimate on a strong performance by its  Cessna business jet division, sending its shares up nearly 5  percent.	2
Rocket attack kills Iraqi A rocket has hit a busy Baghdad neighbourhood, killing at least one person and wounding eight. The rocket hit a side street in Baghdad #39;s Karrada neighbourhood, witnesses said.	0
Mystery behind the origin of cosmic rays unravelled An international team of astronomers has succeeded in solving the 100 year-old mystery about the origin of the cosmic rays by producing the first ever image of an astronomical object using high energy gamma rays.	3
Expense Issue Draws Mixed Views From Companies The debate over whether companies should  treat stock options as an expense draws mixed reactions from Washington area businesses, some of which have a lot to lose if the accounting rule changes.	3
BA directors rally terminal staff BA chief executive Rod Eddington and 11 other directors are visiting Heathrow this weekend to boost morale at the crisis-hit airline.	2
Troops Oust Haiti Rebels From Ex-Leader #39;s Villa United Nations peacekeepers on Friday stormed the home of the former president, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, to evict rebel former soldiers who seized the compound two days ago.	0
LG Philips LCD announces five-billion dollar investment despite output glut (AFP) AFP - LG Philips LCD is to invest five billion dollars in new facilities to produce next-generation flat panel displays in order to strengthen its global market leadership.	3
US treasuries dumping report sends greenback into a tailspin The US dollar hit a record low against the euro and a nearly five-year low versus the yen after a mainland business newspaper appeared at first glance to confirm the market #39;s worst fears - that China was dumping US Treasuries.	2
IMF projects 3.6, 3.5 growth in 2004 and 2005 The International Monetary Fund expects Israel #39;s economy to grow 3.6 percent by the end of this year, and 3.5 in 2005, according to the World Economic Outlook review released last week during Succoth.	2
Photo 5 of 8: Global gamers clash for cash \$2.5 million in prize money is on the line as gamers from Uzbekistan to Ecuador compete in the World Cyber Games.	3
Stronger yen clips Toyota #39;s profit No. 1 Japanese automaker posts drop in 3Q earnings, but boosts forecast for global sales in 2004. TOKYO (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp.	2
U.N. Wants Stronger Mandate for AU Monitors in Darfur  KHARTOUM, Sudan (Reuters) - African Union (AU) monitors of  a shaky cease-fire in Sudan's remote Darfur region should have  an expanded mandate but stop short of peacekeeping, a United  Nations official in Sudan said Wednesday.	0
Oil fall cuts raw material costs A fall in the price of crude oil pushes UK raw material prices to their lowest level in two years, official figures show.	2
Samarra sees repeated attacks BAGHDAD, Dec. 8. - Insurgents launched a string of assaults around Samarra today, trading gunfire with US forces, attacking a convoy, and blowing up a police station after looting its armoury, officials said.	0
Time Warner Plans for Settlement Time Warner Inc. said Wednesday that it is creating a \$500 million reserve in response to the federal investigations of its America Online unit and that it also will restate AOL Europe's financial results for 2000 and 2001. &lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
Red Sox Bash White Sox 10-1 (AP) AP - After struggling for three months, the Boston Red Sox are getting hot. Curt Schilling allowed three hits in seven shutout innings for his 15th win and Manny Ramirez hit a grand slam to lead Boston over the Chicago White Sox 10-1 Friday night.	1
Bush, Martin pledge to improve trade relations but no promises on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - George W. Bush said he understands Canadian ranchers #39; frustrations but the president suggested the lumbering US bureaucracy has to sign off before the border can re-open to Canadian cattle.	0
Texans Top Titans, Break Losing Streak (AP) AP - David Carr put together a huge comeback of his own after Brett Favre showed him how to do it last week. Carr threw for 201 yards and two touchdowns and Domanick Davis rushed for a season-high 129 yards and a score to help the Houston Texans rally from an 18-point deficit in a 31-21 win over the Tennessee Titans on Sunday.	1
Eagles' Biggest Hurdle Lies Ahead EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J., Nov. 28 - Even the flamboyant Terrell Owens was subdued after Philadelphia's 27-6 victory over the Giants on Sunday. The Eagles had just dominated a rival and clinched the division, but it is a little hard to get excited about accomplishments that were never seriously in doubt.	1
India warned by extremists A radical Islamic group threaten dire consequences if India go ahead with their tour of Bangladesh.	0
Eagles Lose OL Andrews  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Offensive lineman Shawn  Andrews, Philadelphia's No. 1 draft pick this year, suffered a  fractured right leg in Sunday's game against the New York  Giants. Head coach Andy Reid said after the Eagles' 31-17  victory that Andrews will miss the rest of the season.	1
Veritas Buys KVault for \$225 Million September 1, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- Storage software company Veritas (veritas.com) announced on Tuesday that it has entered into an agreement to acquire email backup company Kvault Software for \$225 million in cash, according to a report by 	3
Dollar Hits New Low; Gold Heads for  #36;455 (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar hit record lows against\the euro Friday and a 4-1/2-year trough versus the yen\following a report China had cut its holdings of dollar assets,\lifting gold to a 16-year high and undermining Tokyo stocks.	2
The Age of Doom In 1993 six geeks had a digital nightmare that changed the culture. It's about to get far creepier	2
United States 6, Panama 0 Established star Landon Donovan and rising sensation Eddie Johnson carried the United States into the regional qualifying finals for the 2006 World Cup in emphatic fashion Wednesday night.	1
Beckham dropped by Madrid From the supposedly sublime skills of the galacticos, Real Madrid have plunged into the ridiculous: on Saturday night they crashed to a 1-0 defeat at Espanyol.	1
Microsoft Hopes Its Blogs Will Hunt Microsoft is throwing its hat into the blogosphere, a move seen as another attempt to catch competitor Google in the services-and-search race and an effort to woo more customers to its Internet services. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
Traders who had bet on a rise are bailing out Crude oil and gasoline prices fell Wednesday as speculators seemed to lose hope that futures prices would continue ever upward. Crude oil dropped \$1.	2
Clemens considers retirement, but no decision yet  quot;I #39;m very close to retirement, quot; Clemens told reporters Friday.  quot;Obviously, I haven #39;t made the decision for the upcoming season yet.	1
Pressure off for Sadler After winning the Pop Secret 500 Sunday night at California Speedway and all but nailing down a spot in NASCAR #39;s new Chase for the Nextel Cup playoff, Sadler could hardly contain his excitement about a possible trip to New York City in December for the 	1
Google goes public, shares surge nearly 20 percent on first day In the most highly anticipated Wall Street debut since the heady days of the dot-com boom, shares of Google surged nearly 20 percent on their first day of public trading Thursday as the quirky Internet company completed its much-hyped initial stock ...	2
Davenport will decide on retirement, in due time All in due time, Lindsay Davenport will decide whether she wants to retire. Only right now is not that time.  quot;I swear, it #39;s so hard to answer that, quot; she said after limping off from a 1-6, 6-2, 6-4 loss to 	1
Airlines Only to Profit if Oil Drops-IATA  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Air passenger numbers will grow again  in 2005 but the global airline industry will only post its  first profit in five years if oil prices drop by some \$15 a  barrel, an industry expert said on Monday.	2
MS to end Win2K support without SP5 Microsoft announced on Monday that it will not release a fifth service pack for Windows 2000, a popular version of the company #39;s operating system.	3
Israeli helicopters fire missiles on Gaza camps Israeli helicopters Friday night firedtwo or three missiles on a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip,witnesses said. The witnesses said that the missiles hit a warehouse in theMughazi refugee camp and set it on fire.	0
Pitt Locks Up BCS Bid Tyler Palko tosses a career-high 411 yards and five touchdowns to push No. 19 Pittsburgh over South Florida, 43-14, on Satudray.	1
Can Prayers Heal? Critics Say Studies Go Past Science's Reach The government has spent \$2.3 million in the past 4 years to study something that critics say has nothing to do with science.	0
Japan #39;s Toppan to Buy DuPont Photomasks Japan #39;s Toppan Printing Co. Ltd. said on Tuesday it would buy DuPont Photomasks Inc., a US-based maker of glass plates used in chip production, for 71 billion yen (\$640 million).	2
Rebel landmine kills 11 in Indian Kashmir Separatist militants have detonated a powerful landmine in Indian Kashmir killing eleven people, including nine soldiers in one of the biggest attacks in recent weeks, police say.	0
Garrison Gets New Contract; King Retires (AP) AP - Zina Garrison was given a one-year contract to stay on as U.S. Fed Cup captain, while Billie Jean King retired Tuesday as a coach for the team.	1
Microsoft Wins a High-Definition DVD Battle  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Blu-ray on Wednesday said Microsoft  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; has won the DVD technology group's backing of a  video compression standard for new high-definition discs,  marking an advance for the software maker in an emerging  consumer electronics arena.	3
Bush Signals No Major Shift In Foreign Policy Some changes will depend on whether key players in Bush's first-term team are replaced, but the direction would still be set by Bush and Vice President Cheney, a highly influential figure on foreign policy.	0
Sony #39;s Ando says DVD format dispute to continue for some time &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TOKYO, Sep 22, 2004 (AFX-Europe via COMTEX) -- The dispute over next-generation DVD formats will continue for some time, Kunitake Ando, chairman of the Japan Electronics and Information Technology Industries Association and president of Sony Corp, said in 	3
South Africa Considers Killing Elephants South Africa's Kruger National Park elephant population has nearly doubled in recent years, causing heavy habitat destruction and invasion of adjacent farms. Now conservation authorities are considering a plan to kill perhaps thousands elephants to bring the problem under control.	3
Three more arrested in English race-fixing scheme English trainer Alan Berry, jockey Paul Bradley, and farrier Steve OSullivan were arrested Tuesday morning as a part of an ongoing race-fixing investigation being conducted by London police.	1
U.S. Company Hiring Seen Up from Year Ago (Reuters) Reuters - The pace of hiring for U.S. companies\in the fourth quarter is expected to be consistent with the\solid employment activity of the past six months, and much\improved from a year ago, according to Manpower Inc. .	2
AOL sets sail into travel search market America Online Inc. (AOL) is aiming to get a piece of the travel search market, announcing plans Friday to introduce a new Web-based property to compete with the likes of Travelocity.com and Expedia Inc.	3
Scan 'as damaging as atomic bomb' Medical scans expose people to similar levels of radiation as atomic bombs used in Hiroshima, say experts.	0
Aristide 'wants Haiti elections' The former President of Haiti, Jean-Bertrand Aristide, calls for free and fair elections in his country.	0
Insurance giant Aetna to buy Columbia company for \$250 million (Hartford, Connecticut-Dow Jones/AP) Aug. 20, 2004 - Health-insurance giant Aetna says it #39;s agreed to buy Strategic Resource Company of Columbia for \$250 million. 	2
Coaching change won #39;t help Dolphins win Here #39;s what you didn #39;t hear from the Dolphins on Tuesday: You didn #39;t hear anyone suggest this day helps them win. You didn #39;t hear anyone pretend this franchise is improved.	1
Financial network to end after nine years CNN will shut down its struggling CNNfn financial news network in mid-December, giving up its attempt after nine years to compete in a market dominated by CNBC.	2
Patient dies as mechanical heart fails A man who lived for 147 days on a mechanical heart made by Danvers-based Abiomed Inc. died because of complications related to the device, officials said yesterday.	2
Taipei battles ant infestation \The red fire ant, vicious and sometimes fatal, has infested the Taiwanese capital Taipei.	0
Wasserstein, David-Weill Completing Lazard IPO Accord (Update1) Lazard LLC said it #39;s completing an agreement between Bruce Wasserstein, who runs the company, and Chairman Michel David-Weill to take the world #39;s biggest closely held investment bank public by the end of next year.	2
Glacier Melt Accelerating, Concern Over Sea Levels Rising In March 2002, a Delaware-size Antarctic Peninsula ice shelf collapsed. Since then, several glaciers in the region have accelerated.	3
Iraqi Election Set for Jan. 30 The balloting, however, remains imperiled by calls for a Sunni Muslim boycott and a persistent insurgency that has roiled Sunni regions.	0
Companies Expand Services for Working Mothers General Mills is among a host of companies that have expanded services for working mothers beyond just maternity leave and flexible hours, according to Working Mother magazine, which released its 19th annual list Tuesday of the 100 best companies for working mothers.	3
Google Results Revive 'Dot-Com' Fervor  NEW YORK/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc.  rose as much as 20 percent on Friday, to trade at more than  twice the level of it cut-price IPO, after the Web search  leader posted strong quarterly results in its first reported  quarter as a public company.	2
Shell Settles Oil Reserve Case for \$120 Million Royal Dutch/Shell has agreed to pay \$120 million to settle fraud charges with the S.E.C. involving overstated oil reserves, the U.S. securities regulator said today.	2
Agassi tries to work major magic at age 34 Can Serena and Venus Williams, who missed the 2003 Open with injuries, re-emerge as the best in the women #39;s game? Venus hasn #39;t won a major in three years, Serena in 14 months.	1
Advice to Microsoft: Learn to love Linux Business guru tells Microsoft to invest in Linux for handhelds or risk missing out on the next big thing in software sales.\	3
The Future of Radio? He sold the soul of rock 'n' roll and turned FM into a musical wasteland. Now he has 130 satellite channels and says we won't get fooled again. By Richard Martin from Wired magazine.	3
UPS profit grows 20 percent in third quarter United Parcel Service Inc. #39;s net income increased 20.4 percent in the third quarter, and the company #39;s board of directors has increased UPS #39; share repurchase authorization to \$2 billion.. The Atlanta-based 	2
Price of Average U.S. House Rises 8.5 Pct  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The October average U.S. house price  jumped 8.5 percent from a year ago, setting the stage for  mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to raise the limit  on mortgages they can buy, a Federal Housing Finance Board  survey showed on Tuesday.	2
Lima gets do-or-die start in Game 3 Through two postseason games, the St. Louis Cardinals have shredded the Los Angeles Dodgers #39; starting pitching. Odalis Perez surrendered six runs in Game 1. Jeff Weaver was touched 	1
Rocastle admits Novo dismissal was  #39;harsh #39; DESPITE a generous offer from the Hibs midfielder, Craig Rocastle, Rangers are unlikely to appeal against the ordering-off of striker Nacho Novo in debatable circumstances in the Ibrox sides 1-0 victory at Easter Road yesterday.	1
Be careful, that e-card may be a virus IF you were planning to save on postage this year by sending electronic greeting cards, think again. And be careful when opening any you get.	3
IDC: External disk storage up Worldwide sales hit a new multibillion high; EMC passes Hewlett-Packard for first place.	3
Michigan Forces Turnovers for 30-17 Win (AP) AP - Braylon Edwards caught six passes for 150 yards and a touchdown and No. 18 Michigan turned four turnovers into 27 points in a 30-17 win over Iowa on Saturday.	1
Massive Hurricane Frances Smothers Florida (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Frances smothered eastern\Florida on Sunday with drenching rains and fierce winds that\ripped away roofs, trees and boat moorings and cut power to 1.3\million homes and businesses.	0
Bush Seeks  #36;2 Billion in Hurricane Aid (AP) AP - President Bush will ask Congress for  #36;2 billion to help victims of Hurricane Charley, the White House said Friday.	0
Patriots march into today #39;s contest armed with 18 straight wins As the New England Patriots aim for their 19th straight win over two seasons today, the 1972 Miami Dolphins are starting to notice.	1
Sony net profit more than doubles; Spider-Man 2 a boost (AFP) AFP - Global consumer electronics giant Sony said its interim net profit more than doubled to 76.5 billion yen (720 million dollars), thanks in part to its popular movie Spider-Man 2.	3
Yanks put in dicey spot That #39;s a phrase the Yankees may need to keep telling themselves as this Division Series with the tiny-market Twins progresses.	1
Petter Solberg Claims Victory at Rally of Italy Petter Solberg of Norway won his third straight rally as he drove his Subaru to victory at the Rally of Italy in Sardinia. The win kept alive his fading chances of retaining the world title.	1
Sick of Avian Flu Troubling new research and a lack of transparency raise the likelihood of a new pandemic on the horizon	0
U.S., Iraqis Battle Resistance in Samarra SAMARRA, Iraq - Sporadic gunfire echoed through this Sunni Muslim stronghold Saturday as U.S. and Iraqi forces battled pockets of resistance a day after the start of what appeared to be the first major push to regain control of a string of cities before elections in January...	0
Japan races against clock to secure release of hostage in Iraq (AFP) AFP - Japan is racing against the clock to secure the release of a young Japanese man kidnapped by Islamic militants in Iraq, with less than 24 hours to go before a deadline for his execution.	0
Pope Beatifies Emperor, Nun, Three Others (AP) AP - Pope John Paul II on Sunday moved five Catholics closer to sainthood, including Austria's last reigning emperor and a German nun whose graphic visions of Christ's suffering helped inspire the blockbuster movie "The Passion of the Christ."	0
ECB sees eurozone inflation falling below two pct in second quarter 2005 (AFP) AFP - The European Central Bank is unhappy with the current level of inflation in the eurozone but expects it to fall below the two percent in the second quarter of next year, its chief economist Otmar Issing said.	2
Top 10 are taking shape It was after her heroics in Athens that I posed the question  quot;Is Kelly Holmes this nation #39;s greatest female athlete? quot; Did her middle-distance Olympic double nudge her ahead of Mary Rand (ne 	1
Senate Passes Scaled-Back Copyright Bill The U.S. Senate has voted to outlaw several favorite techniques of people who illegally copy and distribute movies, but has dropped other measures that could have led to jail time for Internet song-swappers. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Reuters&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	3
The Compassion Deficit \\Well said... \\"These powerful and well-funded political Christian fundamentalist\organizations appear to be suffering from a compassion deficit. Organizations\which are amazingly quick to organize to fight against same-sex marriage, a\woman's right to choose, and embryonic stem cell research are missing in\action when it comes to responding to the disaster in southern Asia. None of\their web sites are actively soliciting aid for the victims of the\earthquake/tsunami."\\"In fact, there is no mention of the giant earthquake and tsunami that\devastated southern Asia. There are no headlines about the dead, injured or\the tremendous damage; there are no urgent appeals for donations; there are  ...\\	3
Veerappan killed, Jaya pats STF Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa has congratulated the STF for their  #39;sterling achievement #39; in killing forest brigand Veerappan.	0
Microsoft, Swatch offer thinner wireless watches Microsoft and watch maker Swatch are offering a new line of wireless data watches, the companies said Wednesday, bringing the era of Dick Tracy wristwatch radios one step closer.	3
Merck Profit Falls, Hurt by Vioxx Recall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Merck   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MRK.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MRK.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said  its quarterly profit fell 28 percent due to last month's recall  of its Vioxx arthritis drug, and the company predicted 2004  earnings will fall as much as 11 percent because of the recall.	2
Patriots Take On Puzzling Chiefs On Monday _ The New England Patriots might have a better chance of winning their 24th game in 25 tries Monday night if they were 1-8 instead of 8-1.	1
Chain Store Sales Fell 1.1 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. chain store sales fell in the\latest week mostly because the imperfect nature of adjusting\for seasonality more so than consumers lack of shopping, a\report said on Tuesday.	2
WholeSecurity takes phish-blocking to browser WholeSecurity Inc has released technology that the firm says can be used to block web users from inadvertently accessing phishing web sites. The company has signed eBay Inc as a flagship customer, and has the software on millions of desktops. 	3
Nine out of 10 pubs face smoking ban Government plans to ban smoking in the majority of enclosed public spaces in England, ranging from offices to restaurants, within four years were labelled a  quot;bodge quot; yesterday.	0
Death of Rare Bird Leaves Future Uncertain One of the rarest birds on Earth came closer to being wiped out - if not already extinct - with the death of one of the last three believed to exist, officials said.	3
Health Holds Back Mesi Jack Mesi was a boxer on the rise until March 13 when several knockdowns brought on subdural hematomas or bleeding on the brain, boxers' No. 1 cause of death.	1
E Guinea: death sentences demanded The prosecution in Malabo demanded death sentences and jail terms exceeding a century on Thursday for alleged putschists accused of plotting against President Teodoro Obiang Nguema of Equatorial Guinea.	0
UAE, Kuwait to hike oil production capacity THE UAE and Kuwait plan to increase oil production capacity by nearly 3,00,000 bpd and 2,00,000 bpd respectively in the short term in a bid to stabilise the market, which has been rocked by high oil prices touching \$53 per barrel prior to the week end.	2
Matters of great import The hybridization of European soccer might have improved the game on the continent, but it is also highlighting the lack of emphasis on player development.	1
Gazprom to Bid at Auction of Yukos #39;s Oil Assets In an attempt to create a state energy leviathan, Russia #39;s natural gas monopoly Gazprom said Tuesday that it would bid for the prize oil assets of the crumbling oil giant Yukos, the country #39;s No.	2
VeriSign dealt another legal blow in ICANN suit VeriSign Inc. lost another round in its battle against the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) on Thursday when a U.S. federal judge dismissed the company's antitrust claims, filed in an amended complaint.	3
Ex-Qwest Executive Agrees to Plead Guilty Former Qwest Communications International Inc. executive Thomas Hall agreed Friday to plead guilty to end a federal fraud case against him, but neither his lawyer nor prosecutors would disclose what charge he will face.	2
Powell Prods N. Korea to End Nuclear Programs Secretary of State Colin L. Powell, in Asia to prod North Korea to return to talks on ending its nuclear programs, said Sunday that while there is still time to resolve the impasse, "there is a sense of urgency."	0
Stern to Join Sirius Satellite Radio NEW YORK - Howard Stern has long had two words for the Federal Communications Commission - and in 15 months, he can finally utter them on the air. The self-proclaimed "King of All Media," perhaps the most influential radio voice of the last 20 years, is shifting his salacious act to satellite radio and freeing himself from the increasingly harsh glare of federal regulators...	0
Firefox catches fire As the number of downloads of Mozilla Foundation #39;s open source browser Firefox 1.0 continues to soar (4.7 hits by Nov. 19), people are asking what will established browsers do in response?	3
 #39;Half measures #39; for pubgoers condemned, Asthma UK Asthma experts have condemned as a  #39;shabby half measure #39; the government #39;s decision not to implement a complete ban on smoking in public places.	0
Hamm, Foudy Retire From Women's Soccer Mia Hamm and Julie Foudy closed out their remarkable careers with the U.S. women's soccer team in style Wednesday night, cheered on by droves of young girls in a 5-0 victory over Mexico.	1
Aussie will face Srichaphan or Horna COMMACK, NY -- Second-seeded Lleyton Hewitt reached the final of TD Waterhouse Cup sooner than expected Saturday when Russian Dmitry Tursunov retired from their semifinal match because of injury.	1
Hughes new man at Blackburn Former Manchester United striker Mark Hughes has been appointed the new manager of Blackburn Rovers. The Wales boss had been the favourite to take over the Lancashire club after former manager Graeme Souness 	1
Regional meeting opens in Laos The Asean forum opens in Laos, with a free-trade accord and anti-terrorism moves on the agenda.	0
Chinese dig for villagers buried under landslides after deadly typhoon (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SHANGHAI, China (AP) - Villagers in an eastern province dug with farm tools Monday to search for 24 people missing in massive landslides unleashed by Typhoon Rananim, which has already been blamed for 115 deaths and is the worst such storm to hit China in seven years.	0
Newest Darfur peacekeepers delayed a week-Rwanda A battalion of Rwandan peacekeeping troops scheduled to arrive in Sudan #39;s Darfur region this weekend will be delayed by a week because of logistical problems, Rwanda said on Sunday.	0
Technical Problems Scrub Delta Four Launch CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- The launch of Boeing #39;s new Delta Four heavy-lift rocket was scrubbed for a second time Sunday because of technical problems.	3
Visiting Haiti, Canadian leader presses reconciliation PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti -- Canada's prime minister urged rival groups yesterday to disarm and political factions to settle differences so the poorest nation in the Western Hemisphere may make use of international aid.	0
Novartis: FDA OKs Expanded Zelnorm Use Swiss drug maker Novartis Pharma AG said Monday that the Food and Drug Administration approved another use for the company #39;s Zelnorm irritable bowel drug, clearing Novartis to market the medicine as a treatment for chronic constipation in male and female 	3
Wendy #39;s third quarter earnings jump 4 percent DUBLIN, Ohio - Wendy #39;s International Inc. on Thursday said earnings for the third quarter were up more than 4 percent, partly because of increased sales at its Wendy #39;s and Tim Hortons restaurants.	2
Iraqi kidnappers release 7 Kidnappers released two Italian women and five other hostages Tuesday, raising hopes for foreigners still in captivity. Insurgents showed no sign of easing their 	0
Australia Labour #39;s lead erodes an October 9 election, according to a poll trend, as terror fears overshadow a closely fought campaign. repeatedly over the US-led war on Iraq.	0
Boeing plant sale seen by year-end The Boeing Co. expects to sell its Wichita, Kan., fuselage and components plant by the end of 2004, Chief Executive Harry Stonecipher said yesterday.	2
G.O.P. Vows to Offer Detailed Agenda at Its Convention Republicans also said they would seek to turn any disruptions at the convention to their advantage, by portraying protests as Democratic-sanctioned displays of disrespect for a sitting president.	0
Iraqi Leaders Warn Against Poll Postponement Baghdad, Nov. 29 (NNN) : Iraqs interim deputy prime minister has said that postponing the forthcoming Iraqi elections would be giving in to terrorism.	0
Vigil for Arafat as details of his condition remain sketchy CLAMART, France: Some 20 pro-Palestinians continued a vigil early Saturday outside a hospital here after doctors tending Yasser Arafat said his condition had not changed but refused to respond to unconfirmed reports that the 75-year-old leader was brain 	0
Philly Fed: Factories Slowed in November  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Factory activity in the U.S.  Mid-Atlantic region slowed in November, but held in positive  territory as the outlook for the future bounced back from  depressed levels, a survey showed on Thursday.	2
Afghans refugees see hope in their absentee ballots About 740,000 Afghans who fled violence and repression at home are expected to vote in Saturday's election.	0
Retail sales sluggish as holiday season opens The nations retailers had a disappointing start to the holiday season, reporting sluggish sales for November after a surge in Thanksgiving weekend business failed to materialize.	2
Redesigning Rockets: NASA Space Propulsion Finds a New Home (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - While the exploration of the Moon and other planets in our solar system is nbsp;exciting, the first task for astronauts and robots alike is to actually nbsp;get to those destinations.	3
Lions #39; Drummond out for season Detroit, MI (Sports Network) - Detroit Lions kick returner Eddie Drummond will miss the remainder of the season after fracturing his shoulder blade during Thursday #39;s 41-9 loss to the Indianapolis Colts.	1
A little competition for Schumacher SPA-FRANCORCHAMPS, Belgium - Jarno Trulli is the only driver to beat Michael Schumacher this season. On Saturday, the Renault driver claimed another victory.	1
Olympic torch heads off to Beijing While celebrating unprecedented success at the Athens Olympics, China has its sights firmly set on the Beijing Games in four years when they hope to present the country #39;s new face to the world.	1
Belmont Hill takes advantage of BB amp;N errors BELMONT -- It was rapidly getting dark in Belmont and with no lights for the field and no visible moon, something had to give. Trailing, 13-8, at the half, Belmont Hill put the pieces together and pulled out a 36-25 Independent School League win over Buckingham Browne  amp; Nichols yesterday.	1
1 race or 2? That could be the question MARTINSVILLE - The owners are new. The track resurfaced. The railroad is relocating. The souvenir haulers have moved. And that #39;s since April, the last time 63,000 fans watched NASCAR Nextel Cup racing at Martinsville Speedway.	1
Google shares soar 18 percent on first day In the stock #39;s first day trading, investors bought, sold and flipped shares at a furious pace, with the price ending just above \$100 -- 18 percent higher than where it started. 	2
RPT-UPDATE 2-Slot machine maker IGT beats estimates Slot machine maker International Game Technology (IGT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted better-than-expected quarterly earnings, as casinos bought 	2
Evolution debate ongoing in Georgia ATLANTA A debate over evolution continues in Georgia almost 80 years after the Scopes Monkey Trial in Tennessee. Earlier this year, science teachers complained when schools superintendent Kathy Cox proposed 	3
In '04 Florida, Lawsuits Begin Before Election Florida is already teeming with lawsuits charging the state and its county elections supervisors with voter disenfranchisement.	0
MLB: Marlins, Cubs Split Double-Header Major League Baseball #39;s World Series defending champion Florida Marlins split a double-header with host Chicago Cubs Friday in their first match up since last year #39;s National League title series.	1
Vaso Active: Settles SEC Fraud Charges  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Drug maker Vaso Active Pharmaceuticals  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VAPH.PK target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VAPH.PK&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said U.S. regulators approved a  settlement with the company and its former chief executive over  allegedly misleading disclosures in public documents.	2
October auto sales US consumers bought only 29,000 more new cars and trucks in October than they did last year, but the companies expect sales to flourish now that the divisive and distracting US presidential race is over.	2
Tobacco company wants government to butt out MONTREAL - The Canadian arm of a huge tobacco company has asked a Quebec court to stop a provincial lawsuit claiming \$1.4 billion in unpaid taxes on smuggled cigarettes.	2
NY, NY: Randolph takes over hometown team Willie Randolph hung up the phone and gave his wife a big hug. After falling short nearly a dozen times, he finally was a major league manager.	1
Report Probes Gifts to Schwarzenegger Aides (AP) AP - Top aides to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger have skirted state regulations limiting gifts from special interest groups by spreading them around through their families, the Los Angeles Times reported Sunday.	0
Woodgate suffers further injury setback Real Madrid centre-back Jonathan Woodgate had to retire from a practice match on Thursday after suffering a recurrence of his thigh muscle injury.	1
Beijing's Tourism Impresses Williams Three days into his 11-day trip to Asia, the D.C. mayor said Washington has much to learn from the way China's capital sells itself as a tourist destination.	0
Steelers Extend Win Streak to 11 Games (AP) AP - On the day Jerome Bettis and Curtis Martin went over 13,000 yards rushing, Bettis will be remembered most for, of all things, his passing.	1
Equatorial Guinea Wants Thatcher Extradited --Lawyer  MALABO, Equatorial Guinea (Reuters) - Equatorial Guinea  wants Mark Thatcher, son of former British Prime Minister  Margaret Thatcher, extradited from South Africa after his  arrest on suspicion of involvement in a coup attempt, one of  the country's lawyers said Thursday.	0
M.I.T. Makes Yale Provost First Woman to Be Its Chief Susan Hockfield, a 53-year-old neuroscientist, is the first woman and the first person from the life sciences to achieve the presidency.	3
AUTO INDUSTRY REPORT: Ford CEO has new goal Ford Motor Co. CEO Bill Ford Jr. plans to revive his push to make the automaker more environmentally friendly now that he no longer has to deal with a financial crisis, Newsweek reported.	2
Baseball and its fans recover from 1994 strike Ten years after the World Series was canceled and fans left in droves, Major League Baseball will tell you it has never been healthier.	1
Texas Performs 21st Execution This Year A former high school football star who helped abduct a man from the parking lot of a gay nightclub, then robbed and killed him, was executed on Tuesday in the 21st lethal injection in Texas this year.	1
Eichel: Paris Club to Forgive Most Iraqi Debt German Finance Minister Hans Eichel said on Saturday that the Paris Club had reached a framework agreement to forgive 80 percent of Iraqi debt.	0
Libraries in a Net future The news that Google will digitize more than 15 million books and make them available online didnt dominate headlines all week, but it would have if editors had a longer view for historical impact.	3
Go-ahead for new internet names The internet could soon have two new domain names, aimed at mobile services and the jobs market.	3
Iranian film wins Indian honour Iranian movie Beautiful City scoops the main prize at the International Film Festival of India.	0
Googling Libraries Google is trying to create an online reading room for five major libraries by scanning stacks of hard-to-find books into its Internet search engine.	3
Battling Paradorn Reaches Long Island Semifinals  COMMACK, New York (Reuters) - Defending champion Paradorn  Srichaphan withstood a barrage of huge hitting to beat Swede  Joachim Johansson 3-6, 7-6, 6-3 and reach the semifinals of the  Long Island Cup Friday.	1
Launch Date Set for Cosmos 1, The World #39;s First Solar Sail &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Cosmos 1 team announced today that the worlds first solar sail spacecraft will be set for launch on March 1, 2005 from a submerged submarine in the Barents Sea.	3
Jail order for Indian politician India's Supreme Court orders controversial politician Rajesh Ranjan, who is facing murder charges, back to jail.	0
BellSouth:  #36;3.3 Bln Rise in Benefit Costs (Reuters) Reuters - BellSouth Corp. (BLS.N) said on\Wednesday its new labor contract had triggered a  #36;3.3 billion\increase in its estimates of future retiree medical costs,\reducing fourth-quarter earnings by 3 cents to 4 cents a share.	2
Jury in Peterson Trial Gets Long Weekend REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - Jurors in the Scott Peterson murder trial got an early start on their weekend when the judge delayed cross-examination of the prosecution's star witness, then sent them home because of what he described as a "potential development."   Judge Alfred A...	0
Naga leaders in Delhi for talks Separatist leaders from the north-east Indian state of Nagaland arrive in Delhi for peace talks.	0
Bush Rhetoric Becoming More Aggressive CRAWFORD, Texas - President Bush is launching a focus on Western battlegrounds with no sign that the biting rhetoric he has aimed at Democratic challenger John Kerry in recent days is as aggressive as it's going to get.    Bush spent one day off the campaign trail, relaxing on Sunday at his central Texas ranch and engaging in informal preparations for the final debate before Election Day - Wednesday in Tempe, Ariz...	0
Palestinians Look to Future Without Arafat A day after Yasser Arafat was buried, Palestinians began taking stock of a future without the man who led their fight for independence, while Europe and the US look at ways to revive the stalled peace process.	0
Lofty Fuel, Low Fares Batter Airlines (Reuters) Reuters - The twin burdens of soaring fuel prices\and slipping airfares clobbered the airline industry again in\the third quarter, leaving three of the top four U.S. carriers\to post quarterly losses on Wednesday.	2
Dark arenas greet season The NHL lockout has robbed Tampa Bay Lightning fans of the chance to see their first Stanley Cup banner unveiled at the St. Petes Times Forum tonight in what should have been their team #39;s season opener.	1
Broadband by Power Lines Moves Forward FCC clears the way for more companies to offer the alternative form of Net access. The US Federal Communications Commission this week cleared the way for power companies to roll out broadband over power line 	3
Patriots notebook: Vrabel in starting lineup The  quot;lower leg quot; injury that knocked Mike Vrabel out of practice Friday wasn #39;t serious enough to take the outside linebacker out of the starting lineup against Buffalo at Gillette Stadium last night.	1
Steve Jobs is thinner, but his drive hasn #39;t faltered  quot;I #39;m back, quot; declared Apple Computer #39;s Steve Jobs last Thursday morning in his first public appearance before reporters since cancer surgery in late July.	3
Rams' Trev Faulk Gets to Face Cousin (AP) AP - Trev Faulk will be making his first career start, and he might get a chance to tackle his cousin for the first time.	1
Sony prefer PS2 over PSP Sony is not exactly going mega with the launch of its handheld gaming system named PSP on December 12. Instead, critics already fear that getting hand on one would be a very tough affair.	3
Treasuries Slip as NY Industry Rebounds Treasuries prices slipped on Wednesday after a survey of regional US manufacturing showed a sharp recovery in early September, countering signs of softness elsewhere in the economy.	2
Penn National Bets on Argosy The consolidation wave in the gaming industry has taken yet another somewhat shocking turn. Wednesday afternoon, casino and racetrack operator Penn National Gaming (Nasdaq: PENN 	2
Internet worm disguises itself as e-Christmas card HELSINKI - Internet security experts are warning about a mass-mailing worm with the subject line  quot;Merry Christmas quot; or  quot;Happy Holidays.	3
Study Reveals 'Demographic Catastrophe' in Darfur (Reuters) Reuters - Researchers called the situation in\Darfur a "demographic catastrophe" on Friday after the first\scientific study done in the region found high death rates both\before and after the displacement of some 1.5 million people.	3
Update 1: SEC Investigating Morningstar Over Data Morningstar Inc., the firm that millions of investors rely on to rate the performance of mutual funds, is under investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission for failing to properly correct inaccurate data it published about a mutual fund.	2
Explorer Says Titanic Should Be Protected (AP) AP - Legendary explorer Robert Ballard was nervous this summer as he prepared to return to the Titanic for the first time since he discovered the famous shipwreck nearly two decades ago.	3
Canada's Environmental Record Bad-Official Report (Reuters) Reuters - The Canadian government is not doing\enough to protect the environment because of a lack of\leadership and political will, a senior official said in a\scathing report released on Tuesday.	3
China Iron Mine Fire Death Toll Rises to 33  BEIJING (Reuters) - Rescue workers have recovered the  bodies of 33 Chinese miners killed when fire swept through a  group of iron mines in the northern region of Inner Mongolia,  state media said on Monday.	0
UN Envoys Urge Restraint by Rwanda DAKAR, Senegal, Nov. 25 -- UN Security Council diplomats appealed to Rwanda for restraint Thursday after Rwandan President Paul Kagame threatened to renew Central Africa #39;s deadliest conflict, claiming his 	0
In Iraq, Courtesy Call Takes Poise and Patience Staff Sgt. Chris Fritz set out for a meeting with the mayor of Musayyib to discuss the needs of the city in a convoy of nine armored trucks equipped with .50-caliber machine guns and Mark 19 automatic grenade launchers. He was protected by three dozen Marines wearing full body armor and carrying assault rifles and assorted mortars and grenades.	0
Cleveland has nothing to lose vs. Patriots This area is footballs mecca -he Hall of Fame is about an hour away, in Canton  - the fans here have been deprived of good football for so long.	1
Putin went  #39;too far #39; on Ukraine RUSSIAN President Vladimir Putin went  quot;too far quot; in a warning to the West not to adopt a colonial attitude toward Ukraine #39;s election wrangle, EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana has said.	0
Internet #39;s Speed Increases As It Turns 35 Years Old As the Internet turned 35 last week, Web speed-demons claimed a new record for how fast data can be transmitted over computer networks, announcing they had sent the equivalent of a big fat 	3
Lexmark #39;s Laser-Quick Response Before you click the print icon on your computer screen again, you may want to check the serial number of your printer. Lexmark (NYSE: LXK), a leading manufacturer of 	3
WTO hits US with sanctions The World Trade Organization imposed penalties yesterday on exports ranging from apples to textiles, escalating a trade dispute the Bush administration has tried to defuse by unsuccessfully urging Congress to repeal legislation aimed at protecting US steel makers.	2
Image virus spreads via chat A note sent through AOL's popular instant-messaging software directs victims to Web sites that host the dangerous graphics.	3
Wi-Fi Planet highlights multichannel access points (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - This week #8217;s Wi-Fi Planet Conference and Expo will highlight the increasing variety and sophistication of WLAN technology for the enterprise.	3
Banks freeze Gazprom loan An international banking consortium has decided to suspend approval for the 10 billion (6.9bn) loan to Gazprom that would have financed the state-controlled company #39;s acquisition of Yukos #39;s most important oil production plant.	2
Yankees notebook: Giambi may not be fall guy After sitting out the final two games of the weekend #39;s series with the Red Sox, Jason Giambi was not in the Yankees lineup again last night and, for the first time, manager Joe Torre 	1
Contextual Ads: Vital to a Search Marketing Campaign? Are you bidding on keywords through Overture's Precision Match, Google's AdWords or another pay-for-placement service? If so, you're eligible to participate in their contextual advertising programs.	3
Chase for the Cup To NASCAR fans, a pocket calculator is going to be as valuable today as an air gun for a tire changer. Depending on where they finish in the season finale at Homestead-Miami Speedway, the 18 	1
AT amp;T Wireless, Cingular merger passes one test US antitrust regulators have approved the \$41 billion purchase of Redmond-based AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. by Cingular Wireless LLC, the Associated Press and Reuters have reported.	2
Congo Ex-Rebel Group Pulls Out of Government  GOMA, Congo (Reuters) - The former main rebel group during  Congo's civil war pulled out of a power-sharing transitional  government on Monday, dealing a major blow to the country's  already fragile peace process.	0
NL Wrap: Patterson #39;s Homer Keeps Cubs in NL Wildcard Lead Corey Patterson clubbed a two-run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give the Chicago Cubs a 4-2 win over the Milwaukee Brewers in the National League (NL) Wednesday.	1
As Milosevic turns 63, UN judges seek to get trial back on track THE HAGUE -- Slobodan Milosevic spent a fourth birthday in UN custody yesterday, his war crimes trial at a standstill because of his fragile health and his judges facing a dilemma on how to get it going again.	0
Singapore Shares End Down On Weak US Dlr, Indus Output SINGAPORE (Dow Jones)--Singapore shares ended lower Friday, tracking regional markets on renewed concerns that the sagging US dollar against the Singapore dollar will hurt exports and economic growth.	2
Canada Sets Tone in World Cup Victory Over U.S. The North American rivalry picked up at the same elite level it reached when Canada beat the United States for the gold medal in the 2002 Winter Olympics.	1
Chicago and Cabaret lyricist dies Fred Ebb, the lyricist who wrote Chicago and the classic song New York, New York, dies of a heart attack.	0
Ulmer gives New Zealand historic gold Athens - Sarah Ulmer gave New Zealand their first ever Olympic cycling gold medal and only their second of the Athens Games on Sunday, breaking her own world record for the women #39;s 3-km individual pursuit in the process.	1
BlackRock Gets a Piece of Met In the asset management industry, the corporate structures can get confusing -- and the numbers huge. BlackRock (NYSE: BLK), for example, is a large asset management firm with \$314 billion under management.	2
Circuit City narrows 3Q loss Circuit City Stores Inc. on Friday reported a narrower third-quarter loss from continuing operations as sales of higher-margin warranties and improved distribution helped offset weak merchandise sales.	2
Vinatieri not kicking himself The last time Adam Vinatieri faced the Miami Dolphins, in a 24-10 victory Oct. 10 at Gillette Stadium, the Patriots kicker missed a 47-yard attempt wide right to end a string of seven consecutive successful field goal tries.	1
Cardinals finish off Astros; Red Sox up next Jim Edmonds made a circus catch. Jeff Suppan outpitched the Rocket. And Albert Pujols and Scott Rolen came through, yet again. Surrounded by a rollicking sea of red, clearly these St.	1
Car Bombs in Iraq Kill 21, Wound More Than 100 A series of car bomb blasts tore through Baghdad and the northern Iraq city of Mosul on Monday, killing at least 21 people and wounding scores.	0
Indian hostages set to return home After 42 days in captivity, the three Indian truckers are all set to fly back home today. They are currently in Kuwait and would be taking a special flight back home later tonight.	0
US braces for trade backlash WASHINGTON - The World Trade Organization is set to give the go-ahead today for sweeping retaliation against the United States from Canada, Europe and others for its continuing refusal to dismantle illegal trading laws.	2
A New Drug for Lung Cancer Genentech and OSI's launch of Tarceva brings a new choice in the treatment of lung cancer.	2
Sendo, Microsoft Settle Lawsuits Two-year legal dispute over smart phone technology comes to an end.	3
SAP presents new capabilities for Netweaver SAP AG announced two updates to the Master Data Management (MDM) component of its NetWeaver integration and application platform on Tuesday. The updates, which will appear by the end of the year, are designed to make it easier to synchronize data between different systems. Two other new NetWeaver enhancements, faster searching of corporate data and more robust handling of errors in Java applications, will only appear in the next release of NetWeaver, planned for 2005, the company said at the SAP TechEd conference in San Diego.	3
Daggers Sharp but Not Penetrating You're unlikely to find a martial arts movie as beautiful as Zhang Yimou's House of Flying Daggers, but you'll need to look elsewhere for passion. By Jason Silverman.	3
Jets and Rams Make Playoffs Jeff Wilkins made a 31-yard field goal with 3:02 left in overtime to give the St. Louis Rams a 32-29 win over the Jets as both teams made the playoffs.	1
Too close to call EVEN after six months of constant competition between the same teams, in both forms of the game, it is difficult to call today #39;s ICC Champions Trophy final at the Oval.	1
Rodman to Play in Mexico on NBA Comeback Trail  MONTERREY, Mexico (Reuters) - Retired basketball great  Dennis Rodman is to play two games with a Mexican league side  next month as part of his slow-burn campaign to return to the  NBA.	1
Mondavi to sell off luxury wine brands In the latest act of Napa Valley #39;s continuing King Lear saga, Robert Mondavi Corp. said Tuesday it plans to sell off its luxury wine brands, including the original Robert Mondavi Winery that made the company famous.	2
Singapore Gov #39;t Arm Releases Report The Singapore government #39;s investment arm, Temasek Holdings, released a public annual report Tuesday for the first time since its inception three decades ago, shedding some light on its long-secretive operations.	2
Kazaa Offers Unlimited Free Internet Phone Calls Sharman Networks Ltd., distributor of the Kazaa file-sharing software, on Monday launched its latest version which enables users to make free online calls anywhere in the world.	3
Did Triassic monster use suction to feed? A newly discovered Triassic reptile that has a neck much longer than its body is reopening a question long thought settled: what good is a long neck?	3
N.Korea Says Reconsidering Place at Nuclear Talks  SEOUL (Reuters) - North Korea is seriously reconsidering  its role in talks on its nuclear plans because of what it sees  as a concerted campaign to topple the North's ruling system,  the North Korean Foreign Ministry said on Monday.	0
No Charges Imminent After Basketball Brawl (AP) AP - Investigators interviewed nine people injured in the brawl at the end of the Pistons-Pacers game, but no charges were imminent in the case, the county prosecutor said Monday.	1
Another step along the way The unofficial exhibition season disclaimer for defending champions and lottery teams alike reads as follows:	1
Skoll urges valley to create local endowment (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Former eBay President Jeff Skoll is challenging Silicon Valley to create an endowment to address local needs.	3
British police search for clues on the train crash that killed 7 (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LONDON (AP) - Police on Sunday searched the site of a train crash that killed seven people and seriously injured 11 for clues to what caused a car to be on the tracks as the high-speed train approached.	0
Heart Op Over, UK's Blair Now Risks Succession War  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Prime Minister Tony Blair  underwent successful heart surgery on Friday and returned home  looking relaxed following a surprise vow to serve a record  third term and deny rivals power for five more years.	0
National League Game Summary - Chicago at Pittsburgh Pittsburgh, PA (Sports Network) - Carlos Zambrano tossed 7 1/3 shutout innings to lead the Chicago Cubs to a 1-0 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates in the middle contest of a three-game set at PNC Park.	1
Tech Stocks Tumble After Chip Makers Warn  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Thursday, hit by a  sharp drop in technology shares following a slew of sales  warnings from semiconductor makers, and as oil prices rose  nearly \$1 a barrel.	2
Todt on the race, Rubens #39; victory, strategy and the  #39;China project &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Following an  #39;eventful #39; inaugural Chinese Grand Prix, certainly as far as his team is concerned, Jean Todt sat down to answer a few questions, while company president Luca di Montezemolo disappeared to change out of his Champagne-soaked suit.	1
Sharon eases conditions for resuming peace talks with the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Israel signalled flexibility and openness toward the emerging new Palestinian leadership Friday, with a top adviser to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon saying peace talks could resume if the Palestinians showed some goodwill.	0
J.P. Morgan Chase Profit Falls 13 Percent  NEW YORK (Reuters) - J.P. Morgan Chase   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JPM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JPM.N&lt;/A&gt; posted  lower third-quarter earnings on Wednesday, missing analyst  expectations, as costs from its July merger with Bank One Corp.  and anemic fixed-income trading revenue hurt profits.	2
Boxer Becomes Third Biggest Vote Getter (AP) AP - Little noticed in this month's election was that the nation's third biggest vote getter, behind only President Bush and John Kerry, was Sen. Barbara Boxer, a fiery California Democrat who proudly wears her liberalism on her sleeve.	0
Kazaa launches file-swap defence Lawyers for file-swapping software firm Kazaa have begun their defence in a landmark Australian music piracy case. Kazaa said its software, which allows users to exchange copyrighted music over 	3
Earthquake of Magnitude 6.8 Jolts Tokyo (Reuters) Reuters - A strong earthquake with a magnitude of\6.8 jolted Tokyo and surrounding areas on Saturday, but\officials said there were no immediate reports of damage or\injuries and no tsunami warning was issued.	0
Kerry Tries to Turn Campaign Against Bush (AP) AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, trying to recover from a brass-knuckles campaign against his character, is attempting to steer the election to a referendum on President Bush's leadership.	0
Ch. League: Milan, Barca, power through AC Milan and Barcelona joined the other powerhouses in the second round of the Champions League on Wednesday while Arsenal had two players sent off in a fourth tie in a row and still isn #39;t there yet.	1
South Korean Court Rules Against Capital Relocation The Constitutional Court of South Korea delivered a major blow to President Roh Moo-hyun today by virtually scuttling his high-profile plan to relocate the national capital away from Seoul.	0
Darfur Peace Talks Seek to Break Deadlock ABUJA, Nigeria Oct 25, 2004 - Sudan #39;s government and rebels met Monday to try to break a deadlock over key security issues holding up the signing of an accord to grant humanitarian organizations wider access to hundreds of thousands of refugees of the 	0
Spammer  #39;bounty hunters #39; will need rewards of up to \$2,50,000: FTC WASHINGTON: The US government should be prepared to spend freely if it decides to encourage  quot;bounty hunters quot; to track down e-mail spammers, the US Federal Trade Commission said.	3
Red Sox sweep Cardinals to win World Series The Boston Red Sox ended their 86-year championship drought with a 3-0 win over the St. Louis Cardinals in Game Four of the World Series.	1
Northwest, Sabre Tussle Heats Up  CHICAGO (Reuters) - A dispute between Northwest Airlines  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NWAC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NWAC.O&lt;/A&gt; and Sabre Holdings Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TSG.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TSG.N&lt;/A&gt; intensified on  Wednesday as the airline sued Sabre for changing the way it  displays fares on its computerized reservation system.	2
FAO Warns of Locust Plague, If Funds Not Provided for Eradication &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) says more funds are essential to combat locust swarms that are devastating crops in West Africa, and warns failure to act quickly, could result in a regional plague by the end of the year.	0
Wal-Mart Unit Passes Rival in Britain Asda, a unit of Wal-Mart, has overtaken Marks   Spencer as Britains biggest clothing retailer, industry figures showed.	2
Singer Cat Stevens Demands Probe Into Deportation  LONDON (Reuters) - Yusuf Islam, the singer-song writer  formerly known as Cat Stevens, Friday demanded an inquiry into  why the United States labeled him a security risk and deported  him.	0
NASA #39;s Longest-Serving Astronaut to Retire John W. Young, Commander of First Shuttle Mission and NASA #39;s Longest-Serving Astronaut, to Retire. HOUSTON Dec 8, 2004 - The longest serving astronaut in history, who flew twice to the moon and commanded 	3
Book ranks Fairbanks high in crime Fairbanks has been labeled the fourth most dangerous metropolitan area in the nation by the publisher of a reference book,  quot;City Crime Rankings.	2
Ponting questions format Captain Ricky Ponting has questioned how much smaller teams can benefit from playing against the top teams in the ICC Champions Trophy.	1
Roman cosmetic secrets revealed The fashion conscious women of Roman Britain used a tin-based foundation to get a pale and appealing look. The evidence comes from a sealed pot of ointment found at an archaeological dig in Southwark, south London, last year.	3
Linksys, Verizon team on Net telephony Verizon will use Linksys phone adapters for its VoIP service, as the market for placing calls over the Net picks up momentum.	3
6 Killed in Arizona As SUV Flees Deputies PHOENIX - A stolen truck filled with suspected illegal immigrants sped away from deputies and rolled over at a busy intersection near an Army post Saturday, causing an 11-car crash that killed six people and seriously injured 15, sheriff's officials said.    Passengers were thrown from the truck as it struck a center median and began to spiral, hitting vehicles waiting at a turn lane, Deputy Chief Randy Redmond of the Sierra Vista Fire Department said...	0
Stocks narrowly mixed.. The Dow Jones industrial average is up 32 points. Decliners on the New York Stock Exchange hold an eight-to-seven lead over advancers.	2
Burial Site Found Near Ancient Olympia (AP) AP - Archeologists have discovered ancient graves near Ancient Olympia, the hallowed site where the Olympic games were born in 776 B.C., the Culture Ministry said Thursday.	3
The Lowdown on High-End PDAs With BlackBerry pagers and Treo smartphones all the rage, why would anyone need -- or even want -- a pedestrian personal digital assistant?	3
Techies Praised for E-Vote Work At a meeting of technologists developing new standards for e-voting systems, the head of the nation's new elections commission lauds computer scientists for the work they're doing on the nation's behalf. By Kim Zetter.	3
Asian Shares Fall on Dollar; Gold, Oil Up (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. dollar stumbled on Monday,\setting multi-month lows against the yen and euro and trading\around four-year lows against the Korean won and Singapore\dollar, prompting investors to clip Asian share markets.	2
US Soldier Killed, Japan Threatened to Leave Iraq, British Troops &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; . British troops moved north from Basra Wednesday to take over a deadly area near Baghdad and free up US troops for a possible attack on Falluja.	0
Indonesia's Yudhoyono rejects foreign help to solve Aceh conflict (AFP) AFP - A state of civil emergency in the rebellion-hit Indonesian province of Aceh has been formally extended by six month, as the country's president pledged to end violence there without foreign help.	0
Santos holds Cubs to one run for win Santos allowed just one run in 6 1-3 innings to win for the first time since beating Chicago on July 16, and the Brewers defeated the Cubs 3-1 Tuesday night. 	1
US Airways, pilots resume talks SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- US Airways Group and its pilots union have resumed negotiations, the Air Line Pilots Association said Wednesday afternoon.	2
Executives of US-based miner Newmont to be freed in Indonesia &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; JAKARTA : Five executives of US-based mining firm Newmont who have been detained for a month as suspects in a pollution case will be released from custody, their lawyer said.	2
Some 600 killed, 1,000 missing and presumed dead in Haiti: premier PARIS : Floods in Haiti have killed 600 people and left 1,000 others missing and presumed dead, Prime Minister Gerard Latortue told French radio.	0
Sony on collision course with music majors over mp3 format Sony has embarked on a potential collision course with music groups, including its own Sony BMG joint venture, over MP3 digital song files.	3
Cellular alternative to DSL, cable Net in the works NEW YORK -- A top networking gear producer plans to offer a speedy new cellular technology that's an alternative to DSL and cable Internet access with the added advantage of being available on the road.	2
WOODGATE INJURY WOE FOR REAL Real Madrid #39;s doctor Alfonso del Corral claims he warned the club they were taking a risk in signing Jonathan Woodgate and has not ruled out the possibility of an operation to cure the defender #39;s long-standing thigh problem.	1
Williams suffer fresh bout of road rage If Sir Frank Williams hoped a complete change of drivers for 2005 would eradicate the tensions that raged so publicly between Ralf Schumacher and Juan Pablo Montoya last season, the British team principal appears mistaken.	1
Gough takes helms of Livingston Former Scotland captain Richard Gough was named as Livingston coach on Tuesday. Gough, 42, who also captained Rangers and Everton and played for Tottenham Hotspur, Nottingham 	1
NBA and union at odds over brawl ban appeals NEW YORK: The National Basketball Association and the players union were at loggerheads on Friday over who has jurisdiction to hear the appeal of the record suspensions meted out in the wake the ugly brawl at a Pacers-Pistons game last month.	1
Fatal accidents damage Japan #39;s nuclear dream On the coast of the Japan Sea, two and a half hours by train from Kyoto, is the quiet fishing village of Mihama. Noted for its harbour and beautiful beaches, it draws tourists from all over the country.	0
China Plays Down Election Eve Barb Against Bush China sought to play down election eve criticism of President Bush by a leading architect of its foreign policy, saying Beijing had clarified the issue with Washington.	0
Ten Sistani Supporters Killed in Iraq's Najaf  NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - At least 10 supporters of Iraq's  top Shi'ite cleric were shot dead in Najaf Thursday when gunmen  opened fire at police who were trying to control the crowd,  prompting the police to return fire, witnesses said.	0
What #39;s next, since Singh has officially surpassed Woods? Vijay Singh made official what we #39;ve known for at least a year, there #39;s nothing wrong with the world rankings, Jack Nicklaus never went through a period like this, and Tiger #39;s  quot;slump, quot; while bad for TV ratings, hints at a new, exciting period in men #39;s golf 	1
Update 3: Report: Yukos to Halt Crude Supplies The board of Russia #39;s embattled oil giant Yukos will halt crude supplies to Baltic refinery Mazeikiu Nafta until the end of the year, the Interfax agency reported Monday - just hours after Yukos confirmed a similar move involving a Chinese company.	2
On latest players, choice is unlimited The menu at Flash's, a saloon on Boston's Stuart Street, offers many choices. The jukebox offers even more.	2
Pakistan test-fires ballistic missile Ghaznavi RAWALPINDI: Pakistan Monday carried out a succes sful test fire of its indigenously developed short range surface to surface ballistic missile Hatf-III Ghaznavi.	0
Egyptian holding company says it has heard four Egyptian hostages &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Egypt said Tuesday that Iraqi kidnappers had freed one Egyptian hostage and were expected to release three others shortly. The holding company that employed the four hostages confirmed that 	0
Will Putin #39;s Power Play Make Russia Safer? Outwardly, Russia has not changed since the barrage of terrorist attacks that culminated in the school massacre in Beslan on Sept.	0
On this night, Blount pays off There may have been times this season when you wondered if Mark Blount really was worth all the fuss, not to mention the \$38 million. Sunday night (6 points, 4 rebounds, 4 fouls, 18 minutes) might have been one of those times. Last night was not.	1
Heartache or history for Red Sox tonight The Boston Red Sox will either make history or go home heartbroken tonight, after a series-ending game against the New York Yankees that Sox fans hope will end the  quot;Curse of the Bambino.	1
ANALYSIS-Suspected Islamist killing tests Dutch tolerance The killing of a filmmaker critical of Islam puts new strains on Dutch traditions of tolerance and will fuel demands for tougher treatment of immigrants, analysts and commentators said on Wednesday.	0
YUKOS Calls Meeting to Mull Bankruptcy Oil major YUKOS will hold a shareholders meeting on Dec. 20 to decide whether to file for bankruptcy or liquidate the firm after it was hit with huge new 	2
Social Security Reform, With One Big Catch The idea that letting people invest some of their Social Security money in the stock market will allow for higher returns is as flawed as a perpetual motion machine.	2
Monti: Courts must rule on MS anti-trust Mario Monti, the outgoing European competition commissioner, has told Microsoft that  quot;the time for settlement has passed quot; on the anti-trust charges the company faces.	3
Big Pharma #39;s Rx to Rise and Shine Investors and insomniacs can rest easy: The Food  amp; Drug Administration approved Lunesta, Sepracor #39;s (SEPR ) new drug for sleeplessness, on Dec. 15.	2
No referendum on disengagement plan: Sharon Brushing aside mounting pressures for a nationwide referendum on his disengagement plan, a defiant Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ruled out any such possibility along with calls for new elections.	0
India next in line for cut-down XP Microsoft has named India as the next market for its stripped-down version of XP, with shipping expected to begin early next year.	3
Chimes up for Redknapp Harry Redknapp quit Portsmouth after the relationship with chairman Milan Mandaric became untenable, though the manager diplomatically said he simply felt it was time for a break.	1
Space flight  #39;extremely difficult #39; London - Space tourism, the business of rocketing civilians into orbit as British tycoon Richard Branson vowed on Monday to do, is technically feasible within a few years but fraught with perils, a space expert said.	3
Update 5: Volkswagen, German Union OK Pay Freeze Germany #39;s biggest industrial union agreed to a 28-month pay freeze in a deal Wednesday with automaker Volkswagen, receiving in return a guarantee that there will be no layoffs before 2011, the chief union negotiator said Wednesday.	2
Sorenstam signs off in triumph Annika Sorenstam and American Cristie Kerr went head to head in the final round of the ADT Tour Championship yesterday, and it took the first hole of a sudden 	1
UPDATE 1-Inter make hard work of Cup win over Bologna Inter Milan came from behind to beat Bologna 3-1 in an Italian Cup third round, first leg match at the San Siro stadium on Sunday.	1
Broader impact from airline pension woes feared With three major airlines now in a fiscal tailspin, concern is growing not only that this industry may be facing a large-scale pension funding crisis, but also that all defined benefit plan sponsors could wind up paying for these companies #39; failures.	2
PalmOne packs Treo smart phone with new chip PalmOne Inc.'s long-awaited update to the Treo 600 will come with a new processor, sharper display and flash memory, as the company continues to improve its flagship product. The company is set to unveil the device, called the Treo 650, Monday at the Cellular Telecommunications and Internet Association's (CTIA's) Wireless IT and Entertainment conference.	3
Donovan Captains Team With longtime captain Claudio Reyna sidelined with a thigh injury, Coach Bruce Arena feels comfortable tapping 22-year-old phenom Landon Donovan to captain the U.S. squad.	1
Symantec to acquire Veritas  Computer security giant Symantec Corp. is buying storage and backup program specialist Veritas Software Corp. to create the world's fourth-largest software maker, marking the latest merger in an industry trend that's expected to compress the competition to a few juggernauts.	2
Texas LB Johnson Captures Bronco Nagurski Trophy  CHARLOTTE, N.C. (Sports Network) - Texas linebacker Derrick  Johnson was named the Bronco Nagurski Trophy winner Monday. The  award is presented annually to the best defensive player in  college football	1
Judges rule file-sharing software legal update A federal appeals court has upheld a controversial court decision that said file-sharing software programs such as Grokster or Morpheus are legal.	3
Iraqi education official killed The top education ministry official in the oil-rich northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk has been assassinated by unknown assailants.  quot;Ibrahim Ismail was killed on the main road as he was heading to the technological 	0
Beltre Agrees to  #36;64M Deal With Mariners (AP) AP - Prized free agent Adrian Beltre and the Seattle Mariners agreed to a  #36;64 million, five-year deal Thursday, The Associated Press learned.	1
Nixon is eager to hit his stride ANAHEIM, Calif. -- In the immediate moments after Wednesday night's win over the Anaheim Angels, reporters gathered three-deep around the locker of catcher Jason Varitek, who clubbed a two-run homer to tie the game in the sixth, and helped navigate the heartening performance of Pedro Martinez, who notched a convincing playoff win, demonstrating high heat and the kind of location ...	1
Kuznetsova struggles to advance to quarters in China Open US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova overcame a strong effort by Chinese qualifier Li Na and an opposing crowd to reach the quarterfinals of the China Open with a 6-3, 6-7 (6-8), 7-6 (7-3) victory on Thursday.	1
Qwest to Pay \$250 Mln to Settle SEC Fraud Charges (Update2) Qwest Communications International Inc., the fourth-largest US local-telephone provider, agreed to pay \$250 million to settle US Securities and Exchange Commission allegations that it 	2
Caminiti guilty but has served time Former NL Most Valuable Player Ken Caminiti admitted in court that he violated his probation by testing positive for cocaine last month, and was sentenced to 180 days in jail in Houston. But State District Judge William Harmon gave Caminiti credit for time served in jail and a treatment facility since he was sentenced to three years probation for cocaine ...	1
Darfur Governor Links Khartoum Plot with Rebels (Reuters) Reuters - A senior Sudanese official\charged on Sunday that a rebel group with which Khartoum is\negotiating to bring peace to the troubled Darfur region was\linked to an alleged coup plot uncovered last week.	0
Volz escapes charges as Fulham get shakes Moritz Volz will escape punishment for accidently kicking a pensioner in the head during Fulham #39;s 4-3 defeat at Portsmouth last night.	1
Congress delivers 146-billion-dollar tax cut WASHINGTON : Congress approved a 146-billion-dollar tax cut endorsed by both President George W. Bush and his rival John Kerry but criticized as a budget buster by some economists.	2
Creative unveils iPod Mini-coloured MuVo2 update If you can #39;t beat  #39;em, copy  #39;em. Creative Technology today began selling an updated version of its MuVo2 hard drive-based music player in five alternative colours reminiscent of Apple #39;s iPod Mini.	3
Car Bomb Kills 2 Americans in Kabul A powerful car bomb exploded at dusk Sunday outside the downtown office of an American security contracting firm and an adjacent building used to train Afghan police.	0
Football. Fake grass approved  Uefa says it will allow European matches to be played on artificial pitches from the start of next season.	0
Nortel Sees Lower 3rd-Quarter Revenue  TORONTO (Reuters) - Nortel Networks Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; expects  to report lower 2004 third-quarter revenues compared to the  second quarter, North America's largest maker of telecom  equipment said in a market update required by regulators on  Thursday.	2
Military Assault in Falluja Is Likely, U.S. Officers Say The military offensive would be the largest and potentially the riskiest since the end of major combat in May 2003.	0
Baseball's Return to D.C. Long Time Coming (AP) AP - The last time the nation's capital was home to the national pastime, the game was literally a riot.	1
Business Digest Microsoft Corp. said it is cutting a net total of 49 jobs from its Windows Server division as part of a shift to more automated software testing and changes in the way it produces technical documents.	3
Omnicare makes another play for NeighborCare Covington-based Omnicare said Wednesday that it has extended its tender offer (a takeover bid publicly inviting shareholders to sell their stock) for all outstanding shares of NeighborCare through Sept.	2
Toshiba to make 80GB 1.8-inch drives Toshiba Corp. is close to commercializing a new data storage technology that could significantly increase the capacity of hard-disk drives, it said Tuesday.	3
Karzai attack underlines Afghan election fears Thousands of kilometers away in Afghanistan itself, security experts, independent analysts and candidates are equally amazed that the polls will go ahead on October 9, in spite of insecurity and few guarantees that the vote will be free and fair.	0
Australia accused over  #39;fair trial #39; call Canberra has been accused of playing politics after it called on Washington to ensure the military trials of two Australians are conducted fairly.	0
U-turn for Diamondbacks The Arizona Diamondbacks completed a remarkable U-turn on Friday by sacking manager Wally Backman just four days after appointing him.	1
Shanghai set for Formula One race China is hosting its first Formula One Grand Prix on a gleaming new \$240 million circuit in Shanghai.	0
Charlotte stops Lynx to rise to top in East A record-setting start against Minnesota put the Charlotte Sting alone atop the Eastern Conference. Charlotte opened the game with a WNBA-record 21 straight points and Charlotte Smith-Taylor scored 13 in the Sting's 60-50 win over the Minnesota Lynx last night in Charlotte, N.C.	1
Yukos Shareholders Will Vote on Filing for Bankruptcy Setting the stage for what could be the final act in the Yukos drama, shareholders in the company will gather next month to vote on whether it should declare bankruptcy, the company #39;s top official said on Wednesday.	2
Rackable Systems adds new NAS to line Rackable Systems has added to its line of NAS solutions with its new S3116-NAS server appliance. The new NAS server is designed for datacenters looking for a high-performance SATA system at an affordable price, according to Geoffrey Noer, senior director of storage products at Rackable Systems. Companies using expensive Fibre Channel-based storage can migrate older projects to a lower-cost Rackable Systems NAS, Noer said. Other uses include disk-based backup, small and medium business workgroups, and applications such as seismic processing and video rendering, he said.	3
Microsoft to Offer Cheaper, Limited Windows in Russia It's part of the company's effort to beat back Linux and piracy efforts in developing technology markets.	3
SEC deadline delay spells Sarb-Ox relief The SEC has postponed by a year its plans to shorten the time companies have to file their annual reports -- a move expected to help firms more easily adopt Sarbanes-Oxley reporting requirements.	3
Hollywood to sue internet file sharers Hollywood #39;s biggest movie studios are to sue people who share films through internet file-sharing networks. The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) announced on Thursday that it will sue unnamed individuals 	3
Sony gaming supply shortage extends Sony Corp, which on Tuesday confirmed a shipping halt on the Suez Canal disrupted delivery of its newest PlayStation 2 to Europe, said supply shortages of the game console extend to the United States.	3
al-Qaida Claims Killing of British Man (AP) AP - An Internet periodical considered the voice of al-Qaida's operations in Saudi Arabia claimed the terror network was responsible for the shooting death of a British national in the Saudi capital of Riyadh a week ago.	0
Ex-head of BBC blasts Blair on Iraq The BBC continued to make news rather than merely report it as its former director launched a bitter attack on Prime Minister Tony Blair and its new chief tried to lay out a 	0
Tokyo Edge: New Choices in Digital Entertainment (PC World) PC World - PC and home theater make sleek package, while new portable music devices abound.	3
Eagles teach, Lions learn The upstart Detroit Lions, heady with the success of their 2-0 start, were hoping to make a statement about where they stand on their personal road to improvement from being a team that #39;s 	1
How to keep oil flowing? Invest VIENNA: The spike in oil prices is stoking heated arguments between market players, who blame each other for lack of output capacities that has been exposed by strong global demand.	2
World oil prices hit new highs Astana - London, September 28. KAZINFORM quotes BBC source. - World oil prices broke fresh records on Monday, with US light crude poised to break through the \$50 a barrel mark, and Brent crude topping \$46 in London.	2
Red Sox hope Schilling doesn #39;t have to pitch again The Boston Red Sox will try to get Curt Schilling ready for another World Series start. They certainly hope they don #39;t need to use him.	1
Jones should  quot;lose all medals if guilty quot; World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) chief Dick Pound says that if US sprinter Marion Jones has taken banned substances she should be stripped of all her medals regardless of when she won them.	1
Heavy clashes in Ramadi as troops buildup offensive to retake the insurgent-held cities has begun on the eve of the US presidential election. company #39;s office in Baghdad, the Interior Ministry said on Monday.	0
Nokia Breaks into Home Security Market The Nokia Remote Camera works by combining a digital camera, GSM transceiver and MMS technology. All it needs is a regular main power supply and access to a GSM network, so it does not require 	3
EchoStar Posts Profit, Adds Subscribers EchoStar Communications Corp. (DISH.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday said third-quarter profit rose on an aggressive campaign to add more new subscribers.	2
U.S. Renews Iran Nuclear Complaint After New Photos  VIENNA (Reuters) - A senior U.S. official said on Thursday  that satellite photographs of a suspected nuclear industrial  site in Iran demonstrated its intention to develop atomic  weapons, an allegation Tehran dismissed as "a new lie."	0
Philips sells PC monitor and flat TV manufacturing unit Taiwan #39;s TPV Technology Ltd. has agreed to buy the unbranded computer monitor and entry-level flat-screen television manufacturing operations of Dutch consumer electronics giant Koninklijke Philips Electronics NV.	2
Macca Goes to the Super Bowl Sir Paul McCartney has been named the featured performer at next year #39;s Super Bowl halftime show, to be shown on the Fox network on Feb 6. Janet Jackson #39;s duet with Justin Timberlake caused a ruckus at the show this year, when she bared her breast.	1
Pakistan cuffs Al-Qaida-linked terrorists ISLAMABAD, Pakistan - Military forces arrested at least five al-Qaida-linked terrorists plotting to launch suicide attacks on the US Embassy and Pakistani leaders, the government said yesterday.	0
Hollywood lawsuits to strike Net pirates com November 4, 2004, 2:38 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.	3
Christmas assistance Families who are approved will receive a Christmas food box and gifts for their children through the Angel Tree program. Those applying need to appear in person at The Salvation Army, 200 E. Ninth in Shawnee.	2
SBC Gives Microsoft \$400 Mln Internet TV Deal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - SBC Communications &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SBC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SBC.N&lt;/A&gt; will use  Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; technology to launch video services  over upgraded high-speed data lines, the companies said  Wednesday.	2
Notre Dame #39;s firing isn #39;t case of black, white Now that Notre Dame has fired Tyrone Willingham, that #39;s how many black head coaches there are at America #39;s 117 Division IA universities.	1
Unheralded McDonald one up on favorite Els in the Alfred Dunhill MALELANE, South Africa (Sports Network) -- Unheralded Bruce McDonald, a 23-year-old from Zimbabwe, posted a 6-under-par 66 on Thursday to take a one-shot lead over tournament favorite Ernie Els after the opening round of the Alfred Dunhill Championship.	1
Bombardier Transportation to cut 2,200 more jobs in restructuring MONTREAL (CP) - Bombardier Inc. is cutting 2,200 more jobs in its rail transportation division, bringing the total reductions to 7,600 by April 2006 - or 21 per cent of the division #39;s workforce.	2
Bank to add up to 900 jobs in R.I. Bank of America Corp. said yesterday it will add up to 900 jobs in Rhode Island with the opening of a call center in East Providence.	2
Noguchi Wins Olympic Marathon as Radcliffe Drops Out (Update3) Mizuki Noguchi won the women #39;s marathon at the Athens Games, holding off world champion Catherine Ndereba of Kenya to earn Japan the title for the second straight Olympics.	1
Kazaa Trial Won #39;t Fix Music Industry Blues As an Australian court considers whether Kazaa #39;s parent company should be forced to pay damages for the file sharing that goes on over its peer-to-peer (P2P) network, questions persist about 	3
Hi honey, I #39;m virtually home alone Australian mobile telephone users may be able to buy and woo virtual dates this year after the release of a Virtual Girlfriend game for 3G mobile telephones.	3
Malaysia's Anwar Loses Bid to Lift Political Ban  PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia (Reuters) - Malaysian rebel politician  Anwar Ibrahim failed on Wednesday in a final court bid to erase  his criminal record and to immediately rejoin active politics,  leaving a royal pardon as his only way back.	0
Ivorian Pres. to allow reform debate Ivorian President Laurent Gbagbo agreed Saturday to let the national assembly consider a controversial presidential eligibility reform.	0
Columnists: Infected In Twenty Minutes What normally happens within twenty minutes? That's how long your average unprotected PC running Windows XP, fresh out of the box, will last once it's connected to the Internet.	3
Eurozone economy keeps growing Official figures show the 12-nation eurozone economy continues to grow, but there are warnings it may slow down later in the year.	2
The Visual World of Michel Gondry A month ago I was introduced to the works of Michel Gondry.  In short, I was amazed and tantalized by his short films and music videos.  Even if you haven't heard of him, you've probably seen his many works in Gap commercials, various music videos, and the recent movie Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.    Many of his works explode with visual elements that, when taken alone, are simple and mundane.  However, under his masterful guidance, these elements come together to form a highly mesmerizing visual experience.  He never ceases to push visual technologies and challenge our ideas about the visual medium.	3
Players await league counteroffer If Thursday #39;s unprecedented proposal by the NHL Players #39; Association does not form the basis for an agreement with owners to end the lockout, Avalanche captain Joe Sakic said the NHL #39;s intent would become obvious: to break the players #39; union.	1
Iraqi Ministry: Tests Show Captive Is Not Al-Douri 6 September 2004 -- Iraq says that medical tests conducted on a arrested man have proven he is not Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, the highest ranking former Iraqi government official still at large.	0
Surfers Paradise: Shootout Pirtek Racing #39;s Marcos Ambrose won a fiery first race of the Gillette V8 Supercar Challenge at this year #39;s Lexmark Indy 300, clashing heavily with Kmart Racing #39;s young gun Rick Kelly both during and after the race on the Gold Coast today.	1
Sun foresees global pool of computing power com September 21, 2004, 5:30 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.	3
Russia announces plans to sell part of Yukos: report MOSCOW : Russia #39;s justice ministry announced plans to sell a part of the Yukos oil giant to cover the company #39;s outstanding back taxes.	2
Nvidia will supply graphics chip for new PlayStation Nvidia will supply the graphics chip for the successor to the PlayStation 2 games console being developed by Sony Computer Entertainment (SCEI), the companies announced on Tuesday.	3
Microsoft works to block iPod BOFFINS AT the company which prides itself on its security excellence, Microsoft, are working out ways of keeping Apple #39;s iPod users from plugging into networks.	3
A Taste of Yum! Wins the World Over It seems that fast food is in style. Favorites McDonald #39;s (NYSE: MCD) and Wendy #39;s (NYSE: WEN) had already posted positive August sales comps; Yum!	2
Macy #39;s to go nationwide The name Goldsmith #39;s will be disappearing from the retail landscape in January. Federated Department Stores plans to put all of its regional chains under its Macy #39;s brand, completing a transition that began with the other stores sharing the Macy #39;s name.	2
Another slow start, another fast finish for US women South Korea took an early lead, so did the Czech Republic. Hey, even New Zealand had the US women #39;s basketball team down for a while. 	1
NFL Game Summary - Tampa Bay at Washington Landover, MD (Sports Network) - Clinton Portis ran 64 yards for a touchdown the first time he touched the ball and finished with 149 yards rushing on 29 carries to lead the Washington Redskins to a 16-10 victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at FedEx Field 	1
Weather hots up under wind farms Wind farms can change the weather, according to a model of how these forests of giant turbines interact with the local atmosphere.	3
Bush honours controversial trio US President George W Bush awards medals to three men closely involved in the invasion and occupation of Iraq.	0
Juve stretch lead as Roma grab win Juventus stretched their Serie A lead to five points as they battled to a 2-1 win over this season #39;s surprise packages Messina.	1
Amelie killer  #39;may be local #39; The killer of French woman Amelie Delagrange may be a local man with knowledge of the area, police said today. Detectives are examining the possibility based on the advice of an offender profiler who has been called in on the murder hunt.	0
Robinson #39;s class act sweeps snobbery aside at last New England captain Jason Robinson is setting new standards. Sam Wheeler looks at the career of the state-educated Leeds-born former rugby league star Thirty-two years after Clive Sullivan led Great Britain 	1
Space station crew cuts food intake, awaits Christmas resupply WASHINGTON--NASA officials said Thursday the international space station is running so low on food that its two crewmen have had to cut back on their eating and may have 	3
US resists Russian embrace of Kyoto THE US stood firm in rejecting the Kyoto Protocol on global warming yesterday despite renewed pressure to yield after Russia ended years of hesitation by moving to ratify the treaty.	0
Seven Die in Clashes Over Ousted Afghan Governor  HERAT, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Seven supporters of an  ousted Afghan governor were killed and 20 were wounded on  Sunday in clashes with police and U.S. troops after crowds  torched U.N. offices, medics and witnesses said.	0
General Electric Sells 60 of Indian Back-Office Unit G.E.'s sale may set off a trend as other multinational companies move from owning back-office units to outsourcing to independent companies.	2
American League Playoff Game Summary - Minnesota at New York Bronx, NY (Sports Network) - Johan Santana threw seven shutout innings and Jacque Jones homered to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 2-0 victory over New York in the opener of a best-of-five American League Division Series at Yankee Stadium.	1
Latest suitor lines up Liverpool FC Hollywood film executive Mike Jefferies could become the fourth suitor to bid for Liverpool this year. BBC Business News Online looks at the latest courting of one of the world #39;s most famous football clubs and global brands.	1
Thomson to Sell Media Unit to Investcorp for \$350 Mln (Update1) Thomson Corp., owner of the Westlaw legal-research and First Call financial data services, will sell its media unit, which includes the Bond Buyer and American Banker magazines, for \$350 million to buyout firm Investcorp SA.	2
Scientist Stephen Hawking Decries Iraq War (AP) AP - Britain's most famous scientist, Stephen Hawking, condemned the U.S. led invasion of Iraq as a "war crime" and said Tuesday it was based on lies.	3
US retail sales up 0.1 percent in November Retail sales in the United States increased by a modest 0.1 percent in November following a revised gain of 0.8 percent in October, the Commerce Department reported on Monday.	2
Harris leads Michigan past Buffs, into NIT semis Dion Harris was an important cog for Michigan #39;s run to the postseason NIT championship last season. Harris is now doing it again for the Wolverines in their push to become to the first 	1
White among Heisman candidates again New York, NY (Sports Network) - Oklahoma quarterback and last year #39;s Heisman Trophy winner Jason White was once again named as a candidate for college football #39;s most prestigious individual honor.	1
U.S. Gymnasts End Rebuilding With Silver (AP) AP - Twenty years later, the boys are back on the medal stand.	1
Death of Rare Bird Leaves Future Uncertain (AP) AP - One of the rarest birds on Earth came closer to being wiped out  #151; if not already extinct  #151; with the death of one of the last three believed to exist, officials said.	3
Disney Sides With The Blu-ray Disc Assocation The Blu-ray Disc Association (BDA) today announced that The Walt Disney Company will become a member of the Board of Directors of the BDA, and will begin releasing content non-exclusively in the Blu-ray Disc format when Blu-ray hardware launches in North 	3
Turkish Cypriot government quits The Turkish Cypriot minority government resigns after abandoning efforts to forge a new coalition.	0
Bank of Montreal #39;s 3Q Profit Jumps Bank of Montreal shot out of the starting gate Tuesday, reporting that third-quarter earnings jumped 30 percent to Canadian \$654 million - prompting the bank to boost its dividends and full-year outlook.	2
Limited Brands Quarterly Earnings Fall (AP) AP - Fashion retailer Limited Brands Inc.'s third-quarter earnings fell 40 percent because of fewer one-time gains, the company reported Thursday.	2
Spurs appoint Martin Jol LONDON, Nov 8 (SW) - Tottenham Hotspur FC have handed former Roda and RKC Waalwijk coach Martin Jol the first-team managing position, following Jacques Santinis resignation last Friday.	1
Valencia Defeat Leaves Barca Five Points Clear  MADRID (Reuters) - Valencia suffered a 2-1 defeat at home  to nine-man Sevilla Sunday to leave Barcelona five points clear  at the top of the Primera Liga table.	1
AOL Offers Added Security America Online is teaming up with RSA Security in an effort to keep its users safe from online fraud and identity theft. RSA and AOL are announcing a new program called  quot;AOL PassCode quot; that will encourage AOL 	3
Australia #39;s Virgin Blue increases fuel surcharge after oil hikes SYDNEY : Australian airline Virgin Blue announced it was sharply increasing a fuel surcharge imposed in May to compensate for rising world oil prices.	2
Global Fund to Fight Deadly Diseases (AP) AP - A fund set up to help combat three of the world's most widespread diseases will support another round of projects, organizers said Thursday, after the United States dropped its objections to financing provisions.	0
Is Meyer the man to get Irish up? The timing of Notre Dame #39;s firing of Tyrone Willingham makes no sense . . . unless the board of trustees had a replacement not only in mind, but in hand.	1
Heavy Rains Wash Out Mets-Rockies Game (AP) AP - Heavy rains washed out Wednesday night's game between the New York Mets and the Colorado Rockies before it ever started.	1
Sprint, SBC in Wi-Fi Deal Sprint and SBC Communications have reached an agreement under which their Wi-Fi customers will be able to use both companies #39; wireless hot spots.	3
Harmony cagey about its war chest for Gold Fields Harmony, the listed gold miner, has not put a final figure on how much it will have to spend on its hostile bid for local rival Gold Fields.	2
South Africa Ends Phelps Medal Quest  ATHENS (Reuters) - South Africa ruined Michael Phelps's  dream of winning a record eight gold medals at the Athens  Olympics with a stunning victory in the men's 4x100 meters  freestyle final on Sunday.	1
U.S. Stocks Open Lower as Oil Looms  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened lower on Monday as  oil prices climbed higher, while a thinly staffed Wall Street  awaited Friday's jobs figures and remained wary with the  Republican National Convention getting underway in New York  City amid heightened security concerns.	2
Spotless Singapore cracks down after dengue outbreak (AFP) AFP - Singapore homeowners found with mosquitoes breeding on their premises will be fined instantly after dengue fever cases hit a 10-year high in the city-state better known for its spotless streets.	0
Tabbed windows make Safari vulnerable - Secunia A security firm has warned of a vulnerability in Safari that allows hackers to hijack confidential data entered into Web sites. Secunia says the flaws affect Safari, Mozilla and Firefox, Opera 	3
Sharon Demands Syria Curb Militants Before Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon\rejected reported peace overtures by Syria on Wednesday, saying\it had to crack down on Islamic militant groups under its\control before negotiations that stalled in 2000 could resume.	0
Lara expected to play the final West Indies captain Brian Lara, who had to retire hurt in the semifinal against Pakistan on Wednesday, has not suffered a serious injury.	1
Suit claims Microsoft hurt Novell Days after collecting a \$536 million antitrust settlement from Microsoft Corp., Novell returned to court Friday to claim the technology giant used its market dominance to shut out WordPerfect and other software in the mid-1990s.	2
NAT roundup: San Francisco watches Los Angeles celebrate after &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (CP) - It was painful for San Francisco to watch Los Angeles celebrate its division title win on Saturday. With a win of their own and some help on Sunday, the Giants can take their turn wooping it up.	1
Tyson Arrested in Arizona  SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. (Sports Network) - Former heavyweight  champion Mike Tyson was arrested after allegedly jumping on the  hood of a car outside a nightclub.	1
Reid gets four-year extension through 2010 Andy Reid received a four-year contract extension from the Philadelphia Eagles on Wednesday that will take him through the 2010 season.	1
AMD posts profit over loss in Q3 Reported profit of \$44 million for third quarter over a loss of \$31 million a year ago and predicts 10 increase in sales for the 4th quarter.	2
China #39;s GDP to grow 9 percent: state commission China #39;s economy was expected to grow by about nine percent this year, a senior official with the State Development and Reform Commission was quoted as saying by the Beijing News on Saturday.	2
Intel upclocks Pentium M Intel is shipping a new mobile processor built on 90nm process technology that clocks up to 2.1GHz. The Pentium M 765 includes 2MB of integrated L2 cache and a  quot;power optimized quot; 400MHz system bus and enhanced  quot;Speedstep quot; power saving technology.	3
Bush Makes First Official Visit to Canada President Bush is on his way to Canada for a two-day trip that will mark his first official visit to America #39;s northern neighbor.	0
Error of Judgment The FBI alleges that a veteran U.S. diplomat met with agents from Taiwan. What were they up to? \	0
Inside Dell's manufacturing mecca For manufacturing fanatics, a tour of Dell's facility is sort of like visiting Stonehenge. Here's where direct fulfillment took flight.	3
White House Expects Steady Economic Growth (AP) AP - The Bush administration released a new economic forecast for 2005 in which it boosted growth forecasts slightly from a year ago but cut back sharply on its estimates of new jobs.	0
Mountaineers prepared to lead the new-look Big East The Mountaineers open the season in The Associated Press top 10 for the first time in school history. There are great expectations in Morgantown these days.	1
Is Sirius a Rule Breaker? It #39;s like nails on a chalkboard. It #39;s like housing a headache before jumping on a jackhammer. Wondering if lowly Sirius Satellite Radio (Nasdaq: SIRI) is about to change the world hurts.	2
After Accord, Sudan Camp Raided Just hours after the government agreed to a peace deal Tuesday aimed at ending violence in Darfur, Sudanese police arrived at this battered camp in the middle of the night, beating residents with wooden poles, bulldozing and burning shelters and firing tear gas into a health clinic, residents and aid workers reported.	0
New claim on location of Atlantis US researchers claim to have found evidence locating the lost kingdom of Atlantis off the coast of Cyprus.	0
Nikkei Opens Higher on Lower Oil Prices (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei average edged up 0.29\percent at the opening on Tuesday, with a second day of falls\in oil prices easing fears about the global economy and\prompting buying in exporters such as Sony Corp.	2
SpaceShipOne set to take X-Prize The rocket plane SpaceShipOne is just one flight away from claiming the \$10m Ansari X-Prize.	3
UN warns Africa of bleak future, telling it to brace for AIDS time bomb (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - ADDIS ABABA, Ethiopia (AP) - Africa must brace itself for an AIDS time bomb as 8,000 people are infected with HIV a day in the region worst hit by the pandemic, the United Nations warned Thursday.	0
Oracle 1Q Earnings Rise 16 Percent Business software giant Oracle Corp. said Tuesday that first-quarter earnings rose 16 percent driven by new database license sales that rose 19 percent.	2
Explosion Kills 7 at US Firm in Kabul KABUL, Afghanistan Aug. 29, 2004 - An explosion tore through the office of an American security contractor in the heart of the Afghan capital Sunday, killing seven people, including two Americans, officials and witnesses said.	0
US 30-,15-yr mortgage rates lowest since early Apr Interest rates on US 30-year and 15-year mortgages fell to their lowest levels since early April, spurring more consumers to purchase their own homes, mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said on Thursday.	2
Doubleheader trimmed to one game The New York Yankees and the Tampa Bay Devil Rays were to play only one game of their scheduled doubleheader Monday. The first game was postponed because Tampa Bay was delayed leaving Florida because of Hurricane Frances.	1
Fighting resumes in DRC Kanyabayongo - Fighting between the regular army of the Democratic Republic of Congo and armed men resumed early on Wednesday near the eastern town of Kanyabayonga, an AFP journalist reported, while UN officials in the capital Kinshasa reported an 	0
Gunmen Seize Three British Citizens in Baghdad Gunmen snatched three British citizens, believed to be civilians, from a house in central Baghdad early on Thursday, Iraq #39;s Interior Ministry said.	0
US Open WCQ with Trinidad The United States will open its bid to qualify for its fifth consecutive World Cup finals in Trinidad  amp; Tobago on Feb. 9 as the final round draw for 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifying was announced this morning from FIFA House in Zurich, Switzerland.	1
Raptors Down Blazers, Improve to 3-0 (AP) AP - Vince Carter had 25 points, including a go-ahead 3-pointer with 4.8 seconds left, to help the Toronto Raptors improve to 3-0 with a 101-97 victory over the Portland Trail Blazers on Sunday. Carter scored nine points in the final 4:28, including the fadeaway 3-pointer that gave Toronto the lead for good.	1
Report: Consumers tuning in to plasma TVs First-quarter shipments of plasma televisions in the United States more than doubled from the previous year, according to research firm iSuppli.	3
IBM Puts Spotlight On Entry-Level Linux Servers A virtualization option will be available for the systems, which are based on 1.5- or 1.6-GHz Power5 processors. By Darrell Dunn. IBM on Monday introduced a new line of Linux servers intended to compete with 	2
A little tweaking could do great things for the US Open Cup I was among the handful of media and announced crowd of 8,819 at Arrowhead Stadium on Wednesday night for the Championship Match of the Lamar Hunt US Open Cup.	1
Greek sprinter Kenteris quits Games ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Olympic 200 metres champion Costas Kenteris and his fellow Greek Olympic silver medallist Katerina Thanou say they are withdrawing from the Athens Games. 	1
EU ruling on Santander #39;s Abbey bid due next week The European Commission first expects to make a decision next week on competition issues raised by the bid from Spain #39;s Santander Central Hispano for Abbey National, a spokeswoman says.	2
Ecosse: Big game hunter It started with optimism, even innocence. One minute we were guiding cute suicidal lemmings down the path to nemesis. The next, thanks to hurtling technological advances, we were cruising the  #39;hood in a stolen 	3
Anderson lifts UMass Matt Anderson scored three goals, including two in the third period to help overcome a 4-3 deficit, as the University of Massachusetts defeated Clarkson, 6-4, last night in its opener in Amherst.	1
Huge deal swallows International Steel Group The  quot;bigger is better quot; mind-set dominating the steel industry reached new heights yesterday when billionaire baron Lakshmi Mittal said he #39;ll create the world #39;s largest 	2
Five Across introduces server, adds RSS to IM client Five Acrosshas upgraded its workgroup instant messaging client by adding RSS support and developed its first workgroup instant messaging server, the Palo Alto, California company plans to announce Wednesday.	3
Gunmen Kidnap Two Americans, Briton in Baghdad  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Gunmen snatched two Americans and a  Briton from a house in an affluent neighborhood of central  Baghdad on Thursday, the latest in a nearly six-month campaign  of abductions of foreigners in Iraq.	0
Cerberus to Buy LNR for  #36;1.9 Billion (Reuters) Reuters - Private investor Cerberus Capital\Management LP has agreed to buy real estate investment and\management company LNR Property Corp. (LNR.N) for  #36;1.92 billion\in cash.	2
Vaccine makes war on sperm-making protein A contraceptive vaccine for men that temporarily blocks male fertility has come a step closer with a study showing it is possible to inoculate monkeys against their own sperm.	3
Chiefs' Offense on a Roll Again (AP) AP - Crowd the line of scrimmage to stop the Pro Bowl running back, and the star quarterback finds the Pro Bowl tight end.	1
Mass. home sales fall 5.3 Offering evidence of a possible shift in the housing market, the Massachusetts Association of Realtors reported yesterday that sales of single-family homes fell for the third straight month in October and that the number of homes and condos on the market is up 7.6 percent from a year ago.	2
Colts' Jefferson Ready for First Action (AP) AP - Joseph Jefferson's right knee might never be completely healthy. He can't worry about it now.	1
JFK Shooting Game Branded  #39;Despicable #39; The family of John F Kennedy has blasted a video game that reconstructs the scene of his assassination. Monday is the 41st anniversary of the event.	3
Dexia Says It #39;s in Talks With Italy #39;s Sanpaolo IMI (Update3) Dexia SA, Belgium #39;s second-largest financial-services company, is in discussions about a potential partnership with Sanpaolo IMI SpA, Italy #39;s No.	2
Retailers Post Disappointing Nov. Sales (AP) AP - The nation's retailers had a disappointing start to the holiday season, reporting sluggish sales for November as a much hoped-for surge in Thanksgiving weekend business failed to materialize.	2
No sign season will get started During the NHL work stoppage in 1994, Doug Wilson worked for the players #39; association and was intimately involved in the process of getting a new deal.	1
Grand Canyon torrent begins GRAND CANYON NATIONAL PARK - Scientists flooded the Grand Canyon yesterday to restore beaches and save fish and plants that have been disappearing since sediment-free water began flowing from a dam 40 years ago.	3
First Reserve to Buy Ingersoll-Rand Unit for \$1.2 Bln (Update1) First Reserve Corp., the largest private buyout firm specializing in energy-industry investments, agreed to buy a unit from Ingersoll-Rand Co.	2
Judge refuses lower Jackson bail A judge in the Michael Jackson child molestation case refuses to reduce the singer's \$3m (1.67m) bail.	0
Software maker targets remote access market Among new products from 3am Labs is a free tool for accessing a PC via any device with a browser.	3
Skype readies business telephone offering Skype plans to offer a business telephone service for  quot;individuals and workgroups, not CIOs quot; that the free Internet phone service provider believes will shake-up another major telephone market.	3
Prosecutors Set to Wrap Up Peterson Case REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - As they prepare to wrap up their murder case against Scott Peterson in the death of his pregnant wife Laci, even prosecutors have acknowledged their case has at times left jurors scratching their heads...	0
Gold Fields Welcomes Decision by South African High Court JOHANNESBURG, South Africa, December 6 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Board of Directors of Gold Fields Limited (NYSE:GFI)(NYSE:and)(NYSE:JSE:)(NYSE:GFI) welcomes today #39;s decision by the High Court of South Africa in respect of its ability to vote ordinary 	2
Meyer Begins New Era in Florida Football (AP) AP - Urban Meyer's eyes widened as he looked around Ben Hill Griffin Stadium. He saw references to the school's six Southeastern Conference titles, two Heisman Trophy winners and the 1996 national championship. It wasn't his first trip to The Swamp, but it sure felt different. This was home now.	1
Blast in Baghdad Rebel District Kills at Least 47 (Reuters) Reuters - A huge explosion tore through a crowded\market close to the west Baghdad police headquarters on\Tuesday, killing at least 47 people in the deadliest single\attack in the capital in six months.	0
China Mobile Suspends Sohu for Spamming Customers (Reuters) Reuters - Chinese Internet company Sohu.com\(SOHU.O) on Friday said China Mobile (CHL.N) had suspended Sohu\as a supplier of mobile phone picture services for one year for\unsolicited marketing to some customers.	3
North Korea sets conditions on talks  SEOUL -- North Korea set three conditions yesterday to be met before it would consider returning to six-party talks on its nuclear programs.	0
Crude price fall continues OIL prices eased further below \$50 a barrel yesterday, extending a week-long bout of profit-taking that has cut more than \$5 from record-high crude ahead of the US presidential election.	2
Feds Take On  #39;Spamford #39; Wallace In Spyware Case With Congress considering new legislation to increase penalties against spyware companies that install programs on people #39;s computers without their knowledge, the Federal Trade Commission last week filed a complaint against Sanford Wallace, the New 	3
Natural Sunblock: Sun Dims in Strange Ways (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - When Venus crossed the Sun June 8, showing up as a clear black dot to the delight of millions of skywatchers around the world, astronomers noted something less obvious: The amount of sunlight reaching Earth dipped by 0.1 percent for a few hours.	3
New attack on Afghan leadership There has been more violence in Afghanistan where one of the country #39;s vice presidents has narrowly avoided assassination. Attacks are escalating as Afghanistan prepares 	0
Israeli FM minister heads to Paris to discuss Jewish attacks JERUSALEM, Aug 24 (AFP) - An Israeli cabinet minister hailed the French government #39;s stance on anti-Semitism Tuesday as Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom headed to Paris for talks on a growing spate of attacks on Europe #39;s largest Jewish community.	0
British Airways cancels additional flights LONDON, August 27 (New Ratings) - British Airways (BAI1.FSE) announced its plans today to cancel 24 additional flights in the next few days.	0
Lithuanian PM for coalition without Labor party VILNIUS, October 25 (Itar-Tass) -- Lithuanian Prime Minister Algirdas Brazauskas said he will be looking for a new coalition in the new parliament but made it clear that any coalition with the Labor Party, led by Russian-born businessman Viktor Uspaskich 	0
Wi-Fi Alliance to Announce Interim Multimedia Spec Next week, the Wi-Fi Alliance will release Wi-Fi Multimedia, or WMM, an interim standard that will provide early quality-of-service functionality for multimedia equipment based on the emerging 802.	3
IBM Adds To Its Blade Servers IBM on Friday expanded its blade-server portfolio with six new systems, new options for attached-disk drives, and improved power management.	3
Vick, Falcons thrown to the Lions For all the highlights he #39;s provided in a 33-game career, Michael Vick reminded the Atlanta Falcons that he can lay an occasional egg, too.	1
Menchov wins fifth stage; Manuel Beltran takes lead at the Spanish &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Denis Menchov of Russia won the fifth stage of the Spanish Vuelta on Wednesday, while Manuel Beltran of the US Postal Service took the overall lead from teammate Benoit Joachim.	1
Rice's Car Crashes Adrian Fernandez wins the Delphi Indy 300, but is overshadowed by a crash that sent Buddy Rice's car skidding upside down along the track.	1
Europe sues users over file sharing The international record industry announced Thursday that it is planning to file lawsuits against individuals who are sharing files, especially music, over the Internet.	3
Agassi Overcomes Verdasco Power  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Andre Agassi marched into the  Stockholm Open semifinals Friday, beating Spanish eighth seed  Fernando Verdasco 7-6, 6-2 in his hardest match of the  tournament.	1
Then get more stuff for free  Construction manager Kimball Diamond often works thousands of miles from his Burlingame, Calif., office. So he didn't mind paying \$19.95 a month for a service that let him remotely control his office computer over the Internet.	2
US blogger fired by her airline The US airline attendant suspended over postings on her blog, or online diary, has been fired by her employers.	3
Dollar Struggles to Extend Recovery (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar struggled on Tuesday to extend\its recovery against the euro from a record low hit last week,\as the market eyed a deeper decline in the U.S. currency in the\near-term.  The unexpectedly quick rebound in the dollar\against the euro at the start of 2005 caught some traders off\guard and left the market cautious about selling the U.S.\currency.	2
Climate change 'ruining' Everest The world's highest peak should put on a UN danger list to force action on global warming, campaigners say.	3
Microsoft to set up R amp;D unit in Bangalore Microsoft Corporation is further expanding its presence in India with plans to open a research centre in Bangalore. The latest Microsoft research campus will open in January 2005, the Redmond, Washington-based software giant said.	2
Jupiter Research: iPod/iTunes Combo an Advantage for Apple The Guardian (UK) has published an article looking at the battle between Apple and everyone else in the online music download business.	3
Microsoft Adds Voice, Video to IM Client BOSTONMicrosoft Corp. announced Tuesday an early beta of a new rich client for its Live Communications Server product designed to unite instant messaging with telephony and video, and to embed such technologies in other applications.	3
ATA Midway gates at center of battle The bidding war between AirTran Airways and Southwest Airlines over bankrupt ATA #39;s Midway business continued Tuesday, revealing a new, competitive world for low-cost carriers.	2
Singh leads Tiger at Deutsch, eyes No. 1 NORTON, Mass. - Vijay Singh is leading Tiger Woods by two strokes after six holes in the final round of the Deutsche Bank Championship on Monday.	1
Biomira Shares Skyrocket on Promising Data Shares of biotech company Biomira Inc. soared as it and a development partner, German drug maker Merck KGaA, reported Friday that the median survival in a study involving a lung cancer vaccine has yet to be reached after 23 months in a subset of patients.	2
Kazakhstan Coal Mine Blast Kills 23  ALMATY (Reuters) - A powerful blast ripped through a coal  mine in Kazakhstan on Sunday, killing 23 people, a spokesman  for the Central Asian state's emergencies agency said.	0
Former UConn Aide Pleads in Sex Case (AP) AP - The Connecticut assistant men's basketball coach who resigned after being arrested in a prostitution sting agreed Monday to perform 10 days of community service and undergo counseling.	1
Naming Mount St. Helens New Dome Confusing (AP) AP - A dome by any other name would erupt so strong. But, alas, what's in a name might have tormented Shakespeare as it has even the most savvy of scientists.	3
Debate Lingering on Decision to Dissolve the Iraqi Military The U.S.-led occupation authority's disbanding of the Iraqi Army over a year ago casts a shadow over the occupation.	0
Coughlin to meet with Green New York Giants coach Tom Coughlin wants to talk with Barrett Green before discussing the status of the benched linebacker for this week #39;s game with Minnesota.	1
British scientists oppose clone ban British scientists were backing Sunday a campaign to stop the United States from creating a worldwide ban on all types of human cloning.	3
Yikes! I have to plan an IT project After covering technology for two decades, Computerworld's Sharon Machlis gets a taste of life on the IT side of the house when she joins a committee designing and selecting software for a content management upgrade.	3
REVIEW: Music Player Measures Running Pace (AP) AP - It's been a few decades since anyone recorded my mile splits as I bounded over hill and dale, immersed in running's intoxicating rhythm.	3
Car bombers target Iraqi police; 16 killed Military #39;s approach comes under fire from UN representative, who questions wisdom of the push for an early election. By Sameer N. Yacoub.	0
M S in talks to offload website Marks   Spencer is poised to farm out its online retail business and is talking to a number of interested parties, the High Street retailer says.	2
Passenger Leaves Hijacked Greek Bus  ATHENS (Reuters) - A passenger was seen leaving a hijacked  Greek bus Wednesday five hours after two foreign gunmen seized  the vehicle carrying 26 passenger in an Athens suburb, a  Reuters correspondent at the scene said.	0
Tapes reveal more from Princess Diana Princess Diana continues to fascinate her fans around the world even seven years after her tragic death. In an NBC News exclusive, for the first time, revealing new tapes are coming to light.	0
Clinton: Ex-President Inaugurates China-Backed Internet Search &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Former President Bill Clinton helped launch a new Internet search firm that claims better results for its engine than Google (nasdaq: GOOG - news - people ). The firm is called Accoona, from the Swahili phrase 	2
Strike shuts Bangladesh DHAKA: Bangladesh was brought to a standstill yesterday by the fourth general strike in a week called by the opposition. Security was tightened for the shutdown called by the Awami League, which coincided 	0
lab fires analyst over falsified tests Orchid Cellmark, a Montgomery County-based laboratory that has analyzed DNA for such high-profile cases as the OJ Simpson trial and the JonBenet Ramsey murder, has fired an analyst for allegedly 	3
Cybersecurity Chief Takes a Hike The director of Homeland Security's National Cyber Security Division quits, giving one day's notice. His resignation comes during a push by the tech industry and several lawmakers to make cybersecurity a higher priority.	3
A clashing combination David Ortiz, still champagne-scented, was watching Saturday's decisive playoff game between the Yankees and Twins with a friend. Up stepped Ruben Sierra, who'd been 1 for 20 in the series, to clock a three-run homer and tie the game in the eighth.  quot;Here they come, quot; the Red Sox slugger said. Did anyone from Eastport to Block Island expect anything else?	1
BASEBALL ROUNDUP Frank Thomas Has Ankle Surgery and Prepares for a &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; By The Associated Press. Frank Thomas, who played in only 74 games with the Chicago White Sox this season, had surgery yesterday on his left ankle and might not be ready for spring training.	1
Memory boost for Nokia phones by  #39;05 &lt;a href="http://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcontent/dws/bus/stories/110304dnbusnokia.a233e.html"&gt;Nokia plans wave of camera phones&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;Dallas Morning News (subscription)&lt;/nobr&gt;	3
Japan Raises Defenses on Signs North Korea Plans Missile Test Japan sent two destroyers and a surveillance airplane to the Sea of Japan on Thursday, American and Japanese government officials said, after the United States and Japan detected 	0
Yahoo battles Google for the cell phone SAN FRANCISCO--Yahoo added a search feature for cell phones Tuesday, just a few weeks after rival Google launched one of its own. While Google SMS (Short Message Service) uses text-only messages to deliver 	3
Boxing: Khan will keep feet on ground TEENAGE boxing sensation Amir Khan punched is way to an Olympic silver medal yesterday - then worried about his homework and passing his driving test.	1
Sun posts \$174 million loss for the quarter SAN FRANCISCO - With \$190 million in charges on its balance sheet related to restructuring and its recent patent lawsuit settlement with Eastman Kodak Co., Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday posted a net loss of \$174 million for its the first quarter of its fiscal 2005 year, which ended September 26.	3
Real-Time, Automated, Contextual Online Advertising com. At Interactive Advertising World in New York City on Monday, ContextWeb Inc. announced the launch of ContextAd, a fully automated, real-time contextual advertising solution.	3
Republicans Accuse Moore of Vote Bribery LANSING, Mich. - Republicans say filmmaker Michael Moore should be prosecuted for offering underwear, potato chips and Ramen noodles to college students in exchange for their promise to vote...	0
Car bomb explodes in north Iraq Two people die in a car bombing apparently targeting a provincial official in the Iraqi town of Baquba.	0
Heart Tissue Is Grown From Rat Cells CAMBRIDGE Dec 14, 2004 - Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have used rat cells to grow dime-sized swatches of heart tissue that twitch like a beating heart when an electrical current passes through.	3
East Timor gas talks to end soon Australia hoped to finalise negotiations with East Timor over oil and gas reserves by the end of the year, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said.	0
Back-to-school fears cloud Intel report SAN FRANCISCO: Intel upcoming mid-quarter report will be closely watched for signs of weak back-to-school computer sales, though recent market share gains in memory chips could help offset any softness in computer microprocessor demand.	3
Ask Jeeves to unveil desktop search tool Ask Jeeveswill launch a test version of its desktop search tool on Wednesday, following the launch of similar tools by rivals Microsofton Monday and Google in October, and ahead of expected entries from America Online(AOL) and Yahoo.	3
Ukraine MPs reject election bill Ukrainian MPs fail to adopt election law changes the opposition says are needed to avert fraud in a new run-off.	0
Microsoft ends free Hotmail access from Outlook Hotmail users who use Microsoft #39;s Outlook and Outlook Express clients will now have to pay for the privilege. Users must sign up to either a Hotmail Plus account for \$19.	3
Wisconsin State Journal Someday, we may see Wednesday as being one of the most important dates in the history of aviation. The flight of  quot;SpaceShipOne, quot; however, seemed almost routine - at least until one thought about how miraculous it was.	3
Scotland basks in sharks A survey of waters around the UK sees Scotland emerge as the top spot for basking shark sightings.	3
IBM #39;s Big Blue back on top as world #39;s fastest computer IBM #39;S Big Blue has helped the US reclaim the title of the world #39;s fastest supercomputer for the first time in three years.	3
Wal-Mart will let Chinese union in SHANGHAI, CHINA - Under pressure from the Chinese labor federation, the world #39;s biggest retailer, Wal-Mart Stores, said Tuesday it would permit branches of the official Communist Party-controlled union in its Chinese stores if employees requested it.	2
Libya Seems Honest About Nuke Program -- UN Report (Reuters) Reuters - The U.N. nuclear watchdog said\in a confidential report circulated Monday that Libya appears\to have been telling the truth in its declarations on the\covert atomic weapons program that it agreed in December to\abandon.	0
Siemens Snaps up Chantry Siemens (Quote, Chart) will acquire wireless LAN technology player Chantry Networks to fill out its HiPath lineup, executives said Thursday.	3
Bettis helps Pittsburgh #39;s streak hit 9 Antwaan Randle El, making his second NFL start at receiver, took care of the big plays and Jerome Bettis (Detroit Mackenzie) handled the short yardage in his fourth consecutive 100-yard game to lead the Steelers past Washington, 16-7, Sunday.	1
NCAA graduation-rate study Michigan, Michigan State and Western Michigan have the highest graduation rates for athletes among the state #39;s seven NCAA Division I schools, an NCAA report showed Monday.	1
Al-Jazeera says it has video of woman #39;s slaying Al-Jazeera television says a video it #39;s received shows a woman being shot in the head. The woman is believed to be Margaret Hassan, an aid worker kidnapped last month in Iraq.	0
Apple Power Mac G5 Last year, only the highest-end Power Macs were dual-processor. Now, all Power Macs are, including the entry-level 1.8-GHz model. The 2.5-GHz G5 processors use a new heat-pipe system 	3
Mine blast: Death toll rises Beijing - The death toll in a gas explosion in a Chinese coal mine rose to 66 on Friday with 82 still missing, the government said, as another 41 miners were reported killed or missing in two other accidents.	0
Tightening the grip on message security Prompted by government regulations, endless spam, and increasingly potent e-mail viruses, many enterprises are looking to tighten the cinch around messaging security.	3
Employers try shifting health costs Michael Koonce, who heads the legal department at Boston mutual fund manager Evergreen Investments, doesn't have a clue how much is deducted from his hefty paychecks for his family's health plan. And when the deductions go up, he said, it's  quot;not going to break the bank for me. quot;	2
Cavs place Scott Williams on injured list Cleveland, OH (Sports Network) - The Cleveland Cavaliers placed forward/center Scott Williams on the injured list with patella tendinitis in his left knee.	1
Euro Disney Strikes Restructuring Deal Euro Disney SCA said Tuesday its lenders have agreed unanimously to extend a debt plan designed to keep the troubled theme park operator afloat.	2
Intel Raises Quarterly Revenue Target  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Intel Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt;, the largest  maker of microchips, on Thursday raised its quarterly revenue  outlook, citing strong worldwide demand for its  microprocessors, and its shares jumped more than 7 percent in  after-hours trading.	2
Pimco affiliates to pay \$50 million amid fraud charges SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- Three US-based mutual-fund units of German insurance giant Allianz will pay \$50 million to settle allegations that they defrauded investors in a market-timing scheme, regulators said Monday.	2
The idea of Pakistan I was present at the Pakistan National Assembly session in Islamabad when the bill authorising President Pervez Musharraf to retain his uniform was introduced in the House.	0
Dokic Dumped Out of China Open in First Round  BEIJING (Reuters) - Jelena Dokic ran true to the miserable  form she has shown this season, falling 6-3, 6-0 to Thailand's  Tamarine Tanasugarn in the first round of the China Open on  Tuesday.	1
Thailand Drops Millions of Paper Doves on Muslim Provinces Thai military and civilian aircraft rained 120 million paper doves down on Muslim southern provinces in a goodwill gesture, as Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra tries to ease violence that has killed 400 people.	0
Asia Tech Stocks Weak, Dollar Firm (Reuters) Reuters - Weak tech stocks dragged Asian shares\lower on Thursday, outweighing the positive impact on exporters\of a dollar rebound, and knocking 1.2 percent off Tokyo shares\to threaten the biggest one-day fall since Nov. 22.	2
In Crocodile Evolution, the Bite Came Before the Body A new fossil find suggests that the crocodile's crushing jaws evolved on dry land #151;and long before its water-friendly body.	3
Blood, knives, cage hint at atrocities (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - Acting on information from a man who claimed to have escaped from militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's network, the U.S. military over the weekend inspected a house where intelligence officers believe hostages were detained, tortured and possibly killed.	0
British Airport Owner TBI OKs Takeover British airport operator TBI PLC said Wednesday it has agreed to a takeover by Spanish transport and communications company Abertis and Spain #39;s national airport authority Aena.	2
USDA Confirms Coybean Rust in United States The US Department of Agriculture #39;s Animal and Plant Inspection Service on Wednesday confirmed the presence of soybean rust on a soybean leaf samples taken from two plots associated with a Louisiana State University research farm Nov. 6.	2
DreamWorks Animation turns around in 3rd quarter LOS ANGELES: Animated film studio DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc reported on Wednesday a profit from a year-earlier loss in its first earnings period since the company went public in October.	2
Utilities Funds Soar. But Are They Oil-Powered? Utilities mutual funds are on a tear, but investors shouldn't expect a repeat performance next year.	2
HP and Hitachi offer 300GB disk drives Hitachi Global Storage Technologies and Hewlett Packard yesterday announced availability of what they claim are the industry #39;s first storage and server systems offering 300GB Fibre Channel and small computer system interface (SCSI) disk drive capacity.	3
LuaLua stifles Anfield cheers STEVEN GERRARD stood and watched in disbelief, his hands on his hips, as his Liverpool team-mates contrived to undermine his latest rescue act by conceding an inexplicable 	1
Dime smack: LeBron looking more like MJ We had the League Pass surf going on at a ridiculous pace last night. Add a little Tivo into the mix and we covered just about everything.	1
Hi-tech phones sent TV channels Digital television channels are to be transmitted straight to hi-tech mobile telephones in a UK first.	3
ATA says its not leaving Midway Airport INDIANAPOLIS ATA Airlines is denying reports that it wants to sell its gates at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport. The Indianapolis-based airline released a brief statement from chairman J-George Mikelsons, saying 	2
Pakistan Raids Terror Hideout; 4 Killed (AP) AP - Pakistani troops acting on a tip raided a terrorist hideout Monday in a remote tribal region, sparking a shootout that left four foreigners dead and several wounded, an army spokesman said.	0
11 Palestinians killed in Israeli operations in the West Bank At least four Palestinians were killed in a raid carried out by the Israeli occupation forces yesterday against Jenin city in the West Bank, according to medical and security sources.	0
Iraq War Foes Focus on Alternative Agenda to Bush (Reuters) Reuters - On the eve of President Bush's\address to the United Nations, domestic and foreign critics of\his Iraq war policy focused on a radically different\international agenda on Monday.	0
Charlotte trumps field with 9.7 percent chance NEW YORK -- The Charlotte Sting, who just missed the playoffs last season, won the WNBA draft lottery on Wednesday night. After finishing just two games under .500, the Sting will have the first pick in the WNBA draft in April 2005.	1
Seahawks #39; Robinson hit with four-game suspension Seattle receiver Koren Robinson was suspended without pay Monday for the next four games for violating the NFL #39;s substance-abuse policy.	1
Stocks Fall After China Raises Rates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell on Thursday morning  after China's central bank said it was raising interest rates  for the first time in nine years, fueling concerns that global  economic growth may slow.	2
Accused Air India bomber is a victim of lies: defense lawyers (AFP) AFP - A key prosecution witness is lying when he implicated one of the Sikh men charged with the mid-air bombing of an Air India plane that killed 329 people in 1985, the defense team argued in the closing arguments of the case.	0
Victims of Argentine school shooting mourned Hundreds of mourners marched in a funeral procession Wednesday for two teenage victims of Argentina #39;s worst school shooting on record, a day after a fellow student #39;s classroom rampage.	0
Gene tops first day of Barcelona test Marc Gene put in a good performance on his first day of testing with his new Ferrari team, setting the pace at Barcelona, Spain. Gene, who has spent the past four years testing for rival BMW-Williams, posted a top lap of 1:15.662 in the F2004.	1
Coleman, Holmes play role reversal Free safety Marcus Coleman expected to be chasing All-Pro running back Priest Holmes around on the field Sunday. Coleman returned an interception a franchise-record 102 	1
Iraq: Italian Hostages Released ROME (CBS) The Arab television network Al-Jazeera announced that two Italian hostages were released Tuesday in Iraq. Italian news reports said Premier Silvio Berlusconi has confirmed the release.	0
Death toll in Darfur region of Sudan could reach 300,000, U.S. official says (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - GENEVA (AP) - The mounting death toll in Sudan's conflict-ravaged Darfur region could rise six-fold by the end of the year, hitting 300,000, a senior U.S. aid official said Monday.	0
Afghan group makes demands for hostages KABUL Militants holding three foreign United Nations staff members in Afghanistan released a video Sunday of their hostages and said they would be killed if demands for release of prisoners and withdrawal of foreign troops were not met by noon Wednesday.	0
Wal-Mart Tries to Shine Its Image by Supporting Public Broadcasting Wal-Mart, stung by criticism of its business tactics, is working to improve its image by supporting public broadcasting.	2
Suspend Hardie payouts: Carr THERE were grounds to suspend multi-million dollar payouts to departing James Hardie executives, NSW Premier Bob Carr said today. Mr Carr also urged Hugh Morgan, president of the Business Council of Australia 	2
Jimenez two clear in Hong Kong Hong Kong (Sports Network) - Miguel Angel Jimenez fired a six-under 64 Friday to surge into the lead after the second round of the Omega Hong Kong Open.	1
India PM's Kashmir Trip Holds Out a Glimmer of Hope (Reuters) Reuters - India's prime minister, visiting\Kashmir for the first time since he took office in May, could\make more moves to reduce tensions in the disputed region after\ordering an unprecedented cut in troops posted there.	0
UPDATE 1-Amazing Adriano fires Inter to victory Brazilian Adriano scored two wonderful goals as Inter Milan beat Udinese 3-1 in Serie A on Sunday while a superb Andrea Pirlo strike gave AC Milan a 1-0 win at Cagliari.	1
Jeanne Damages NASA Shuttle Building (AP) AP - The third hurricane to hit NASA's spaceport in just over a month blew out more panels and left more gaping holes in the massive shuttle assembly building, but overall damage was not as severe as feared, a space agency official said Sunday.	3
Vikings WR Moss to Miss Monday's Game  EDEN PRARIE, Minnesota (Sports Network) - Minnesota Vikings  wide receiver Randy Moss will not play for the first time in  his NFL career on Monday night with a slight tear in his right  hamstring.	1
Voting along party lines Election time is an apt occasion for reflecting on what politicians refer to as your core values, and I hope to make that phrase meaningful for perhaps the first time. Four years turns out to be a pretty good cycle for such examinations, even beyond the political realm.	2
Google IPO Auction to End Tonight Google IPO Auction to End Tonight\\Google has requested that the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) declare the Google IPO registration statement effective at 4:00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on Tuesday, according to the Google IPO page: www.ipo.google.com. After an IPO registration statement is declared effective, the stock can be ...	3
E-Mail-Authentication Problems Spawn New Apps While America Online, Microsoft, and the open-source community agree to disagree about E-mail-authentication standards, some companies are stepping up to bridge the divide.	3
Crude prices cross \$49 per barrel Crude oil futures edged up toward \$50 a barrel today amid renewed fears over winter supplies. Light sweet crude for delivery in January traded at \$49.49 a barrel at midday in Europe, up 60 cents from the contract #39;s 	2
Pakistan wants respect to Kashmiri leaderships desire to hold &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD : Pakistan said on Monday that Kashmiri leaderships desire to hold talks with Islamabad should be respected. Pakistan said on Monday that Kashmiri leaderships desire to hold talks with Islamabad should be respected.	0
Bush Defends Iraq Invasion Despite Report WASHINGTON - President Bush and his vice president conceded Thursday in the clearest terms yet that Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction, even as they tried to shift the Iraq war debate to a new issue - whether the invasion was justified because Saddam was abusing a U.N. oil-for-food program...	0
PSV #39;s Hesselink suffers shoulder injury Eindhoven, the Netherlands (Sports Network) - PSV Eindhoven will be without striker Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink for up to six weeks due to a shoulder injury.	1
Feds fund secure ID project com September 30, 2004, 12:52 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.	3
Masters blow to Agassi ANDRE AGASSI #39;s chances of qualifying for the season-ending Masters Cup suffered a setback in Stockholm today. The No.1 seed lost 3-6 6-3 7-6 to Thomas Johansson in the (\$1.	1
Southwest wins battle for ATA assets Southwest Airlines emerged on Wednesday as the victor in the battle for the assets of ATA, the bankrupt low-cost carrier, beating a rival offer from AirTran and underscoring its 	2
EDS to cut up to 20,000 jobs over two years The embattled IT services giant is trying to trim \$3 billion in annual costs.	3
Is an 80Gb iPod around the corner? Toshiba has announced a new and improved 40Gb and 80Gb version of its small hard drive found in the Apple iPod. Toshiba claims the new drives are the world #39;s first hard disk drives based on perpendicular recording 	3
Big fall in corruption in Kenya The Kenyan government's campaign to tackle corruption is having an impact, says Transparency International.	0
May Dept. Posts Lower Profit, Sales Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - May Department Stores Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MAY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MAY.N&lt;/A&gt;,  parent of Lord   Taylor and David's Bridal retail chains, on  Tuesday posted a lower quarterly profit on disappointing sales  of dresses and home furnishings.	2
BISYS says responding to regulatory investigation BISYS Group Inc. (BSG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , which provides administrative support to financial firms, on Monday said a subsidiary was in the process of responding to an 	2
Israel responds to massive tunnel blast ISN SECURITY WATCH (14012/04) - The Israeli army has responded to a massive explosion that killed five Israeli soldiers on Sunday by launching an attack on two buildings in Gaza City allegedly being used by Palestinian militants to manufacture weapons 	0
Are steroids as bad as we think they are? IT MAY NOT HAVE been the most substantive line in President Bush #39;s State of the Union address last January, but it had to be the least controversial.	1
PM talks up Indonesia ties PRIME Minister John Howard today reassured Indonesia that Australia was unlikely to launch a pre-emptive attack on its nearest neighbour to take out a terrorism target.	0
Ukraine Liberals Vow New Rallies to Overturn Vote (Reuters) Reuters - Ukrainian opposition leader Viktor\Yushchenko pledged a campaign of mass street protests to\overturn presidential election results he, and Western\countries, say were rigged by a Moscow-backed government.	0
The Flu Hunters What keeps these scientists up at night is the idea that global politics may prevent them from knowing until it's too late that a flu pandemic is brewing.	3
Google Buys Digital Mapping Company Search company cuts price of Keyhole LT mapping software by more than half.	3
Intel Plans to Hire Hewlett Designers In an effort to revitalize the struggling Itanium computer chip business, Intel and Hewlett Packard said Wednesday that Intel would hire a 300-person Hewlett-Packard design team based in Fort Collins, Colo.	3
SL vindicated over Murali The head of Sri Lanka Cricket has expressed relief and gratitude that Muttiah Muralitharan will be able to use his full weaponry under new laws.	1
Safety Regulators Want Recall of Durango, Dakota Trucks Federal safety regulators and DaimlerChrysler are sparring over a problem with Dodge Durango and Dakota trucks. The government believes the defect could 	2
Campbell Soup Co. Profit Falls 20 Percent  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Campbell Soup Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CPB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CPB.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  largest soupmaker, on Monday said quarterly net profit fell 20  percent as it increased spending on marketing and took a charge  related to job cuts.	2
Australian PM to crackdown on unions (AFP) AFP - Australian Prime Minister John Howard has vowed to use his government's expanded control over parliament to push through industrial relations, laws which unions said would be the most restrictive in the western world.	0
EU fines 7 firms for price-fixing BRUSSELS Outokumpu, IMI and five other companies were fined a total of E222.3 million on Friday by the European Commission for fixing the prices of copper tubing used in household plumbing.	2
Students' Bus Powered by Vegetable Oil (AP) AP - It's not unusual for the students traveling cross-country aboard an old school bus to get a craving for fried chicken. Or popcorn. Or french fries. That's because their vehicle is powered by vegetable oil, and the used oil they put in their tank can carry the telltale odors of the restaurant it came from.	3
Odd Things Expected as Red Sox Meet Cards in Game Three  ST. LOUIS (Reuters) - A World Series that has already  produced some odd sights could produce more on Tuesday when  Game Three of the Fall Classic between the Boston Red Sox and  St. Louis Cardinals is played out on the eve of a lunar  eclipse.	1
Chiefs #39; First Win Was Crucial Dick Vermeil walked around the visitors #39; locker room at M amp;T Bank Stadium as Monday night gave way to Tuesday morning, offering pats on the back, congratulatory handshakes and hugs to his Kansas City Chiefs players.	1
House takes aim at identity thieves Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.	3
Middle East ; Israeli airstrike wounds three Palestinians in Gaza Middle East News, Three Palestinian fighters were injured in an Israeli missile strike on their car in the southern Gaza Strip, witnesses and medics said on Thursday.	0
Ghana's President Wins Four More Years in Office (Reuters) Reuters - Ghana's President John Kufuor won a\second and final four-year mandate in the world's number two\cocoa grower on Thursday after taking more than half the votes\in the first round of a presidential poll.	0
US lender accused of  #39;cookie-jar #39; figures America #39;s biggest mortgage lender was thrown into turmoil yesterday when the industry watchdog accused it of having major accounting problems and doubted the  quot;soundness quot; of the company.	2
DaimlerChrysler, union reach deal at Brampton TORONTO - The Canadian Auto Workers have reached a tentative deal on workplace issues to allow DaimlerChrysler to add 900 jobs to its Brampton assembly plant, but the expansion is still awaiting provincial government assistance.	2
Bluetooth For Multi-Player Gaming? The Bluetooth Special Interest Group has unveiled a roadmap that outlines updates to the technology in performance, security, power optimization and usability.	3
US guard 'stomped' on Iraqis A colleague testifies against the woman pictured in photos from Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison, Pte Lynndie England.	0
Dawn of the Terabyte DVD Using a novel new approach, scientists at the Imperial College in London are on the path to optical storage that dwarfs the capacities of current DVD #39;s and even upcoming, blue laser-based discs.	3
Inkjets Shrink, and Hewlett Sees Many New Uses Hewlett-Packard plans to use inkjet printing to enter a range of new markets, such as television and computer displays, printed electronic circuits, and automotive fuel-injection systems.	3
Tigers Tame Bears Seimone Augustus scores a career-high 33 points for No. 3 LSU as it escapes with a 71-70 victory over No. 8 Baylor in the Tip-Off Classic Sunday in Austin.	1
Belarusians Vote in Term Limit Referendum (AP) AP - Belarusians' decision whether to scrap presidential term limits in a referendum this weekend could determine if this East European nation will remain an isolated Soviet-style throwback or slowly turn toward the West.	0
Briefly: EU #39;s Mercosur talks extended The European Union and the Mercosur group of South American economies agreed Thursday to let negotiations on opening their markets extend into next year, missing a month-end deadline to build the world #39;s largest trade area.	2
Downpours place a heavy load on scheduling Rain played havoc with the schedule makers at the US Open yesterday. After eight days of ideal weather, rain forced significant revisions in the schedule, scuttling the day 	1
Family  #39;Devastated #39; by Death of Black Watch Soldier Relatives of the Black Watch soldier killed during the controversial military deployment from Basra spoke tonight of their devastation at his death.	0
Iran Hosts Iraqi Official, Eyes Better Relations (Reuters) Reuters - Iraqi deputy Prime Minister Barham Salih\said Sunday he brought a message of friendship to Iran, which\has been angered by charges it is stirring up tension in Iraq,\the official IRNA news agency said.	0
Confusion over visa for Dalai Lama visit MOSCOW: A spokesman for the Tibetan exile government in India said yesterday that Russia has issued the Dalai Lama a visa to visit Buddhists in its Kalmykia region and that he could make the trip as early as tomorrow.	0
Lone Star Stays Strong The steakhouse operator posts a 23 rise in net income, despite high beef costs.	2
Putin Sends Greeting to War Crimes Convict (AP) AP - Russian President Vladimir Putin issued New Year's greetings Saturday to a former pro-Soviet partisan convicted in Latvia of killing civilians during World War II.	0
Henman nurses the hope that his back will stay on his mind Tim Henman celebrates his 30th birthday on Monday, although celebrate is hardly the right word judging by the face he pulled when the landmark was mentioned.	1
Coach: Game a rite of passage Tennessee offensive lineman Cody Douglas says Phillip Fulmer had a message for his players prior to the Alabama game last season. Last year he told us you #39;re not a man till you #39;ve beaten Alabama, #39; #39; Douglas said.	1
Unit's Report Supports Kerry's Version WASHINGTON - The Navy task force overseeing John Kerry's swift boat squadron in Vietnam reported that his group of boats came under enemy fire during a March 13, 1969, incident that three decades later is being challenged by the Democratic presidential nominee's critics.    The March 18, 1969, weekly report from Task Force 115, which was located by The Associated Press during a search of Navy archives, is the latest document to surface that supports Kerry's description of an event for which he won a Bronze Star and a third Purple Heart...	0
Violence still boosts companies #39; bottom line In the grisly video game Manhunt, players lurk in the shadows and use plastic bags, shards of glass and hammers to murder their enemies.	3
CSC inks \$1.35 billion deal The tech consultant signs a 10-year contract to manage Ascension Health's IT infrastructure.	3
Thatcher son was planning to flee Mark Thatcher, multi-millionaire businessman and son of former British prime minister Margaret Thatcher, had planned to flee South Africa shortly before he was arrested on charges of being involved in a coup plot to overthrow the government of the central 	0
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Google Launches Search for Scholars - Adwords to Ban Affiliates? - MSN's 'Near Me' Search Button - The Difference In Traffic for #1 and #10? - Robots.txt   Security Issues - One year anniversary of the 'Florida' Update - What is the Future of the 'Niche Directory'	3
Wake Forest leaps to No. 1 for first time in school history McLEAN, Va. (SportsTicker) - Wake Forest took over the top spot in the USA Today/ESPN coaches poll but North Carolina and Arizona were the biggest losers.	1
Twins, veteran Radke agree to two-year deal The Minnesota Twins agreed to a two-year contract with veteran right-hander Brad Radke, and offered arbitration to third baseman Corey Koskie, left-hander Terry Mulholland and catcher Henry Blanco, the team announced late Tuesday.	1
Sorenstam leads Mizuno Classic OTSU - World No. 1 Annika Sorenstam kick-started her bid for a fourth straight Mizuno Classic title by tying the course record with a 9-under-par 63 to move into the lead after the first round of the \$1 million event in Shiga Prefecture.	1
Devers can #146;t outrun pain, falls in hurdles ATHENS -- Gail Devers stared straight ahead, her eyes focused on the first hurdle.  quot;I was trying to block it out, quot; she said later.	1
Indonesian police make progress in embassy bomb investigation Indonesian police have released a sketch of a man they velieve bought the mini van used in the bombing of the Australian embassy in Jakarta.	0
Kerry Links Iraq War Cost, Domestic Woes WASHINGTON - Democrat John Kerry links the cost of the Iraq war to problems at home and vows in a new television ad to both "defend America and fight for the middle class."  "200 billion dollars. That's what we are spending in Iraq because George Bush chose to go it alone," Kerry says in the ad, to start airing Monday in 13 competitive states where he is on the air...	0
Witnesses: Gunfire at Arafat Mourning Site (AP) AP - Gunfire erupted Sunday at the tent set up for mourners to gather in memory of Yasser Arafat, witnesses said.	0
O #39;Keefe to quit this week NASA Administrator Sean O #39;Keefe will resign this week, and the retired director of the Pentagon #39;s Missile Defense Agency tops a list of five men that President Bush is considering 	3
Nortel Has Third-Quarter Loss of 6 Cents on Costs (Update3) Nortel Networks Corp., which is restating results back to 1999, said it had a third-quarter loss of 6 cents a share because of expenses related to job cuts and a wireless contract in India.	2
Euro parliament approves new commission The European Parliament in Brussels approved a new team of EU commissioners Thursday with 66 percent of members in favor, the BBC reported.	0
FTC Sues Alleged Spyware Distributors Companies are accused of infecting PCs, and then selling spyware-blocking software.	3
Insurance merger results in \$126.5 million windfall ATLANTA - A massive corporate merger between two health-care giants will result in \$126.5 million of new funding and equipment for Georgia #39;s medical schools and rural hospitals, Insurance Commissioner John Oxendine announced Tuesday.	2
Hollywood, But Holly Shouldn't Hollywood Entertainment's board wants shareholders to accept the lowest buyout offer. That's called negotiating?	2
Results of AP Poll on Presidential Race (AP) AP - The Associated Press-Ipsos poll on the presidential race is based on telephone interviews with 1,541 adults, including 1,273 registered voters and 944 likely voters, from all states except Alaska and Hawaii. The interviews were conducted Oct. 4-6 by Ipsos-Public Affairs.	0
Court asked to oust Black A judge is scheduled today to hear arguments from a Hollinger Inc. minority shareholder that wants to oust Conrad Black and his allies as senior managers of the Toronto holding company.	2
Lifestyle 'governs mobile choice' Consumers are much more interested in what their phone does for them than bits and bytes, research suggests.	3
The Oil Bubble II In my column last month (The Oil Bubble: Set to Burst?) I discussed the speculative factors that pushed oil prices to all-time highs.	2
FBI raids homes in file-share probe  WASHINGTON -- The FBI seized computers, software, and equipment as part of an investigation into illegal sharing of copyrighted movies, music, and games over an Internet ''peer-to-peer quot; network, Attorney General John Ashcroft said yesterday.	2
Pakistan Arrests 'Important' Al Qaeda Pair  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistani security forces have  arrested two "important" al Qaeda operatives, including an  Egyptian and a Saudi national, officials said Wednesday.	0
Sudan Peace Talks Stuck on Issues of Security Reports from the Nigerian capital Abuja, where Sudan peace talks have entered a third week, say the rebel factions and the Sudanese government are deadlocked on the issue of security.	0
PalmOne Wi-Fi card: a first look Want to add Wi-Fi connectivity to your PalmOne Tungsten T3 or Zire 72 handheld? Your wait is almost over. 	3
Oil Heads Toward \$49.40 Record  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices pushed above \$49 a barrel  on Monday, approaching record levels as worries about the  stability of supplies from Iraq, Nigeria and Russia compounded  concerns over low fuel stocks ahead of winter.	2
Kim Takes Four-Stroke Lead at State Farm (AP) AP - Christina Kim followed a record-tying opening round with a 6-under 66 Friday to take a four-stroke lead midway through the LPGA State Farm Classic.	1
Yahoo executive to head up Blinkz Mark Opzoomer, former head of Yahoo Europe, will be the new CEO of Blinkx, a San Francisco company whose search engines scout the Net and the desktop alike.	3
Storm Pounds Appalachian Region With Rain Heavy rain and wind from what was once Hurricane Ivan assaulted the southern Appalachian region Friday, washing away homes and killing at least three people.	0
CarMax Earnings Fall, Stock Up on Outlook CarMax Inc. (KMX.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday posted lower quarterly profit, but the used-car retailer said its sales have been steadily improving, sending its shares up as much as 14 percent.	2
Pfizer to Sponsor Large New Celebrex Trial (Reuters) Reuters - Pfizer Inc. said on Monday it plans to\sponsor a major clinical study to further assess the\cardiovascular safety of its arthritis drug Celebrex following\the withdrawal of Merck   Co.'s Vioxx, a drug in the same\class.	2
Supreme Court to Hear ISP-Cable Dispute The Supreme Court said Friday it would consider whether Internet providers should be allowed to sell their high-speed service over the cable television system.	2
Seven dead in Baghdad blast Interior Ministry officials had earlier said the blast on Tuesday was caused by a car bomb. At least five cars were ...	0
Dollar Holds Gains on Intervention Talk  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar kept its overnight gains  against the euro on Tuesday, finding a tenuous footing after  weeks of losses as traders took stern words by European  officials as a signal to stop selling the U.S. currency, at  least for now.	2
FDA to Study Adult Antidepressant Effects WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Food and Drug Administration will examine clinical trial data for thousands of depressed adults to see if they, like children, suffered increased suicidal thoughts and behaviors while taking antidepressants.    Dr...	3
3G launch becomes battle of the brands Vodafone yesterday began its campaign for dominance of Europe #39;s Christmas market for mobile phones with nine new handsets it will use to provide 3G services offering everything from video calls to downloadable games and television clips.	2
College Basketball: Illinois, UConn Cruise; Virginia Upset  CHAMPAIGN, Ill. (Sports Network) - Luther Head had a  game-high 17 points and Dee Brown added 15 along with nine  assists as top-ranked Illinois cruised to a 78-59 victory over  in-state foe Chicago State at Assembly Hall.	1
Stocks Look to Nudge Higher; Oil Dips  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open a touch  higher  on Tuesday, with Wall Street welcoming a slip in oil  prices and a report of a possible \$24 billion takeover of  cardiovascular device maker Guidant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt; by Johnson    Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt;.	2
Chile Issues Report on Pinochet Torture (AP) AP - Chile took a key step Wednesday toward confronting the grim legacy of abuses under the 1973-90 dictatorship of Gen. Augusto Pinochet, completing a lengthy report on torture and political imprisonment with testimonies from some 35,000 victims.	0
Basque separatists fail to renounce violence The Spanish government rejected out of hand a new peace proposal made Sunday by Basque separatists because it did not renounce violence, reports the Scotsman.	0
SABMiller to build China brewery; Interbrew, AmBev complete merger After losing out on a bid to buy China #39;s Harbin Brewery Group Ltd. to rival Anheuser-Busch Cos. Inc., Miller Brewing Co. #39;s owner SABMiller plc is planning to build an \$82.	2
Intel Unit Members Faulted in Iraq Abuse WASHINGTON - Twenty-seven members of an intelligence unit at Abu Ghraib prison either requested or condoned certain abuses of Iraqi prisoners there, an Army investigation found.   "We discovered serious misconduct and a loss of moral values," said Gen...	0
Party Crasher (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Not long ago most corporate computer managers viewed open-source programs like MySQL as toys fit only for hobbyists. But then Linux, an open-source operating system, became a smash hit in corporate sites. Now the folks who embraced Linux are snapping up other bargain programs such as Apache, which serves up Web pages, the MySQL database and scripting languages like PHP, Perl and Python, which are used to create Web pages. So many companies use the combination of Linux, Apache, MySQL and PHP (or Perl or Python) that they're described with the acronym LAMP.	3
Tony Blairs office plays down reports of Feb elections LONDON: Tony Blairs office played down reports on Sunday that the British prime minister plans to call a snap general election in February.	0
Smithfield Foods Profit High on the Hogs  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Smithfield Foods Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SFD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SFD.N&lt;/A&gt;, one of  the nation's largest meat producers, on Thursday said quarterly  earnings more than doubled due to higher hog prices and its  acquisition of Farmland Foods last year.	2
Microsoft, HP pleased with results of .Net partnership OCTOBER 15, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Hewlett-Packard Co. and Microsoft Corp. said yesterday that their 2-year-old .Net joint initiative has led to more than 1,000 projects with 700 customers in 39 countries, resulting in \$600 million in revenue.	3
United Seeks Additional Labor Cost Saving Bankrupt United Airlines (UALAQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it needs labor cost cuts on top of any gains from terminating employee pensions and expects to move toward voiding its labor contracts in early November.	2
Move produces mixed emotions It was 3:45 pm ET on Wednesday afternoon when Expos president Tony Tavares held a team meeting to inform the players that the Expos franchise would be relocated to Washington, DC, starting in 2005.	1
Al-Sadr is sent  #39;final call #39; BAGHDAD, Iraq - Interim Prime Minister Ayad Allawi issued a  quot;final call quot; yesterday for Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr to agree to a new set of conditions issued by the government and end his rebellion. 	0
A dash of holiday giving The 12th annual Kettle Kick-off Holiday Luncheon on Thursday raised \$150,305 for Christmas food baskets, meals, toys and other services for needy people during the holidays and throughout the year.	2
Oil Near \$49 as Iraq Violence Escalates LONDON (Reuters) - Global oil prices raced to fresh highs on Friday carrying US crude close to \$49 a barrel, driven by escalating violence in Iraq and unabated demand growth from China and India. 	2
EU, US aerospace aid spat heats up EU files counter-case at World Trade Organization over US aid to Boeing; US files over Airbus. BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The EU said Wednesday it will file a counter-case at the World Trade Organization (WTO) over 	2
Rivera Suffers Losses Two relatives of Mariano Rivera's wife were electrocuted while cleaning the pool at the Panama home of the New York Yankees closer.	1
TXU to Take Eight Power Plants Offline Energy company TXU Corp. on Friday said it plans to mothball eight natural gas-fired power plants representing a quarter of its Texas capacity in an effort to save about \$20 million in annual expenses.	2
Trip for Clean Water Kits Proves a Tortuous One By the time the first truckload of clean water solution reached the refugee camp in Desa Rueng Bakjok village on Sunday, about 50 of the 1,000 people living here on muddy ground under plastic tarps were suffering from dehydration and diarrhea.	0
BA workers approve holiday strike British Airways workers plan to strike for 24 hours during the August Bank Holiday weekend unless a pay row is settled, the GMB union said.	2
Strong Charges Are Exchanged Before Debate The intensity of advertisements broadcast this weekend signaled the importance that both sides attach to the debates.	0
HUD Eases Affordable-Housing Goals New government-set goals for mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to make home ownership affordable have been eased slightly from the targets proposed earlier this year, the Housing and Urban Development Department said Monday.	2
EchoStar Dishes Up Value The second-largest satellite entertainment provider adds 350,000 subscribers.	2
Sen. McCain Seeks  #36;1 Billion to Speed Digital TV Shift (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Senate Commerce Committee\Chairman John McCain is pushing for up to  #36;1 billion in aid to\ensure consumers are not left in the dark when television\stations broadcast only new, crisp digital signals, according\to draft legislation obtained on Sunday.	3
US Prosecutors Probe Circulation at NY Tabloids US prosecutors in New York have subpoenaed two New York City tabloids, the Daily News and New York Post, in a probe of how the rivals report circulation figures to potential advertisers.	2
Yahoo! Adds to E-mail, RSS Assets Yahoo! has acquired privately held Stata Labs, developer of the searchable e-mail client/RSS reader Bloomba and the SAproxy Pro spam filter.	3
Monaco down troubled PSG to go top PARIS: Monaco moved top of Ligue 1 after a late winner by striker Emmanuel Adebayor on Sunday sealed troubled Paris St Germains second consecutive home defeat.	1
Dokic Dumped Out of China Open in First Round  BEIJING (Reuters) - Jelena Dokic ran true to the miserable  form she has shown this season, falling 6-3, 6-0 to Thailand's  Tamarine Tanasugarn in the first round of the China Open  Tuesday.	1
Oil Won't Derail Expansion -Fed Officials (Reuters) Reuters - Near-record oil prices will slow\U.S. economic growth but won't be enough to derail a\self-sustaining expansion, U.S. Federal Reserve officials said\on Monday.	2
Wal-Mart's December Sales Jump 3 Percent (AP) AP - Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world's largest retailer, announced Monday that it expects its December sales to have risen 3 percent at stores open at least a year, a figure that is at the top end of the company's sales estimate.	2
Putting Nature on the Pill Wildlife managers are looking to contraception as a way to control nuisance animals.	3
Marketers drawing on anthropology NEW YORK -- Eight O'Clock Coffee Co. wanted its ads to hit people right where they live -- in their own homes, just waking up in the morning, craving that first cup of coffee.	2
Calpers calls on company to outline succession plan NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- After winning a battle to keep his job earlier this year, Michael Eisner said he #39;ll end two decades at Walt Disney Co.	2
Astros Take Game 1 Roger Clemens wins his ninth postseason game and Houston sets a team playoff record with four home runs in a 9-3 win over the Atlanta Braves in Game 1 of their NL playoff series.	1
Mozilla #39;s Thunderbird is go The Mozilla Foundation has released version 1.0 of its Thunderbird open source email client, following up on the successful recent launch of its Firefox web browser, and delivering new anti-spam and anti-virus technology to the desktop.	3
Text message warned of Jakarta bombing Police were sent a text message warning of yesterday #39;s suicide bombing in Jakarta that killed at least nine people 45 minutes before the explosion outside the Australian embassy.	0
India PM courts north-east rebels India #39;s prime minister has urged militant separatists in the north-east to join negotiations with the federal government and end decades of strife.	0
Verisign loses legal battle with ICANN, again Verisign has lost the latest round of its legal battle against the Internet #39;s technical regulator ICANN. Judge Howard Matz of the District Court in Central California threw out Verisign #39;s allegations that 	3
Three survive 11 days under collapsed building Two adults and a three-year-old girl have been pulled out alive after 11 days buried under a collapsed two-storey building in the Philippines #39; storm-hit town of Real, the local military commander said.	0
Indymedia Servers Returned to Rackspace October 15, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- The Web servers that were seized late last week from Web hosting provider Rackspace Managed Hosting (rackspace.	3
NASA Transfers X-37 Project to DARPA (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - WASHINGTON  #x2014; NASA has transferred its X-37 technology demonstration program \  to the Pentagon's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), which plans \  to go ahead with atmospheric drop tests of the prototype space plane next year.	3
Mikelsons: ATA Founder Has Grim Duty In Bankruptcy Filing As Delta Air Lines (nyse: DAL - news - people ) agonizes over whether to seek the shelter of Chapter 11, ATA Holdings (nasdaq: ATAH - news - people ) beat them to the punch.	2
'Treasure hunt' for bandit's loot Police in India warn people not to look for bounty stashed by the outlaw Veerappan, after his death earlier in the week.	0
Indian, British scientists working on drug to fight malaria At least 27 people are reported to have died of malaria in Alindra, India and 293 are seriously ill with the disease which broke out after the heavy rains and floods.	3
Manager at Edwards AFB harassed male employees, suit says EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. - A manager for a company that provides security for the space shuttle sexually harassed male employees over a period of two years, the US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission said in a lawsuit filed Thursday.	2
Update 4: Circuit City Narrows Second-Quarter Loss Circuit City Stores Inc., the nation #39;s No. 2 consumer electronics chain, reported a smaller-than-anticipated loss in the second quarter due to higher sales and fewer charges related to the sale of its bank-card business.	2
Martha Stewart Begins Serving Sentence One precaution TV icon Martha Stewart must take when serving her sentence at the Alderson, West Virginia, prison is refrain from doing any business.	2
A Mild Shanghai Lawyer and His Accidental Crusade The personal history of Guo Guoting is of the hard-knock variety commonplace in China, where one old rule endures: you can't fight City Hall.	0
Correction: Tech-Test-Firefox-Browser In a Nov. 10 product review of the Mozilla Firefox browser, The Associated Press reported erroneously that the Internet Explorer browser from Microsoft Corp.	3
Bush's Messages to Nations Hit by Tsunami (AP) AP - President Bush signed messages of condolence Monday at embassies of the four nations hit hardest by the tsunami. The messages also were signed by First Lady Laura Bush and former Presidents Clinton and Bush. Here is what the president wrote in each book:	0
Music industry asks Napster founder, former arch foe, for help LOS ANGELES: The recording industry has turned to its former arch-nemesis, the founder of online music file-swapping service Napster, to help it beat the piracy that it once accused him of spawning.	3
Muslims mark start of Ramadan Friday prayers marked the start of Ramadan in the Middle East as millions of Muslims around the world began observance of the holy month of fasting and prayer.	0
Thumbs up for Woodward and Jenkins THE WRU last night gave their blessing to Gareth Jenkins joining the British Lions coaching team, as Sir Clive Woodward was confirmed as head coach for next summer #39;s tour of New Zealand.	1
Olympic great Matthew has no regrets Matthew Pinsent today insisted he felt neither sadness nor regret as he brought the curtain down on one of the most illustrious sporting careers British sport has witnessed.	1
Tearing up the UN Charter Bernstein: UN peacekeepers are now collaborating with the Haitian police and death squads, in a bloody purge of thousands of pro-democracy supporters of President Jean Bertrand Aristide.	0
Robinson confirmed as England rugby captain The 30-year-old British Lion and former rugby league international replaces Jonny Wilkinson who is nursing an upper-arm injury. The main surprise in the England squad was the decision to leave centre Will 	1
BT board rejig follows Danon exit BT finance chief Ian Livingston will replace former  retail head Paul Danon at the UK telecoms giant, the company announces.	2
The Wonderful World of Succession In order to take the top job at Disney, Robert A. Iger, the companys president, must state his accomplishments without appearing to engage in an unseemly campaign for the job.	2
The theory behind the theory There is a distinction between the layman #39;s use of the term theory and the word #39;s meaning in the scientific world. That distinction seems lost in Cobb County, where thousands of dollars have been spent as 	3
August Chip Sales Growth Slows on High Inventory Global semiconductor sales growth slowed to 1 percent in August as electronics makers reacted to growing inventories in Asia by limiting orders of chips, an industry trade group said on Thursday.	2
Nikkei Up Despite Weak Output Data  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei share average rose 1.36  percent by mid-morning trade on Thursday, as the market took  weak output data in its stride and buyers flocked to recently  battered stocks after a steep fall in oil prices boosted U.S.  shares.	2
Oil weighs on blue chips, eBay results boost techs NEW YORK Stocks were mixed in a volatile session yesterday, with blue chips weighed down by oil prices and a new investigation of the insurance industry.	2
Storm's Devastation Is Revealed, and a Mountain Hamlet Mourns The remnants of Hurricane Ivan set off a two-mile-long mudslide that left at least three dead and a North Carolina community devastated.	0
Should Your Next PC Be a Workstation? Despite sub-\$1000 prices, the answer still depends on what apps you run.	3
Hewitt drives home his return point WASHINGTON - It #39;s night, under the lights at the Legg Mason Tennis Classic, and No. 2 seed Lleyton Hewitt is still wearing his white cap backward, the bill of it running down the back of his sweating neck. 	1
Angels wouldn #39;t be a good playoff foe The Angels weren #39;t playing the same game as the Yankees this weekend. Not in the wide-angle sense of being a first-place team with the luxury of a comfortable lead.	1
New Moon, Ring Found Around Saturn Sept. 9, 2004 - Images sent back to Earth by the Cassini spacecraft reveal aspects of Saturn scientists have never seen: another moon -ossibly two  - a ring of material.	3
Netline Refreshes Linux Groupware (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The German company prepares to release its third version of Open-Xchange Server, which it open-sourced under the GPL in August. A supported product will be available at a price.	3
UK Hostage in Iraq Pleads for Life After 2 Americans Killed Kenneth Bigley, a Briton taken hostage in Iraq, asked UK Prime Minister Tony Blair to help save his life in a videotape posted on the internet and aired by broadcasters worldwide, after 	0
Vodafone gives away free desktop text software With the UK sending over two billion texts every month, according to the Mobile Data Association, Big Red is giving away the software free to encourage companies to make more use of the messaging service.	3
Columnists: Fueling the Fire The latest Symantec Threat Report can provide us with information, knowledge, and even a little bit of wisdom -- about what has truly become an epidemic and an avenue for organized crime.	3
Dollar hits record low vs. euro TOKYO (CBS.MW) - The dollar hit a record low against the euro for a second straight Asian session Thursday, as investors continued to test the resolve of the monetary authorities in Japan and Europe to try to stem the weakening dollar trend.	2
States #39; Pocketbooks Are Fuller, but Health Costs Stall Recovery The fiscal condition of the states improved this year, but soaring health costs have made it difficult for them to recover from the worst fiscal crisis in six decades, the National Governors Association said Thursday.	2
J amp;J #39;s Big Buy NEW YORK - In its biggest purchase ever, Johnson  amp; Johnson is dropping \$24.5 billion to get into the fast-growing market for implantible devices that automatically restart stopped hearts.	2
US leading indicators reveal sluggish economy: Conference Board (AFP) AFP - The US economy is  quot;losing steam, quot; the Conference Board said, reporting that the index of US leading economic indicators fell 0.3 percent in October, marking the fifth straight decline.	2
IMPRESSIVE SRI LANKA MAKE IT FOUR OUT OF FOUR Sri Lanka moved a step closer to a series whitewash over South Africa after comfortably clinching the fourth one-day international in Dambulla.	1
No. 23 Boise State #39;s streak on line Friday BOISE, Idaho - No. 23 Boise State attempts to stretch the longest winning steak in Division I to 15 games Friday when it hosts Brigham Young of the Mountain West Conference.	1
Dutch raid Kurd 'training camp' Dutch police arrest 29 in a raid on a suspected training camp of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party.	0
Mass burial for Haiti storm dead Flood victims in Haiti are buried in a mass grave, amid more warnings of the threat of disease.	0
Stephen Dunn/Getty Images com. On a chilly, gray afternoon in St. Louis, Busch Stadium erupted on the sweet Jim Edmonds home run swing the Cardinals #39; faithful have come to know so well.	1
Sprint backs Apple tech for video streaming Cell carrier certifies QuickTime format for delivering video to handsets.	3
Claims Over Tasers' Safety Are Challenged Taser International says that a study endorses the safety of its electrical guns, but the laboratory that conducted the research disagrees.	3
Chirac Makes Rare Trip To Libya Tripoli, Nov. 25 (NNN) : In a historic development, President Jacques Chirac of France has made the first visit to Libya by a French leader since 1951.	0
AT amp;T Denies Move Away from Windows  quot;The security and virus argument for Linux and against Windows is real, but in many, though not all, aspects, that #39;s a reflection of how much more widely Windows is deployed, quot; said Gordon Haff, Illuminata senior analyst.	3
Your Kids Are Bleeding You Dry Families shell out a small fortune to send their kids back to school.	2
Bush administration takes emergency steps to avoid debt ceiling (AFP) AFP - US President George W. Bush's administration weathered a pre-election mauling as it announced emergency measures to skirt a 7.38-trillion-dollar debt limit.	0
ConocoPhillips wins LUKoil stake in historic auction MOSCOW : US oil major ConocoPhillips bought a 7.6-percent government stake in Russia #39;s second-largest producer LUKoil for nearly two billion dollars in the nation #39;s largest post-Soviet privatization deal.	2
Gunmen Attack Senior Palestinian Officer (AP) AP - Gunmen opened fire at a convoy carrying the deputy Palestinian intelligence chief on Wednesday, seriously wounding him in the chest and killing two bodyguards, Palestinian officials said.	0
Marsh to Scrap Fees Spitzer Faulted  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's largest insurance broker, said on Tuesday it would  reform its business practices and stop accepting fees at the  center of an investigation by New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer into bid rigging.	2
A Wise Decision Brings Boston Home The Boston Red Sox are going to the World Series, and the Yankees aren't, because Joe Torre selected the wrong pitchers and Terry Francona chose the right pitcher.	1
Formula One Gets Big Technical Changes Formula One's governing body imposed sweeping technical changes Friday designed to slash costs and improve the qualify of racing starting next year.	0
Honda Gets the 'Greenest' Award (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese automakers produce the\cleanest-burning vehicles and they were led in the 2003 model\year by Honda Motor Co., while General Motors Corp. placed dead\last, a U.S. environmental group said on Tuesday.	3
Serge Savard Pleads Not Guilty to DUI (AP) AP - Hockey Hall of Famer Serge Savard pleaded not guilty Monday to two charges of drunken driving.	1
TCL Communication aims higher after lacklustre debut China #39;s TCL Communication Technology Holdings Ltd, whose shares made a lacklustre trading debut in Hong Kong on Monday, said it aimed to be the world #39;s number five mobile phone maker by 2007.	2
Verizon Wireless wins permanent injunction against spammer WASHINGTONA judge in New Jersey has granted Verizon Wireless a permanent injunction against Jacob Brown, a text-message spammer from Rhode Island.	3
EU-Mercosur Free trade talks extended into 2005 Slow-moving talks between the European Union and the four-nation South American Mercosur trade bloc, aimed at building the world #39;s largest free-trade area, will be extended beyond the October 31 deadline into next year, negotiators at talks here announced 	2
on the record: ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz said that the development of the social sector of the country was the priority of the government.	0
Neon Deion  #39;Excited, Can #39;t Wait #39; To Play OWINGS MILLS, Md. -- After signing a one-year contract Tuesday with the Baltimore Ravens, seven-time Pro Bowl cornerback Deion Sanders said he #39;s ready to play.	1
Bucs #39; Lack Of Offense In Opener Was Like A Cold Blast From The &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; It took them 23 minutes to make a first down. We still don #39;t know how long it took to make a touchdown, because they still haven #39;t made one.	1
Children targets in war zone NEW YORK: The brutalities of a Sudan-backed religious group have left northern Uganda in a shambles, uprooting 1.8 million people who have little faith in the Kampala Government to protect them, according to a UN official.	0
No. 7 Stanford Beat Eastern Washington (AP) AP - Candice Wiggins scored 18 points and No. 7 Stanford defeated Eastern Washington 91-50 Tuesday night in the semifinals of the Great Alaska Shootout.	1
Murray looks to bright future Within hours of Tim Henman #39;s US Open semi-final defeat by Roger Federer on Saturday, 17-year-old Andrew Murray stormed to the junior title with a straight-sets defeat of Ukraine #39;s Sergiy Stakhovsky.	1
Calm in the markets but squalls ahead ? LONDON Amid the wars, terror threats and other tremors rattling political capitals, the global economy and financial markets seem strikingly placid - at first glance, at least.	2
UPDATE 1-US mortgage delinquencies up, foreclosures down US mortgage delinquencies rose in the second quarter of 2004 from the first quarter, but an improving US economy and strong home price appreciation should keep the downward trend in delinquencies intact, a US mortgage industry 	2
Malaysian PM Abdullah says he is prepared to meet freed Anwar KUALA LUMPUR : Malaysian prosecutors have said they will not appeal Anwar Ibrahim #39;s acquittal by the Federal Court on Thursday.	0
Microsoft links PC to phone, to create communication hub That rewrite of the old Microsoft Corp. motto might not fit precisely, but the Redmond company yesterday showed its ever-expanding ambitions with new software that connects the desktop computer to the traditional telephone next to it.	3
Eurozone rates unchanged at 2 The European Central Bank leaves eurozone interest rates on hold at 2, and upgrades its economic growth forecasts.	2
Martinez Ends Losing Steak as Red Sox Beat Angels Pedro Martinez pitched seven strong innings to end his losing streak and lead the Boston Red Sox to an 8-3 victory over the Anaheim Angels in the second game of an American League Division series on Wednesday.	1
Super Bowl Advertisers Still in Game After Scandal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Advertisers may have been bitten once  by an indecency scandal at the 2004 Super Bowl, but they are  not shy about getting back into the game for the next U.S.  football championship.	1
Bush returns to UN to ask for help in Iraq as bloodshed threatens &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; UNITED NATIONS (CP) - An unapologetic President George W. Bush, who threw the United Nations into angry upheaval last year by attacking Iraq without its approval, returned Tuesday to ask for more help in the chaotic country.	0
Secondary lacking Will power The Giants #39; defensive problems didn #39;t begin with the cornerbacks but they certainly culminated in their vicinity. Wherever there was a Will, it appeared, there was a nearby official signaling for a touchdown.	1
NHS ties up 330million, 900,000 staff, nine-year deal with &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The NHShas reached a landmark agreement with Microsoft on the renewal of the licensing of its desktop products in line with the Office of Government Commerce #39;s framework agreement with Microsoft.	3
No Certainty Harris Will Return to Pitt (AP) AP - Utah's Urban Meyer is leaving after the Fiesta Bowl, having already signed on to become Florida's coach. The question is whether Pitt coach Walt Harris might be going elsewhere, too.	1
Virgin Records enters the music download market Monday Long before Richard Branson dreamed of becoming the latest billionaire with a reality TV show, before he started his cell phone company, his airline and his record label, he sold music from the Virgin Record Shop on Oxford St.	3
IBM supercomputing goes retro Big Blue puts a new twist on an older technology. But will it steal thunder from the computing giant's other big machines?\	3
High oil prices not hurting German economy: Schroeder (AFP) AFP - German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said that the hike in oil prices was not currently hurting the eurozone's biggest economy but that he was closely watching the cost of crude.	0
Skater:  #39;I have a headache, but I #39;m OK #39; A photographer was taking snaps of skater Tatiana Totmianina Monday when her coach remarked,  quot;Smile for the camera. #39; #39;.	1
UNDATED: 14 points a game. John Lucas III and Joey Graham combined to outscore Washington State and No. 6 Oklahoma State beat the Cougars to move Eddie Sutton into eighth place on the career coaching wins list.	1
Rain prompts Japan quake fears Persistent rain in northern Japan has triggered fears of fresh landslides in the wake of powerful earthquakes which have shaken the region.	0
Ukraine Opposition Leader Defiant After Poisoning  KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian presidential hopeful Viktor  Yushchenko returned to campaigning Saturday in a defiant mood  after recovering from what his supporters said was an attempt  by authorities to poison him.	0
Is Vieri #39;s Inter career over? The chemistry between Adriano and Obafemi Martins raises questions further marks about Christian Vieri #39;s future at Inter Milan.	1
Deal in 'Great Jeopardy' Mayor Anthony A. Williams says the deal to bring baseball to D.C. is in "great, great jeopardy" because of changes to the stadium agreement.	1
6-Nation North Korean Nuclear Talks in Doubt With North Korea #39;s nuclear threat flaring up this week, Senator John Kerry vowed in Philadelphia on Friday to get the talks about the country #39;s weapons program  quot;back on track quot; if elected president.	0
General: Bin Laden Likely Issuing Orders BAGRAM, Afghanistan - The trail has gone cold in the hunt for suspected Sept. 11 mastermind Osama bin Laden three years after the audacious attacks, but the al-Qaida chief and his No...	0
Schlumberger 3Q Profit Misses Expectations Oilfield and information services firm Schlumberger Ltd. said Thursday that third-quarter sales and profit missed Wall Street expectations as hurricanes and a slowdown in drilling activity in Mexico hurt results.	2
Enterasys code for sale on Web #39;s black market Enterasys Networks Inc. #39;s secret sauce is reportedly back on the black market, after an anonymous person or group calling itself the Source Code Club offered to sell some of its software code for \$16,000.	3
Steelers winning the old fashioned way -- they pound it PITTSBURGH -- When Pittsburgh coach Bill Cowher looked for an offensive coordinator in January he didn #39;t start by asking candidates what they thought about Tommy Maddox, Hines Ward or Plaxico Burress.	1
Blasts in Baghdad Target Two Ministerial Convoys A suicide car bomb attack targeting Iraq #39;s environment minister killed four of her bodyguards on Tuesday, while a separate blast near the education minister #39;s convoy killed one bodyguard, police and government officials said.	0
Dollar May Gain on Speculation Fed Will Raise Interest Rates The dollar may rise for a second day against the euro in Asia on speculation Federal Reserve policy makers will raise the key interest rate in a meeting today and signal more increases to come.	2
Black Friday's Fade to Gray You don't need to get mauled at the mall anymore. Online storefronts are here to save the day.	2
Pope Appeals for Iraq Hostages; French Cling to Hope  DOHA (Reuters) - Pope John Paul, echoing appeals by Muslim  leaders, called Wednesday for the release of two French  journalists held hostage in Iraq as France's foreign minister  pressed on with a Middle East rescue mission.	0
Hong Kong rights group snubs British official over free speech row (AFP) AFP - A Hong Kong rights group has boycotted a meeting with a visiting British official, accusing London of failing to speak up in support of pro-democracy politicians in the territory.	0
Brazilian duo leave Celtic down and out DISASTER in Donetsk would be a catchy title, but it is unlikely that Celtic will be releasing a video of a Champions League match in which some initial bad luck was compounded by subsequent incompetence and disintegration, bringing the Parkhead side their 	1
Pepsi Bottling Profit Rises Pepsi Bottling Group Inc. (PBG.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the largest bottler of Pepsi drinks, on Tuesday said quarterly profit rose on volume growth in the United States and Europe.	2
Explosives residue found in wreckage of other Russian jet; new &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Russian investigators found residue of an explosive substance on the wreckage of the second of two airliners that crashed minutes apart Tuesday night, a security spokesman said yesterday 	0
Union Seeks to Represent Wal-Mart Workers Union efforts to organize Wal-Mart workers in Canada continued Monday in the auto-service departments of seven British Columbia outlets of the world #39;s largest retailer.	2
An all-or-nothing roll at Richmond Tonights all-or-nothing NASCAR Nextel Cup race at Richmond offers an interesting mix of desperation, anticipation and appreciation.	1
Microsoft preps XP push, deliberates on Longhorn In addition to a holiday-season push, the software giant says it is time to revisit its plans for its ambitious major update.	3
American and Briton Face Beheading in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Militants led by Washington's top foe  in Iraq said they would kill an American and a Briton on  Tuesday unless their demands were met, a day after they  released footage showing them severing the head of another U.S.  hostage.	0
IBM Third-Quarter Earnings, Revenue Rise International Business Machines Corp. reported a small gain in third-quarter profits Monday, as increasing revenues in almost every area of the business, including emerging markets such as Russia and China, helped offset expenses from a pension lawsuit.	3
Singh showdown for Tiger For the first time, Tiger Woods will not be the reigning PGA Tour Player of the Year when the Target World Challenge begins on Thursday at Sherwood Country Club in California.	1
LA Firm agrees to buy Harrah #39;s, Caesars properties LOS ANGELES A Los Angeles-based investment firm has agreed to buy four properties from Las Vegas-based Caesars and Harrah #39;s Entertainment for a total of 1-point-24 (b) billion dollars.	2
Study: Humans Were Born to Run More than by brain size or tool-making ability, the human species was set apart from its ancestors by the ability to jog mile after lung-stabbing mile with greater endurance than any other primate, according to research published today in the journal 	3
Stocks Higher Despite Soaring Oil Prices NEW YORK - Wall Street shifted higher Monday as bargain hunters shrugged off skyrocketing oil prices and bought shares following an upbeat sales report from Wal-Mart Stores and a bright outlook from Lowe's.    The Dow Jones industrial average was up 84.07, or 0.9 percent, at 9,909.42, after edging 0.1 percent higher last week...	0
Update 1: EU Clears Banco Santander Acquisition The European Union on Wednesday cleared Banco Santander Central Hispano SA #39;s acquisition of British bank Abbey National PLC for about \$14.	2
Congressional panel votes to kill Boeing Air Force tanker lease A congressional committee has voted to kill a hotly contested Boeing deal to lease 767 jetliners to the US Air Force as refueling tankers.	2
GOP Gains Boost Chances of Alaska Drilling  Republican gains in the Senate from last month's elections have pumped new life into the administration-backed move to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil and gas drilling, prompting environmentalists to mount what one of them called "the fight of our lives" to defeat the proposal.	2
Average techie starting salaries to remain stable IT professionals can expect a moderate increase in starting salary, a staffing firm says.	3
Does SP2 cause bovine lesbianism? &lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; And &lt;em&gt;El Reg&lt;/em&gt; consoles cuckolded husband	3
Merck Falls as E-Mails Suggest Vioxx Smoking Gun Merck  amp; Co. Inc. #39;s Vioxx recall is mushrooming into a product-liability nightmare that erased another \$23 billion of the company #39;s valuation on Monday, but analysts said it will likely withstand the crisis.	2
New Fissure Opens on Etna Volcano (Reuters) Reuters - A new fissure yawned open on the\southeastern side of Sicily's Mount Etna volcano on Tuesday,\oozing out enough lava to cross a city block, researchers said.	3
&lt;cite&gt;Reg&lt;/cite&gt; hack in daring Gambia charity dash Tackles Plymouth-Banjul rally in 20 Citroen	3
SpaceShipOne lands MOJAVE, California: SpaceShipOne landed safely in the California desert yesterday after a wild corkscrew-like ascent into space, and is now a step closer to a \$10 million (BD3.	3
CAMPBELL SET FOR NORWAY TRIP Sol Campbell is ready to take his place in the Arsenal defence for Wednesdays Champions League clash with Rosenborg in Norway. The England centre-back showed no ill effects after returning from an Achilles 	1
Sri Lanka frustrate sloppy Pakistan Karachi, Pakistan - Sri Lankan tailenders on Monday frustrated butter-fingered Pakistani fielders on the fifth and final day of the second cricket Test.	1
US Sept Consumer Sentiment Stagnates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumer sentiment stagnated in  early September, according to a survey released on Friday, as  doubts about the economy and the job market persisted.	2
EU in Sudan for Darfur talks European Union Foreign Policy chief Javier Solana has arrived in Sudan where he is expected to discuss the conflict in Darfur. Solana arrived from Addis Ababa on Saturday , where he had announced that the 	0
Fight over Vector goes to court Late last night, the High Court was hearing an application to sack three members of Vector #39;s owner, the Auckland Energy Consumer Trust, following an earlier breakaway meeting on a deal to partially privatise the company.	2
Fossil Hunters Find Sleeping Dinosaur in China Scientists have unearthed the remains of a perfectly preserved 130 million-year-old new species of dinosaur which provide a first-ever look at how the prehistoric creatures slept.	3
Israeli Strike Kills 3 W.Bank Militants  JENIN, West Bank (Reuters) - An Israeli aircraft fired a  missile at a West Bank car Monday killing a leader of a  militant group linked to Palestinian President Yasser Arafat's  Fatah faction and two comrades, witnesses said.	0
Farc kidnap saga marks 1,000 days Colombian ex-presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt reaches her 1,000th day as a hostage of Marxist guerrillas.	0
EDITORIALSMore defectors are on the way On Wednesday, 44 North Korean defectors entered the Canadian Embassy in Beijing. There are points worth noting regarding the timing and size of this incident.	0
Receiver to have surgery Thursday, may need ACL repaired Tennessee Titans receiver Tyrone Calico will have surgery Thursday to repair torn cartilage in his left knee and may need to have his anterior cruciate ligament fixed as well, coach Jeff Fisher said Tuesday.	1
Housing Starts Surge 6.4 Pct. in October (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. housing starts jumped a\larger-than-expected 6.4 percent in October to the busiest pace\since December as buyers took advantage of low mortgage rates,\a government report showed on Wednesday.	2
Blair vows to respond  #39;immediately #39; if contacted by Iraq hostage &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; LONDON, Sept 30 (AFP) - Hopes remained alive Thursday for the life of Briton Ken Bigley as Prime Minister Tony Blair vowed to respond  quot;immediately quot; if his hostage takers in Iraq contacted the British government.	0
Compuware boosts application development wares Compuware announced plans yesterday to release two new products: one to purge new applications of security vulnerabilities, and a second to test applications against common errors.	3
Oil Flat After Drop, More Losses Seen Oil prices held steady on Tuesday after falling 2 percent a day earlier and were set for further falls in anticipation of higher US crude stocks despite concerns over disruptions to Iraqi oil flow.	2
Polanco Pitches Well Aaron Polanco's ability to run Navy's option offense will be the key to the Mids' attempt to defeat Notre Dame for the first time in 40 tries this Saturday.	1
Should You Use Margin? Before you get a loaner to buy stocks, consider the consequences if your position should fall flat.	2
Hewitt distraught at split LLEYTON Hewitt has told friends of his heartbreak and shock when fiancee Kim Clijsters dumped him. Clijsters, 21, phoned Hewitt on Thursday night to end their 	1
N. Korea refugees get US nod The US has earmarked \$24 million annually to support human rights groups in North Korea.	0
Bronze is golden to Methuen's Pedro Standing in the snow at a medal celebration at the 2002 Winter Games at Salt Lake City, Jimmy Pedro had a sudden inspiration. He took out his cellphone and called his wife, Marie, back in Methuen, Mass.	1
ViewSonic Delves Into Video Networking Send your video throughout your house--wirelessly--with new gateways and media adapters.	3
Killers posed as police BAQUBA - The 49 homeward-bound Iraqi Army recruits probably took comfort at the sight of policemen at a roadside checkpoint at night.	0
Presidential campaign gathers steam in final stretch to November 2 (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry traded blows over Iraq and taxes as they scrambled for votes in the final week of their presidential race.	0
Revamped art museum 'like teacup' The architect behind New York's revamped Museum of Modern Art likens it to a Japanese teacup.	0
Wal-Mart announces \$10 billion share repurchase Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is launching a new share repurchase plan in which it will buy back \$10 billion of company shares. The plan replaces a previous plan in which the company was buying back \$7 billion worth of shares.	2
Harmony Shareholders Approve New Shares (AP) AP - Shareholders of Harmony Gold Mining Co. on Friday overwhelmingly approved issuing new shares to fund the company's hostile takeover bid for Gold Fields Ltd.	0
OPEC To Cut Oil Production (CBS/AP) Juggling between its need to keep prices up without having them explode, OPEC agreed Friday to reduce its daily oil output by 1 million barrels a day - and reserved the right to cut deeper early next year if crude turns much cheaper than now.	2
76ers need OT to keep Spurs winless SAN ANTONIO (Ticker) -- The Philadelphia 76ers appear to be taking the preseason more seriously than some of their opponents. The 76ers rallied in the fourth quarter to force overtime before taking the lead 	1
Titans-Dolphins game moved up 24 hours The National Football League announced Thursday that the game between Tennessee and Miami would be played on Saturday instead of Sunday.	1
Hotel workers on the verge of striking Hotel workers at 14 DC hotels are preparing to strike after talks over a new contract broke down last night. Union officials said hotel management walked out of contract 	2
No apology from Prince Harry PRINCE Harry will not apologise to a paparazzi photographer with whom he scuffled outside a London nightclub, a royal spokesman said today.	0
Bush Announces Plan to Realign Thousands of Troops President Bush today announced plans to shift 60,000 to 70,000 U.S. troops who are now stationed in Europe and Asia.	0
GOLF: TIGER WIN ENDS NIGHTMARE RUN TIGER WOODS lifted his first strokeplay trophy in 13 months yesterday with an eight-shot victory in the Dunlop Phoenix tournament.	1
Stocks Move Higher As Oil Prices Dip NEW YORK - Stocks moved sharply higher Friday as oil prices dipped and a pair of upgrades in the semiconductor sector boosted technology shares.    Investors are closely watching oil prices, which topped \$50 per barrel this week, hoping that consumer spending and sentiment, along with third-quarter earnings, would not be adversely affected by rising energy costs...	0
Soccer: Ronaldo poaches the points as Owen tastes first Real &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MADRID: Michael Owen made a telling contribution as he came off the bench on Sunday for his first taste of life in the Spanish league to provide the spadework for a Ronaldo finish as Real Madrid opened their season by poaching a 1-0 win at Mallorca.	1
Oracle Raises PeopleSoft Bid by 14 to \$8.8 Billion (Update5) Oracle Corp. raised its takeover offer for PeopleSoft Inc. by 14 percent to \$8.8 billion, increasing the pressure on the smaller software company to give up its 17-month fight against the bid.	2
U.S. Forces in Falluja Close on Guerrilla Stronghold (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. forces expect to be\positioned throughout the last remaining guerrilla stronghold\in Falluja by Tuesday, a Marine officer said on Saturday.	0
Battered Wife Wins Suit Against Md. Matchmaker Bethesda-based company didn't screen clients properly or help when she reported abuse, Ukrainian woman alleged.	3
Stocks surge amid upbeat outlooks NEW YORK -- A drop in oil prices and upbeat outlooks from Wal-Mart and Lowe's helped send stocks sharply higher yesterday, with the swing exaggerated by thin late summer trading. The Dow Jones industrials surged nearly 130 points.	2
ATA CHECKED FOR DEPARTURE ATA, the biggest airline at Chicago #39;s Midway Airport, filed for bankruptcy protection Tuesday and said it will unload its Midway hub to AirTran Airways.	2
Microsoft JPEG exploit reported Hacker web sites are claiming to have posted proof-of-concept exploit code for the latest critical Microsoft Corp software vulnerability, which is sometimes a precursor to broader attacks using a worm.	3
Afghan refugee vote drive hailed A four-day voter registration drive signs up 650,000 Afghan refugees in Pakistan for Saturday's landmark election.	0
Nokia to Further Expand Henan GSM Network Nokia Corp. will further expand a digital GSM mobile network for Chinese Henan Mobile Communications Corporation Ltd., in a deal valued at \$200 million (euro150 million).	3
Sweden to Return Remains of Aborigines (AP) AP - The skeletal remains of 15 Aborigines are being returned home for reburial, nearly 90 years after a Swedish zoologist smuggled them out of Australia for display in a Stockholm museum.	3
(15) Purdue 41 Notre Dame 16 Kyle Orton ended the 30-year drought by throwing for 385 yards and four touchdowns, leading the 15th-ranked Boilermakers over the Irish 41-to-16.	1
Nets get Knicked up The Nets looked at Tuesday #39;s game as another chance to climb out of the huge hole they created for themselves with their early-season offensive struggles and prove to the Knicks that they haven #39;t overtaken them just yet.	1
Firsthand Experience Not Ideal for Quarterback The Giants might as well let Eli Manning start again next Saturday because they are not going anywhere anyway.	1
US Trade Deficit No Cause for Alarm-Evans (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Commerce Secretary Don Evans on\Tuesday brushed off financial market concerns about America's\massive trade deficit and stressed that a recent sharp uptick\was fueled in part by surging energy prices.	2
Chavez Allies Name Supreme Court Justices President Hugo Chavez's allies in Congress appointed 17 new justices to the supreme court Monday as opposition parties accused the leader of stacking the nation's highest court with government-friendly magistrates.	0
Selling surveillance - has Blunkett got a deal for &lt;cite&gt;you&lt;/cite&gt; &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Fiddling the price to get you to pay for the pass laws	3
Jaguars Release Sack Leader Brackens (AP) AP - The Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday released defensive end Tony Brackens, the team's all-time sack leader.	1
Freescale announces dual-core PowerPC processor SHANGHAI - While much has been made of efforts by Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and Intel Corp. to bring dual-core processors to PCs and servers, Freescale Semiconductor Inc. announced Tuesday at a conference in Frankfurt, Germany, details of a dual-core PowerPC processor designed for embedded applications, such as networking and storage.	3
Four vendors team up on new standardized Linux NOVEMBER 17, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Four small Linux vendors have joined together to create a new Linux Standard Base 2.0-compliant binary set that they hope will attract independent software vendors and hardware makers to port their wares to the new code 	3
City ease pressure on Keegan; Bolton peg back Gunners (AFP) AFP - High-flying Bolton ended Arsenal's perfect start to their Premiership title defence by twice coming from behind to earn a 2-2 draw at Highbury.	0
First Look: Skip Gateway's MP3 Photo Jukebox Color display and photo support can't save oddly designed player.	3
Astronaut Gordon  #39;Gordo #39; Cooper, 1927-2004 Grant writes  quot;Leroy Gordon  #39;Gordo #39; Cooper, one of America #39;s first seven astronauts, died today in his home at the age of 77.	3
Deep Tremors Detected Along San Andreas Fault Seismologists have detected deep, non-volcanic tremors lasting up to 20 minutes along the San Andreas Fault in central California. The discovery suggests earthquakes may have deeper origins than previously thought.	3
After Admitting Flaw, Kryptonite Faces Lawsuits Lock maker Kryptonite and parent Ingersoll-Rand face at least five proposed class-action lawsuits in the United States and Canada after admitting this week that popular 	2
Injured Gail Devers Can't Finish Hurdles ATHENS, Greece - Gail Devers, the most talented yet star-crossed hurdler of her generation, was unable to complete even one hurdle in 100-meter event Sunday - failing once again to win an Olympic hurdling medal.    Devers, 37, who has three world championships in the hurdles but has always flopped at the Olympics, pulled up short and screamed as she slid under the first hurdle...	0
Sun eyes home users with Sun Ray update SAN FRANCISCO - Sun Microsystems on Monday will update its Sun Ray platform with new workstations and server software that company executives believe will give the thin client devices a foothold among home users.	3
ISA Flaw Shows Way In To Phishing Attacks Microsoft ISA and Proxy Server are prone to an Internet domain name spoofing vulnerability that could allow an attacker to spoof Internet sites.	3
European scientists envisage robotic village on moon European scientists are about to reach for the moon. After a 13-month journey, driven by a new kind of technology, an experimental spacecraft the size of a washing machine will begin to orbit around the moon on Monday night.	3
Stock market advances THE local stock market advanced today after a slide in oil prices sparked a rally on Wall Street on Friday. A fall in the price of crude oil was expected to ease investor concerns about high fuel costs crimping 	2
Prioritizing NASA NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe seems bent on overstating popular support for President Bush #39;s space agenda. He did it again this week, pointing to this year #39;s \$16.2-billion budget as proof that Congress is 	3
Bruce Lee statue for divided city In Bosnia, where one man #39;s hero is often another man #39;s villain, some citizens have decided to honour one whom Serbs, Croats and Muslims can all look up to - the kung fu great Bruce Lee.	0
Cell phone carriers to get Linux option CHICAGO - Motorola Inc. and Hewlett-Packard Co. on Monday said they agreed to an expanded deal to help mobile telephone service providers use Linux-based computers to run their core network systems. 	3
Perk a flight of fancy In a world where enticements and incentives are abundant, it was stunning to hear players at the PGA Championship talk about the latest perk that took them by surprise. How about six free first-class, round-trip tickets to Ireland?	1
Sharapova overpowers Stosur Maria Sharapova reached the last four of the Korea Open after beating Australia #39;s Samantha Stosur 6-2 6-1. Taking centre court after a four-hour rain delay, Sharapova overwhelmed Stosur to set up a semi-final meeting with Anne Kremer of Luxembourg.	1
Stocks Open Higher After CPI, HP Earnings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened higher on Wednesday  after news that core inflation rose only slightly more than  expected last month. Strong earnings from computer maker  Hewlett-Packard Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HPQ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HPQ.N&lt;/A&gt; and a major retail merger also  lifted Wall Street's mood.	2
Ask Jeeves to boost search site with portal features Ask Jeevesis actively looking at strengthening its flagship search engine Web site with features, services and technologies found elsewhere in its online network.	3
US blue chips skid as oil keeps rising NEW YORK : US shares ended mostly lower Thursday as oil prices kept moving higher despite news that US strategic reserves may be tapped to ease supply concerns.	2
Chinese Internet Crackdown The Chinese government shut down 1,600 Internet cafes between February and August of this year, according to China Radio International.	3
Annan: Iraq war was illegal UN chief says Iraq may not be able to hold credible elections as planned in January 2005 due to lack of security. By Robert MacPherson - LONDON.	0
Explosion near Gaza City convoy A car bomb explodes near the convoy of a Palestinian security chief, Moussa Arafat, reports from Gaza City say.	0
US maize 'threat' to Mexico farms The North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) is having a severe effect on rural Mexico, TVE's Earth Report programme claims.	0
Pakistan Security Forces Come Under Attack (AP) AP - Suspected Islamic militants fired rockets at Pakistani paramilitary bases in tribal regions near Afghanistan, intelligence officials said Saturday. No one was reported injured.	0
No Regrets, Says Departing NASA Boss (AP) AP - NASA's departing boss, Sean O'Keefe, said Friday he does not regret canceling the last shuttle mission to the Hubble Space Telescope  #151; or anything else during his three years on the job.	3
NHLPA requests meeting with NHL next week Not likely, but at least it looks like there might finally be some negotiations about ending the NHL lockout. The National Hockey League Players #39; Association confirmed that NHLPA executive director Bob Goodenow 	1
China's Bank, in Transition, Raises Rates But the step could risk social unrest if heavily indebted state companies respond by laying off more workers.	2
Chirac optimistic despite depressing economic data PARIS: French President Jacques Chirac said yesterday he remained optimistic on the outlook for the economy despite data last week showing growth at just 0.1 per cent in the third quarter this year.	2
Jazz fails to unlock Key Twenty-four hours earlier, Danny Fortson was bickering his way toward a couple of technical fouls and an ejection, which he admitted cost his team a victory.	1
Insurgents Target Iraqi Security Forces (AP) AP - The warning left in the garage of Omar Hameed, Iraqi National Guardsman, showed two bloody swords and a message: "If you don't quit your job in three days, you will be killed."	0
Haiti flood death toll nears 700, likely to rise In Gonaives, Haiti, story headlined  quot;Haiti flood death toll nears 700, likely to rise quot; please read in first paragraph ... could rise above 660 ... instead of ... could rise about 660. By Joseph Guyler Delva.	0
Intels extreme step for Gamers AMD released two extremely powerful chips recently after Intel had to back down from the plan of manufacturing a 4GHz version of their Pentium 4 processor.	3
Gates: Longhorn changed to make deadlines Microsoft founder Bill Gates says things had to be removed to make the deadline. Also, employees in the search department fired up to take on Google. \	3
Sulamani cruises by 11/2 in Canadian International The other jockeys tried to keep Sulamani, the 4-5 favorite, boxed in, but it hardly mattered as he captured the \$1.5 million, Grade I Pattison Canadian International by 11/2 lengths under a hand ride yesterday at Woodbine Racetrack in Toronto.	1
Iraqi government to extend cash-for-weapons program BAGHDAD -- Ayad Allawi, Iraq #39;s interim prime minister announced plans yesterday to extend a cash-for-weapons program for Shiite fighters in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City to cities countrywide in an attempt to disarm the country.	0
Donors urge Rwanda to exercise restraint on Congo International donors urged Rwanda on Friday to exercise restraint in its relations with neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo amid reports Rwandan soldiers had crossed the border to attack rebels.	0
Blast, Mushroom Cloud Reported in N. Korea (AP) AP - A large explosion occurred in the northern part of North Korea, sending a huge mushroom cloud into the air on an important anniversary of the communist regime, a South Korean news agency reported Sunday.	0
Mets' McEwing Probably Lost for Season (AP) AP - New York Mets infielder Joe McEwing is likely done for the season after breaking a bone in his left leg.	1
N. Korea Won't Give Up Nuke Development (AP) AP - North Korea said Monday that it will not give up nuclear development in light of unauthorized nuclear experiments by South Korea, where U.N. inspectors nuclear inspectors were conducting an investigation.	0
A Beslan mother #39;s impossible choice After more than 24 hours in captivity in Beslan school with her two daughters, Anetta had to make the choice. Terrorists came and said only one woman and only one baby could leave.	0
Marino, Young Nominated for Hall of Fame (AP) AP - Quarterbacks Dan Marino and Steve Young and wide receiver Michael Irvin are among nine first-time nominees for the Pro Football Hall of Fame.	1
Space station crew completes EVA The two-man crew of the international space station went outside again for more repair work. Gennady Padalka and Mike Fincke spent five and a-half hours plugging in new antennas 	3
Santana captures Cy Young Award CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Minnesota Twins pitcher Johan Santana won the American League Cy Young Award Thursday, becoming the first unanimous winner since Arizona #39;s Randy Johnson two years ago.	1
Bledsoe, Tobeck Are Old College Pals (AP) AP - Seattle center Robbie Tobeck once took a swing at Buffalo quarterback Drew Bledsoe. Not on the field, of course. They were college roommates at Washington State, where Tobeck snapped the ball to Bledsoe.	1
Israel frees Palestinian prisoners JERUSALEM Israel began releasing more than 130 Palestinian prisoners on Tuesday in a move aimed at easing overcrowding in its jails, security officials said.	0
AMD: Feeling chipper In a rough year for semi stocks, Advanced Micro Devices has thrived. Is there more room to run? NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Tech stocks have had a nice year-end rally but that hasn #39;t been enough to pull the chip sector out of the red.	3
Mexican firm 'eyes \$4bn RMC bid' Mexican group Cemex is reportedly set to make a \$4bn takeover bid for RMC, the UK firm that is the world's biggest supplier of ready-mixed concrete.	2
De La Hoya: 'This Is for All the Marbles' (AP) AP - Oscar De La Hoya has been in enough big fights to know what each one means. Some have helped build his reputation, others have made him rich. So don't just chalk it up to hype when he says his fight Saturday night against Bernard Hopkins means more than all of them put together.	1
Analyst boosts retailer #39;s rating to  #39;buy #39; NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Bank of America Monday upgraded Wal-Mart, citing valuation and its belief that higher energy costs have no negative surprise factor for the retailing behemoth.	2
Microsoft #39;s Gates Is World #39;s Most  #39;Spammed #39; Person E-mail users inundated with unsolicited  quot;spam quot; messages have reason to hope Microsoft Corp. will develop better tools for tackling the problem: Bill Gates is suffering more than anyone.	3
Boston Sluggers Fall Silent for 2nd Game (AP) AP - Red Sox bats that knocked balls over fences all season flailed wildly at them in the first two games of the AL championship series.	1
Judge Strikes Down Pa. Anti-Pornography Law PHILADELPHIA -- A Pennsylvania law aimed at stopping Internet pornography is getting no love from the court system. A federal judge threw out the law, which would have required Internet service providers to block Web sites that contain child pornography.	3
AIG settles over accounting probe The  world's largest insurance group pays \$126m in fines as part of a settlement with US regulators over its dealings with two firms.	2
Crude passes \$52 a barrel Crude futures surged above \$52 a barrel yesterday as a possible strike by Nigerian oil workers loomed and petroleum output in the Gulf of Mexico continued to suffer more than two weeks after Hurricane Ivan whipped through the region.	2
NBA Game Summary - San Antonio at Chicago Chicago, IL (Sports Network) - Tony Parker scored 17 points and had five assists to lead a balanced San Antonio attack that handed the Spurs a 91-75 victory over the Chicago Bulls at the United Center.	1
Sharon plays poker to head-off coalition crisis: World News: Tel Aviv, Dec 1 : Prime Minister Ariel Sharon appears heading to a certain defeat in parliament when he presents his government #39;s proposed budget for 2005.	0
Allianz Says Trade Center Ruling May Cost It Up to 80 Mln Euros Allianz AG, Europe #39;s largest insurer, said a New York court ruling that defined the World Trade Center terrorist attacks as two separate events may cost it as much as 80 million euros (\$107.6 million).	2
Glazer may dump Man Utd chairman Gardner Manchester United chairman Sir Roy Gardner could be on his way out if Malcolm Glazer #39;s takeover bid is successful. The Observer says Glazer he is likely to oust Gardner and install his son Joel as chairman at Old Trafford.	1
Ingram Micro Buys Tech Pacific to Expand in Asia Pacific Ingram Micro Inc, the world #39;s biggest distributor of computers and related parts, said it has agreed to buy Sydney-based Tech Pacific for A\$700 million (\$493 million) to expand in Asia Pacific.	2
Pool is much less crowded Let the arguments begin. The first Bowl Championship Series rankings are due out in a few weeks and the number of unbeaten teams is shrinking rapidly.	1
IBM Opens Up Design of Its Blade Servers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - International Business Machines Corp.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; said it is making the design of its "blade" computer  servers widely available, in a move designed to gain wider  acceptability in data centers and the telecommunications  industry.	3
Israeli air strike kills two militants in Nablus Two Palestinian militants were killed on Monday as Israeli Apache helicopters hit their car, Palestinian witnesses and medical sources said.	0
Lithuania says pro-Chechen site likely will be shut down Lithuanian Prime Minister Algirdas Brazauskas said Friday that a pro-Chechen Web site likely would be shut down after it posted a purported message 	0
Crude Oil Prices Surpass \$50 Per Barrel Crude oil surpassed \$50 a barrel for the first time and analysts said Tuesday that prices could keep rising because of a sharp rise in global demand, tight supplies and threats to output in petroleum-producing nations such as Iraq and Nigeria.    Homeowners and energy-intensive industries could feel the sting from high oil prices worsen as seasonal demand picks up this winter, and there is already evidence that the supply disruptions caused by Hurricane Ivan are making it more costly to drive...	0
Intel bumps up the speed of fastest Centrino Intel added a faster Pentium M processor speed-grade to its Centrino chip-set bundle for laptops onn Wednesday (Oct. 20). The Pentium M 765 runs at 2.1-GHz, packs 2-Mbytes of level 2 cache, and uses Intel #39;s 	3
U.S. Job Gains Strongest in Seven Months  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - New U.S. jobs soared at the sharpest  rate in seven months in October, the government reported on  Friday, helped by a surge in construction activity as  hurricane-battered areas in the Southeast were rebuilt.	2
WILLIAMS WARY OF COMPLACENCY Coach Matt Williams warned against the danger of complacency when Scotland face Japan at McDiarmid Park in the second of the Autumn Tests on Saturday.	1
Toys 'R' Us Swings to 2Q Profit (AP) AP - Troubled retailer Toys "R" Us Inc. reported Monday that the company swung to a profit in the latest second quarter, compared with a loss in the year-ago period.	2
U.S.: Iraqi Prisoners Won't Be Released BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraq's leader and U.S. officials moved quickly Wednesday to squelch the idea a top female germ-warfare scientist for Saddam Hussein would be freed soon, after a senior Iraqi official said the decision had been made to release her...	0
Napster #39;s mobile market plans The company has formed an agreement with mobile developer and publisher Dwango Wireless to launch the service - Napster Mobile - across the US and Canada in 2005.	3
Report asserts Kazaa makes the rules Setting aside Sharman Networks #39; objections, an Australian judge accepted on Friday an affidavit with potentially damaging assertions about Kazaa #39;s handling of copyrighted material.	3
Bribes Helped Bombers to Russian Planes -Prosecutor  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Bribery and negligence by officials  helped Chechen suicide bombers get on board two passenger  planes last month and blow them up, Russia's chief prosecutor  said in an interview published on Wednesday.	0
Sony Plans European Ad Blitz to Stifle iTunes Sony Corp. next week will launch a marketing blitz in Europe for its new Connect music download store, its latest effort to derail the 	3
Hmong ordered from Thai camp Soldiers order about 1,500 ethnic Hmong people to leave a refugee camp in central Thailand.	0
Prosecutors Want Trial to Remain in Houston Federal prosecutors Friday urged a judge in Houston to keep the fraud trial of three former Enron Corp. executives in the energy trader's hometown, saying that a fair trial is possible.	2
PBS Rides Off with  #39;Noddy #39; Deal PBS has signed a deal to broadcast  quot;Make Way for Noddy, quot; the British cartoon series based on the classic children #39;s books by Enid Blyton.	2
Iran extends range of its ballistic missiles, former leader says Iran said yesterday that its missiles now have a range of more than 1,200 miles, a substantial extension of their previously declared range.	0
IMG sold for 400m IMG Group, the agency behind Tiger Woods, Liz Hurley, James Brown and Michael Schumacher, is being sold to a New York investment house for an estimated 400m.	2
Saskatchewan high court rejects appeal of 2 men in murder of  Regina seniors (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - REGINA (CP) - Saskatchewan's highest court has rejected an appeal by two men convicted in a bloody home invasion that killed an senior Regina couple.	0
12 Dead, 36 Missing After Ferry Sinks in China  BEIJING (Reuters) - An overloaded ferry sank in China's  powerful Yellow River killing at least 12 people and leaving 36  missing, the China Daily newspaper said Saturday.	0
Lehman and Geiberger share lead at Greensboro classic British Open winner Tom Lehman and Brent Geiberger shared the lead after the third round of the Greensboro Classic on Saturday. Lehman continued 	1
Genesis Samples 'Looking Very, Very Good' Jet Propulsion Lab -- The Genesis team is preparing to ship its samples of the Sun from the mission's temporary cleanroom at the U.S. Army Proving Ground, Dugway, Utah, to NASA's Johnson Space Center, Houston...	3
Syria ready for talks with Israel without conditions ISN SECURITY WATCH (25/11/04) - Syrian President Bashar Assad told a top UN envoy on Wednesday he was ready to resume peace talks with Israel  quot;without conditions quot;.	0
Mosque bombing mars beginning of election campaign BAGHDAD, Iraq -- A bomb targeting a prominent Shiite cleric killed seven people outside one of southern Iraqs holiest shrines Wednesday as campaigning began for Iraqs first post-Saddam elections -- a vote that is going ahead despite suicide attacks 	0
Tokyo Stocks Open Firmer on Economy  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average edged up 0.25  percent at the opening on Tuesday as investors stayed  optimistic about Japan's economy and bought banks and insurance  firms.	2
Austrialia Attacks Against Jews Increasing (AP) AP - Attacks against Jews have increased in Australia, a report by a major Jewish organization released Sunday showed.	0
PeopleSoft CEO:  #39;We will not blink #39; in fight against Oracle PeopleSoft (PSFT) CEO Craig Conway isn #39;t about to go down without a fight in his company #39;s takeover tussle with rival Oracle (ORCL).	2
LSU-Auburn Rivalry Could Get New Chapter (AP) AP - Auburn and LSU have played several nickname games in recent years: The Fire Game. The Interception Game. The Cigar Game.	1
Middle East ; Bill backs pro-nuke energy drive in Iran Middle East News, TEHRAN - To cries of  quot;Death to America quot; and  quot;God is Greatest quot;, Iran #39;s hardliner-dominated parliament has passed a bill obliging the government to press ahead with efforts to develop a nuclear energy programme.	0
'American Taliban' Seeks Commuted Sentence SAN FRANCISCO - John Walker Lindh asked President Bush on Tuesday to commute his 20-year prison sentence for aiding the Taliban.    His lawyer, James Brosnahan, said that Lindh was fighting alongside the Taliban in a civil war against the Northern Alliance, that he is not a terrorist and that he never fought against U.S...	0
Top-Ranked Australia Rallies to Avoid US Rugby League Upset World rugby league champion Australia beat the USA Tomahawks 36-24 in Philadelphia, rallying from an 18- point halftime deficit to avoid one of the biggest upsets in the sport #39;s history.	1
Calif. Revives Marine Sanctuary Proposal (AP) AP - State wildlife officials announced plans Friday to revive a program to create marine reserves along California's 1,100-mile coast.	3
Stocks Edge Up on Tech-Sector Optimism NEW YORK - Optimism that the embattled technology sector was due for a recovery sent stocks modestly higher Monday despite a new revenue warning from semiconductor company Broadcom Inc.    While Broadcom, which makes chips for television set-top boxes and other electronics, said high inventories resulted in delayed shipments, investors were encouraged as it said future quarters looked brighter...	0
Consumer Prices Up in Nov. As Gas Calms Consumer prices calmed down in November, helped by smaller increases in energy and food. That means the Federal Reserve probably will continue raising interest rates only gradually to keep inflation under control.	2
UN chief reacts to son #39;s payments UN secretary-general Kofi Annan said he was  quot;disappointed quot; at news his son was receiving payment from a firm involved in Iraq #39;s oil-for-food programme.	0
Trojans seeking top of the heap One game into Bridgewater-Raynham's league schedule, the Trojans' season appeared to be over. After losing to Marshfield to open Old Colony League play Oct. 30, the Trojans figured their chances at surviving beyond Thanksgiving were as good as a turkey's. With only four teams in the league, Marshfield seemed a safe bet to garner its playoff berth.	1
REVIEW: Olympics Web Coverage Disappoints (AP) AP - Though NBC is blanketing seven networks with 1,210 hours of Olympics coverage, there's this pesky, bill-paying task called work that keeps me from fully enjoying the televised competition.	3
Houston Astros Hope Wireless Is A Hit (TechWeb) TechWeb - Baseball team keeps its eye on the technology ball by assembling an outside IT team to deploy Wi-Fi for fans.	3
RocketNews Search Engine Adds Personalization RocketNews Search Engine Adds Personalization\\The RocketNews current news and weblog search engine has been enhanced with the addition of personalization features. RocketNews is a technology showcase operated by Rocketinfo Inc., a  supplier of real-time news and competitive intelligence software to corporations, governments and professional service firms.\\Visitors to the new ...	3
Colgate-Palmolive cuts back Colgate-Palmolive, the consumer products company, said yesterday that it would close about a third of its factories and cut more than 4,400 jobs over the next four years as part 	2
Opposition Leader Urges Region Pressure on Mugabe (Reuters) Reuters - Zimbabwe's main opposition leader\Morgan Tsvangirai urged southern African countries on Tuesday\to put pressure on President Robert Mugabe to conduct free and\fair parliamentary elections in March.	0
Age of green cars arrives as Canadians cut emissions Cars that are environmentally friendly may be coming to drivers in North America faster than anyone expected after the Canadian government pledged this week to a dramatic 25 per 	3
Torstar 3rd-Qtr Net Falls on Buyout Costs, Harlequin (Update2) Torstar Corp., which publishes Canada #39;s biggest daily newspaper, said third-quarter profit fell 62 percent because of declining sales at its book-publishing unit and costs for employee buyouts at the Toronto Star.	2
3 Fugitive Muslim Militants Suspected in Jakarta Attack Investigators said Friday that they believed the deadly bombing of the Australian Embassy was carried out by suicide attackers who had eluded a manhunt after fellow militants were captured during raids in July and August.	0
Caesars plans Wembley casino US casino giant Caesars plans to build a 335m gambling and leisure resort beside the new Wembley Stadium in London, its first foray into Europe.	2
Kerry: 'We Can, We Must' Win Terror War (AP) AP - Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry says President Bush was wrong when he suggested that victory against terrorism might be impossible, declaring that he has a plan to defeat those who threaten the United States.	0
Chasing Apple #39;s Dominant iPod Now that the iPod and its little brother, the iPod mini, have gobbled up the overwhelming majority of the MP3-player market, what #39;s a competitor to do?	3
Worthy choice for Commerce post Your second term will be made successful by the advisers you pick, and you have picked a good one in Carlos Gutierrez. Gutierrez is indeed a Hispanic-American success story, as evidenced by his climb to corporate leadership and his success at Kellogg.	2
US Sept Consumer Sentiment Stagnates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. consumer sentiment stagnated in  early September as doubts about the economy and the job market  persisted, a report indicated on Friday.	2
Two US soldiers killed, 16 wounded in mortar barrage on US base A mortar attack Sunday killed two US soldiers and left 16 wounded one critically at a base west of the Iraqi capital. Maj. Richard Spiegel of the Army #39;s 13th Corps Support Command said the 	0
Militants still hold Chinese hostages Islamic militants are still holding two Chinese engineers they kidnapped in Pakistan and have threatened to kill them if attacked by security forces, a member of a team seeking the captives #39; release said on Sunday.	0
Goosen brings a sparkle to the gloom With overnight rain causing a 2-hour delay to the start of play in the HSBC World Matchplay Championship at Wentworth, Retief Goosen did his bit to help to make up ground.	1
Mike Danton Sentenced to 7 1/2 Years Former St. Louis Blues Player Mike Danton Sentenced to 7 1/2 Years in Murder-For-Hire Plot. Bob Haar, attorney for former St. Louis Blues hockey player Michael Danton, talks with reporters after Danton was 	1
Olympus to Launch Hard Disc Portable Music Player  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese precision equipment maker  Olympus Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=7733.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;7733.T&lt;/A&gt; said on Wednesday it would launch a  portable music player equipped with a hard disc drive, entering  an increasingly crowded field now dominated by Apple Computer's  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt; iPod.	3
Personal Tech: HDTV Fast Forward columnist Rob Pegoraro will be online to talk about The Washington Post's special report on digital television.	3
Goodyear Sees Profit; Stock Up  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Goodyear Tire   Rubber Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GT.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday said it would report a third-quarter profit, reversing a  year-earlier loss, on higher prices for its products and  stronger sales.	2
Senator Says FDA Ignored Own Scientists on Vioxx The Food and Drug Administration ignored danger signals from its own scientists about Merck and Co. Inc. #39;s Vioxx painkiller, Sen. Charles Grassley told a hearing Thursday into the drug #39;s withdrawal in September.	2
Treasury Prices Up After Inflation Flat  CHICAGO (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices rose on Monday  after an inflation gauge favored by the Federal Reserve was  flat for July, suggesting no need for accelerated rate  increases by the Federal Reserve.	2
Fergie: I #39;ve been getting it all wrong Sir Alex Ferguson has admitted he must take his share of the blame for Manchester United #39;s stuttering start to the season, saying  #39;maybe at the moment I #39;m making too many changes to the team.	1
Frances Floods Florida, Leaves Four Dead FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Hurricane Frances' wind and water whacked swaths of Florida with fire-hose force Sunday, submerging entire roadways and tearing off rooftops before weakening to a tropical storm and crawling inland with heavy rain...	0
Everyone benefits from accountability It's a benefit to the investors (and, by the way, to the companies seeking venture capital) to have VC Fund performance out in the open (''State discloses venture results, quot; Aug. 25).	2
Gallacher clinches dunhill title Stephen Gallacher clinched his first win on the European Tour after edging out Graeme McDowell on the first play-off hole in the dunhill links Championship.	1
ND aide shaves her head to support Willingham The assistant to Notre Dame #39;s president has shaved her head to protest Tyrone Willingham #39;s firing as football coach, saying she will remain bald until the Irish win a national championship.	1
Cambodia is 6th Asian nation to detect bird flu PHNOM PENH Cambodia has detected its first outbreak of bird flu in chickens in recent months to become the sixth Asian nation to report a resurgence of the potentially fatal virus, officials said Wednesday.	0
Palestinians Pour Out Grief Over Arafat's Death  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinians streamed into  the streets of the West Bank and Gaza Strip on Thursday in an  outpouring of grief over the death of Yasser Arafat, the  enduring symbol of their nationalist cause.	0
US Court Rejects Movie, Music Makers' Piracy Claims (Reuters) Reuters - A federal appeals court on Thursday\delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major\movie studios and music companies, ruling that several online\file-sharing software companies are not liable for copyright\infringement.	3
Utah expansion team selects under-17 coach Ellinger Utah #39;s Major League Soccer team hired former US Under-17 coach John Ellinger to coach the new team when it begins play next spring.	1
Haiti Accused of Making Illegal Arrests (AP) AP - Human rights violations common under the government of ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide still exist under Haiti's new U.S.-backed regime, a leading human rights lawyer said Friday.	0
Favre, Packers pummel Rams CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Quarterback Brett Favre celebrated his 200th straight start with three touchdown passes as the Green Bay Packers defeated the St.	1
Bears anxious to try out Couch Couch, 27, has sat idle since being released Sept. 5 by the Green Bay Packers, who signed him June 14 to a one-year contract. Couch was cut June 9 by the Cleveland Browns after refusing to accept a 60 per cent pay cut.	1
Stoudemire Scores 50 Points in Suns' Win (AP) AP - Amare Stoudemire scored 50 points to lead Phoenix to a 117-98 win over Portland on Sunday night.	1
Reds score five runs off John Smoltz in ninth inning to beat &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; John Smoltz is used to closing out games for the Atlanta Braves. Blowing saves is something he #39;s not accustomed to.  quot;It #39;s a shock to your system, quot; he said.	1
Israel Warns Syria on Deadly Bus Blasts JERUSALEM - Israeli leaders warned Syria on Wednesday that it bears the blame for a double suicide bombing by Hamas militants because it harbors the group's leadership, and they hinted at possible retaliation.    In a first response to Tuesday's attack that killed 16 people in a southern Israeli city, Israeli troops blew up the home of one of the bombers and isolated the West Bank city of Hebron, where the attackers lived...	0
Users: Information life-cycle management standards needed IT managers at this week's ILM Solutions Conference said information life-cycle strategies are still a work in progress.	3
Dow heeds warnings Negative pre-announcements from Colgate and Unilever hurt industrials. Fed rate news on tap Tuesday. By Alexandra Twin, CNN/Money Staff Writer.	2
Rebel Leader Says Haiti Must Meet Demands (AP) AP - A rebel leader said Tuesday that Haiti's U.S.-backed interim government must meet demands to rebuild the storm-devastated city of Gonaives or face a revolt like that which drove out President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.	0
PC Sales Suffer a Setback (PC World) PC World - Dell remains on top of the worldwide market, research shows.	3
Red Devils about to confront the Gunners Don #39;t look for Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger to sit down for a drink after today #39;s critical showdown between Manchester United and Arsenal.	1
United Online Cuts Full-Year Subscriber Goals (Reuters) Reuters - United Online Inc. , a\low-cost Internet service provider, on Monday reported\disappointing growth in quarterly revenue and subscribers, and\cut its full-year subscriber target for the second time in\three months, sending shares as much as 7 percent lower.	3
Defence firms cash in on war on terror The increased spending on the military helped drive a sharp increase in profits at plane-maker Boeing and defence contractor Northrop Grumman during the third quarter.	2
Ashado wins Breeders #39; Distaff Ashado bulled her way into contention on the turn for home and went on to win Saturday #39;s \$2 million Breeders #39; Cup Distaff by 1 1/4 lengths in track-record time.	1
Muslim Efforts To Release British Hostage Yield Results This week, a delegation of British Muslims returned from a high profile effort to secure the release of a British hostage, civilian Kenneth Bigley, held in Iraq since September 16th.	0
UK considering Iran nuclear agreement The British government is considering a provisional agreement over Iran #39;s nuclear activities, a Foreign Office spokesman said Monday.	0
Junk food adverts 'face TV ban' Television adverts for unhealthy foods would not be shown until after 9pm, under a plan before the government.	0
More than 700 Wisconsin residents haven #39;t received tax refund MILWAUKEE - More than 700 Wisconsin residents haven #39;t received federal tax refunds worth a total of more than \$479,000 because the checks were returned to the Internal Revenue Service as undeliverable.	2
Incoming CEO: Father figure Duffield back at the helm (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - If there's a spirit that defines the many quirks and complexities of Pleasanton software company PeopleSoft, it emanates from its founder and once-again chief executive officer, David A. Duffield.	3
Italy Faces Strike Day Against Tax Cuts 'For Rich'  ROME (Reuters) - Italy's factories, trains, banks and  planes will come to a standstill for hours Tuesday as unions  stage a general strike to protest at plans for tax cuts they  say will help the rich and cost the public sector.	0
Liverpool prepares for life without Gerrard Liverpool, England (Sports Network) - Liverpool will take the field Saturday against Norwich without the familiar face of captain Steven Gerrard there to guide them.	1
Juve on top as Messina shock Milan ROME, Italy -- Juventus increased their advantage at the top of Serie A with a 2-0 victory over Sampdoria in Genoa on Wednesday to extend their 100 per cent start to the season.	1
Russian Government Approves Kyoto, Sends to Parliament (Reuters) Reuters - Russia's government approved the Kyoto\Protocol on Thursday and sent the climate change pact to the\State Duma, the lower house of parliament, for ratification.	0
Italy seeks Libya migrant deal Italy's leader Berlusconi heads for Libya to discuss how to stem the flow of migrants trying to reach Italy.	0
West Virginia in a rush to win Rasheed Marshall set a Big East career rushing mark for quarterbacks and threw three touchdown passes while leading No. 15 West Virginia over Syracuse, 27-6, last night.	1
Cisco Joins MIT Media Lab Consortium RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK - Cisco Systems, an avid supporter of MIT, has joined the MIT Media Labs Digital Life consortium as a sponsor.	3
Young Wildcats receive the spanking on Initiation Day Initiation Day concluded with the older guys raising their arms to provoke adoration and the younger guys walking away, heads lowered, shirts and egos untucked.	1
South Korea to Pick Country #39;s First 2 Astronauts South Korea will pick its first two astronauts next year for a space trip by 2007, the science ministry said Sunday, after Russia agreed to help the country #39;s space program.	3
Delta selling eight planes to FedEx ATLANTA -- Delta Air Lines Inc. is selling eight jumbo jets to shipping giant FedEx Corp. The nation #39;s third-largest airline, which has warned of the possibility of a bankruptcy filing, said Thursday the agreement 	2
Palestinians Cheer 'Superstar' Contestant (AP) AP - Worn down by four years of bloody conflict with Israel, Palestinians found a welcome diversion Sunday: watching Ammar Hassan, one of their own, compete for the title of best singer in the Arab world.	0
Half-Life 2 is here Valve #39;s long-awaited shooter sequel available for paid download through Steam service; retail purchasers #39; copies authenticating online.	3
Microsoft Trims Next Windows Server Release (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Executives with the Redmond software vendor vow they will deliver the 'R2' Windows Server release in 2005. But to do so, they are pushing back some features.	3
Schroeder May Lose Elections in Four German States (Update2) German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder #39;s Social Democratic Party is likely to lose elections in four of Germany #39;s 16 states this month as voters protest welfare cuts and rising unemployment, according to opinion polls.	0
Three Iraqi Policemen Killed in Baghdad Bombings In simultaneous blasts, insurgents detonated two car bombs Saturday at a police station near the fortified headquarters of the US Embassy and interim Iraqi 	0
Microsoft Unveils Version of Music Store (AP) AP - On the face of things, Microsoft Corp.'s online music service looks a lot like the market leader, Apple Computer Inc.'s iTunes.	3
Funds: Choose 529 plans wisely (Clint Willis is a freelance writer who covers mutual funds for Reuters. Any opinions in the column are solely those of Mr. Willis.	2
Second bomb threat on Greek plane A Greek passenger jet bound for New York made an emergency landing in Ireland yesterday after a warning that a bomb was about to explode on board.	0
Microsoft introduces Data Protection Server The data protection server is designed to simplify and reduce the backup and recovery process for businesses.	3
Germany Set to Hand Hamburg Qaeda Suspect to Spain Germany has cleared the way for the extradition to Spain of an Arab businessman long accused by the United States of financing al Qaeda and investigated 	0
Drop in Oil Nudges Shares Higher on a Quiet Trading Day Stocks rallied in quiet trading, as oil prices fell for a fourth consecutive day and a pair of government reports gave a mixed picture of the economy.	2
Nokia delivers 3G network expansion to MTC in Bahrain (AFP) AFP - Nokia, the world's largest mobile phone maker, said it would provide telecom network equipment to MTC in Bahrain with the aim of rolling out third generation 3G mobile services across the Gulf state by the end of 2004.	3
Belgian ECB board member warns over euro #39;s rise Brussels - Belgium #39;s central bank chief and European Central Bank (ECB) board member Guy Quaden added his voice Tuesday to those warning of the surging value of the euro.	2
Martinez's Series Win Has Boston Buzzing (AP) AP - He has been loved and revered, maligned and smeared.	1
Russian oil company problems likely to affect global oil prices ELEANOR HALL: The high price of oil is already threatening global economic growth, but that price could yet be pushed higher by events in Russia.	2
Dell to make house calls The PC maker is eyeing in-home services to go with its new consumer electronics line.	3
Building a better turkey through biotech Most of the turkeys gracing the nation #39;s dinner tables Thursday have been selectively bred for their white meat for so many generations that simply walking 	3
Intel admits Itanium pains, plots server future &lt;strong&gt;IDF Fall '04&lt;/strong&gt; Welcome Whitefield	3
Studios to sue net movie swappers Hollywood film studios are to sue people who swap pirated copies of films over the internet. The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) said the civil suits would seek damages of up to \$30,000 (16,300) per film.	3
Henry favoured for FIFA award Thierry Henry, Ronaldinho and Andrei Shevchenko are set to fight it out for the honour of being named as the FIFA World Player of the Year next month.	1
Airport wall collapse kills eight workers A huge wall collapsed at an unfinished terminal at Dubai airport yesterday, killing at least eight workers and injuring more. Workers saw up to 40 casualties being taken away.	0
GIANTS 9, DODGERS 5 Grand Slam by Feliz Lifts Giants #39; Postseason &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Giants showed on Saturday that they can win even the biggest games without Barry Bonds #39;s bat. Pedro Feliz hit a tie-breaking grand slam with two outs 	1
Turkish company withdraws from Iraq to save hostage Turkey #39;s Renay International Transportation Company announced to withdraw from Iraq on Sunday, after one of its employees was kidnapped in Iraq Saturday, Anatolia News Agency reported.	0
Papal Solidarity Offered for Iraqi Catholics After New Attacks VATICAN CITY, DEC. 8, 2004 (Zenit.org).- John Paul II expressed his closeness to Iraqi Catholics shaken by two new terrorist attacks which destroyed an Armenian-Catholic church and the Chaldean bishop #39;s palace in Mosul.	0
AMD improved Opterons with PowerNow feature AMD #39;s Opteron processors will soon be able to take advantage of the same powermanagement technology the company has already built into its desktop and laptop processors.	3
Think tanks see no eurozone rate change Nine leading think tanks in the eurozone have predicted that interest rates will stay unchanged for six months. The forecast comes from a new  quot;Euroframe quot; outlook, in which Ireland #39;s Economic and Social Research Institute is one of the institutes involved.	2
US NBA stars advance by ousting Spain (AFP) AFP - Stephon Marbury scored 31 points and the United States defeated Spain 102-94 in a pressure-packed Olympic men's basketball quarter-final to keep alive their hopes of a gold medal.	1
Three Senators Consider Bids for Governor According to fellow lawmakers and an advisor, Senator Christopher J. Dodd is considering running for governor of Connecticut in 2006.	0
Russian Expects Vote on Kyoto Treaty (AP) AP - Russia's parliament is moving toward a vote this month on the Kyoto Protocol, action that could bring the international treaty on climate change into effect after years of delay, the deputy prime minister said Monday.	0
From: Tom Maheras, Head of Global Capital Markets, GCIB In August, our European government bond trading desk executed an innovative transaction that sought to access the liquidity in the European government bond markets.	2
Producing for the region For the first time in years, manufacturing may be one of the best places to look for a job in Northwest Indiana. Durable goods manufacturing and services will have the best job prospects in 	2
Pfizer Sales to Be Hurt in Next 2 Years NEW YORK - Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer Inc. reiterated Tuesday it would meet its 2004 earnings target but said over the next two years it would lose \$14 billion in revenues because of patent expirations.	2
Trade Gap Narrows Thanks to Weak Dollar  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. trade deficit narrowed  sharply in September, aided by a slide in the value of the  dollar, which helped push exports to record levels, a  government report showed on Wednesday.	2
Russian Town Mourns As Putin Vows Fight BESLAN, Russia Sept. 5, 2004 - Wails of mourning echoed through the streets of this southern Russian town on Sunday, and the region #39;s top police officer reportedly resigned in the wake of the school hostage 	0
Moya helps Spain draw first blood CARLOS Moya fired Spain into a 1-0 lead over the United States in the Davis Cup final yesterday. In front of a record tennis crowd of 27,200, the former world No 1 bamboozled Mardy Fish 6-4, 6-2, 6-3 at Seville #39;s Olympic Stadium.	1
Bank of America to Cut 4,500 More Jobs Bank of America Corp. (BAC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it would increase the number of jobs it will cut by 36 percent to 17,000 after its acquisition of FleetBoston Financial as it simplifies operations.	2
Philly Plans to Become One Big Hot Spot (PC World) PC World - City will build the world's largest mesh Wi-Fi network to spread Internet access.	3
SunGard to spin off its disaster business SunGard, which provides software and services to top financial companies, said Monday that it would spin off its disaster data recovery business into a separate publicly traded company through a tax-free distribution of shares.	2
Miss World beauties defend relevance of contest (AFP) AFP - Miss World contestants united in defending the pageant's relevance and angrily denied it degraded women.	0
This Date in Baseball (AP) AP - 1908  #151; In a crucial game with the Chicago Cubs, Fred Merkle of the New York Giants failed to touch second base as the apparent winning run crossed home plate. This resulted in a great dispute and the game was eventually declared a tie and played over on Oct. 8 after the Cubs and Giants ended the season in a tie.	1
Kazaa offers unlimited free Internet calls Sharman Networks Ltd., distributor of the Kazaa file-sharing software, has launched its latest version which enables users to make free online calls anywhere in the world.	3
Kevin Spacey #39;s Darin biopic hits Toronto festival Late music legend Bobby Darin has taken centre stage at the Toronto International Film Festival with the world premiere of  quot;Beyond the Sea, quot; Kevin Spacey #39;s impassioned biopic of the  quot;Mack the Knife quot; singer.	3
Drugs penalty too soft CHELSEA has reacted furiously to Adrian Mutu #39;s seven-month ban for failing a drugs test. Blues chief executive Peter Kenyon accused the Football Association of going soft on the sacked Romania striker, who was also fined \$50,000.	1
Ten including 5 Indian troops killed in Kashmir violence SRINAGAR (India held-Kashmir): Five Indian army personnel including a Captain were killed and 45 others injured when a car packed with explosives rammed into an army convoy in Baramulla district Saturday.	0
Wing failure costs Lopez second place at Monza Jose Maria Lopez lost what would have been the best result of his rookie FIA F3000 season when he was pitched into a spectacular accident after his front wing fell off.	1
Abbey sale means 5m for Arnold Luqman Arnold, chief executive of Abbey National, is likely to walk away with 5.2m if the bank is sold to Banco Santander Central Hispano.	2
Is Open Source Imperative? (TechWeb) TechWeb - LinuxWorld speakers say Linux is ready for you; be ready for it.	3
Hewlett-Packard takes another stab at software Hewlett-Packard is returning to a software market where it suffered one of its worst defeats. But this time, the company has open-source software as its ally.	3
Google Wins Trademark Victory Over GEICO A federal judge on Wednesday handed online search engine Google Inc. (GOOG.O: Quote, Profile, Research) a victory in a trademark infringement case on Wednesday, ruling 	2
Cheney: Jobs Best Solution for Povery (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney, asked Friday what he and President Bush would do to help the working poor, said "the best solution for poverty is a job" and contended their tax policies would help small businesses create more of them.	0
EU Agrees to Lift All Sanctions on Libya  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union has agreed to  implement last year's U.N. decision to lift economic sanctions  on Libya as well as ending its arms embargo on the North  African country, diplomats said on Wednesday.	0
Tree traditions Soon, Linda Anderson and members of her family will bundle up and make the annual trip to the Christmas tree farm in search of a tree.	2
US Online Sales To Top \$300 Billion By 2010 Forrester Research projects US online retail sales will more than double over the next six years, reaching \$316 billion by 2010. According to a new report from Forrester Research, Inc.	3
BC plugging the gaps Boston College, which is organizing a youth movement on its offensive line, is counting on sophomores Shadu Moore and Jim Marten. They are young, but don't be surprised if the talented underclassmen block everything Penn State throws at them Saturday night at Alumni Stadium in the Eagles' home opener.	1
( 3) Miami 41 (18) Louisville 38 MIAMI Frank Gore scored the winning touchdown on a one-yard run with 49 seconds left as third-ranked Miami rallied to beat number-18 Louisville 41-to-38 at the Orange Bowl.	1
WTO paves way for retaliatory tariffs on US goods GENEVA - The World Trade Organization on Friday approved lists of US products on which Japan, five other countries and the European Union plan to levy punitive tariffs in retaliation for a US failure to repeal an illegal antidumping measure.	2
House Ethics Panel Says DeLay Tried to Trade Favor for a Vote A panel admonished Representative Tom DeLay for improperly trying to win the vote of a lawmaker during a floor fight over a bill.	0
House may vote on spyware bill next week WASHINGTON - The US House of Representatives will vote as soon as next week on a measure to crack down on deceptive spyware that hides in users computers and secretly monitors their activities, key lawmakers said on Wednesday.	3
Notre Dame does deserve credit for ending hypocrisy In the wake of the uproar over the news that Notre Dame had fired football coach Tyrone Willingham, this headline appeared on the Internet.	1
Texas Officials Wary of Plan to Hunt by Internet (Reuters) Reuters - Hunters soon may be able to sit at\their computers and blast away at animals on a Texas ranch via\the Internet, a prospect that has state wildlife officials up\in arms.	3
Jakarta suspects key terror suspect over bombing A car bomb attack outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta on Thursday bears all the hallmarks of a Malaysian terror suspect who is a senior member of an al Qaeda-linked group, Indonesia #39;s police chief said.	0
Blast at Thai fireworks factory kills 14 BANGKOK - Fourteen people were killed and five injured yesterday in an explosion at a fireworks factory in Thailand #39;s ancient capital Ayuthya, officials and witnesses said.	0
Yankees See New Chance to Make Deal for Johnson Two agents said that the Yankees were on the verge of acquiring Randy Johnson from the Arizona Diamondbacks.	1
Labor Memo Suggests Bush to Win Election (AP) AP - Labor Department staff, analyzing statistics from private economists, report in an internal memo that President Bush is likely to do "much better" in Tuesday's election than the polls are predicting.	0
After Blogs Got Hits, CBS Got a Black Eye Scott Johnson, a lawyer in Mendota Heights, Minn., put up his first post at 7:51 a.m. on Sept. 9. By the time he got to his Minneapolis office, he had dozens of e-mail responses.	3
U.S. Funds Chat-Room Surveillance Study (AP) AP - Amid the torrent of jabber in Internet chat rooms  #151; flirting by QTpie and BoogieBoy, arguments about politics and horror flicks  #151; are terrorists plotting their next move?	3
Sinclair Sued by Filmmaker Over Kerry Photos (Reuters) Reuters - The director of a documentary about\John Kerry's Vietnam service sued Sinclair Broadcast Group on\Thursday, accusing it of illegally copying his photographs in a\controversial anti-Kerry movie it plans to air portions of this\week.	0
Hijackers seize Athens bus Two armed hijackers are holding 26 people hostage on board a Greek bus after seizing it near the capital Athens. Police are surrounding the bus stopped between Marathon and the capital.	0
mmO2 Plans Europe #39;s Fastest 3G Wireless Network British mobile telecom operator mm02 will launch a high-speed mobile broadband service in 2005. Users will be able to download videos and music, and send large e-mail attachments at speeds 	3
Standout safety tore Achilles tendon LAKE FOREST, Ill. -- Chicago Bears safety Mike Brown will miss the rest of the season after tearing his right Achilles tendon in a victory over Green Bay, coach Lovie Smith said Monday.	1
HP Rolls Out Ultra-Low Priced PC in China (Reuters) Reuters - Hewlett-Packard Co. , the\world's number-two PC maker, said on Friday it has launched a\3,999 yuan ( #36;483) computer in China, turning up the heat in the\intensely competitive market.	3
Henman Crushes Coria to Keep Masters Hopes Alive  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Britain's Tim Henman pounded Argentine  Guillermo Coria 6-2, 6-2 Thursday to keep alive his hopes of  reaching the Masters Cup semi-finals.	1
European Group Seeks Ways to Prosecute Cybercrime By ROBERT WIELAARD    STRASBOURG, France (AP) -- Governments and private sector officials from around the world sought ways Thursday to jointly combat cybercrime, whose growth mirrors the phenomenal rise of the Internet's popularity.    At a conference organized by the Council of Europe, delegates from Europe, the United States, Australia and China digested new data pointing to an increasing problem of global proportions: How can national law stop those who commit fraud, spread racism, steal credit card numbers or sell child pornography worldwide, nonstop and just about anonymously?    On top of that, while fraud and copyright infringements remain the lion's share of cybercrime, there is rising concern about terrorists going online to spread more than just propaganda...	3
VeriSign dealt another legal blow in ICANN suit VeriSign Inc. lost another round in its battle against the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) on Thursday when a US federal judge dismissed the 	3
Spitzer: Marsh may face more than \$500 million penalty NEW YORK New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer says the price for settling state charges of collusion and bid rigging by the nation #39;s largest insurance broker could be  quot;far higher quot; than 500 (m) million dollars.	2
Cabrera Leads Red Sox Past Blue Jays 5-4 BOSTON - Orlando Cabrera hit a run-scoring double off the Green Monster in the ninth inning on reliever Justin Speier's second pitch of the game, giving the Boston Red Sox a 5-4 win over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night.    Pinch-hitter Dave Roberts drew a leadoff walk in the ninth and was forced out at second base on Johnny Damon's grounder off Kevin Frederick (0-2)...	0
Yen Firms Ahead of Greenspan, U.S. GDP (Reuters) Reuters - The yen firmed against the dollar on\Friday, after dipping on a surprise rise in Japan's\unemployment rate, as investors grew cautious ahead of U.S.\growth data and a speech by the Federal Reserve chief.	2
Nokia unveils near field communication product Nokia has unveiled the Nokia NFC (near field communication) shell, which allows consumers to access services and exchange information with a touch gesture using NFC technology - a technology that emerged from the combination of contactless identification 	3
Glaus goes to Diamondbacks The Arizona Diamondbacks moved quickly to get a righthanded power hitter with their first free agent signing in what they promise will be a busy offseason.	1
Update 4: Companies Told to Start Expensing Options The nation #39;s accounting rulemaker decided Thursday that companies will have to begin deducting the value of stock options from their profits next year, reigning in a cheap way to compensate workers that had been abused by executives and clouded earnings.	2
Cards Top Pirates 5-3 to Sweep Twinbill (AP) AP - Scott Rolen became the third St. Louis player to hit 30 homers this season and Chris Carpenter set a career best with his 13th win, leading the Cardinals over the Pittsburgh Pirates 5-3 Friday night to complete a day-night doubleheader sweep.	1
Planes  #39;blown up by terrorists #39;  quot;Both planes were destroyed as the result of terrorist acts, quot; spokesman Lt Gen Andrei Fetisov told the Itar-Tass news agency.	0
Microstrategy President and CFO Resigns MicroStrategy, which makes business\intelligence software, said Tuesday that Eric Brown resigned as\president and chief financial officer in order to become CFO at\McAfee Inc. which makes system security products.	3
Dollar hit by investment fears THE dollar was weaker yesterday, although off its lows, after the release of capital flows data that suggest foreign demand for US assets could be waning.	2
Jaguar leave the paddock Jaguar have announced that they will pull out of Formula One at the end of the year. Joe Greenwell, company chairman and chief executive, said that revealed financial reasons were behind the company #39;s decision to end interest in the sport.	1
Henry happy as Gunners, Blues draw LONDON (AFP) - Arsenal striker Thierry Henry was happy enough with a 2-2 draw against Chelsea here at Highbury yesterday despite twice putting the champions ahead only to see the Premiership leaders draw level each time.	1
Cancellation is a serious blow to fans, host city Few hockey purists will bemoan Wednesday #39;s announcement that the National Hockey League has cancelled the 2005 All-Star Game in Atlanta.	1
Omar escapes attempt on life Militants on Sunday made a bid on the life of former minister of state for external affairs and National Conference president Omar Abdullah when they exploded an improvised explosive device in Anantnag in south Kashmir.	0
List of 2004 MacArthur Foundation Fellows (AP) AP - The list of 23 fellows announced by the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation. Each will receive  #36;500,000 over five years:	3
LATEST FUTURES NEWS Oil prices fell 3.5 percent to a three-month low on Tuesday as mild winter weather sapped heating oil demand in the US Northeast. US light crude settled down \$1.52 at \$41.46 a barrel 	2
Africa must be heard in the councils of the rich OXFORD, England Rich countries are ardent advocates for democracy all around the world. But when it comes to the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank, government of the many by the few is the preferred option.	2
Tax inquiry hits Hilfiger shares Clothing maker Tommy Hilfiger suffered a mauling on Wall Street yesterday after disclosing it was the subject of a federal investigation that analysts said appeared to focus on tax avoidance.	2
The War Spirit Putin makes an unexpected concession to public demands--and then moves to bolster his powers significantly. ULYANOVSK, Russia--A week after the shock of the Beslan tragedy, President Vladimir Putin, a man 	0
UEFA Cup champ takes Super Cup with 2-1 victory over Porto UEFA Cup holders Valencia beat European champion Porto 2-1 to win the Super Cup at Monaco #39;s Stade Louis II on Friday. Midfielder Vicente laid on both Valencia goals with Ruben Baraja heading 	1
Typhoon Meari leaves 16 dead, 12 missing Typhoon Meari swept across Japan Thursday, leaving 16 people dead and 12 missing in the country #39;s worst storm of the year. Casualties were especially high in four prefectures 	0
New species of monkey found in India A species of monkey unknown to science has been discovered in Arunachal Pradesh, according to the New York-based Wildlife Conservation Society.	3
Summary: Basics of Climate Change, Pacts (AP) AP - A brief look at elements of climate change and the international agreements to deal with it:	3
British minister sees Iraq vote on schedule British Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon, who visited troops in Iraq today, said he saw no reason to delay next month #39;s election as preparations are on track.	0
Indian Policeman Kills Seven Colleagues in Kashmir (Reuters) Reuters - A policeman ran amok at a\security camp in Indian-controlled Kashmir after an argument\and shot dead seven colleagues before he was gunned down,\police said on Sunday.	0
Worried About Missing Your Favorite Show? Just Pull Out Your Cell &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Texas Instruments, a company well-known for its calculators, says it has developed a computer chip that will let television fans watch their favorite shows on cellular phones.	3
Fines Handed Down for Pre-Game Fight in Cleveland (Reuters) Reuters - The National Football League\handed down  #36;10,000 fines on Tuesday to linebacker Joey Porter\of the Steelers and running back William Green of the Browns\for their parts in a pre-game fight this past Sunday.	1
Linux 10 times more expensive? Get the facts, watchdog tells &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Microsoft recently launched a  #39;Get the Facts #39; ad campaign telling consumers Linux isn #39;t cheaper than Windows. The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) thinks they should get the facts too - but it #39;s warned Microsoft to make sure theirs straight first.	3
China set for surge in car sales The number of cars on China's roads is set to rise sevenfold to 140 million by 2020, according to government forecasts.	2
Russia Working on New Generation Atomic Bomb Russian President Vladimir Putin has announced that they are working on a new generation of atomic bomb, which no other country has or can get.	0
WILLIAMS TO UNDERGO KNEE OP Williams injured the knee in practice Friday, and an MRI revealed that he had a tear to the lateral meniscus. A timetable for Williams #39; return will not be determined until after he has the surgery to repair the damaged cartilage.	1
Clash of the superheroes Marvel Enterprises, IP guardian of The Hulk and untold other fictional freaks, is suing the creators of the hot online game "City of Heroes," claiming that characters in the game are virtually identical to Marvel characters. Missing Links	3
Safin back in form and hungry for Houston A change of coach and a change of attitude have helped Marat Safin return to peak form and the Russian number one is now aiming at the Masters Cup with real optimism.	1
Report: Militants Demand Cleric's Release (AP) AP - A militant group claiming to have kidnapped two Indonesian women demanded Jakarta free a Muslim cleric accused of heading an al-Qaida-linked group, the Arab news station Al-Jazeera reported Saturday. But the cleric said he wanted no such thing.	0
Merger #39;s effect on SpectraSite likely  #39;not a major negative #39; SpectraSite isn #39;t in the room, but the Cary company could have much at stake in the merger talks between Nextel and Sprint. The two mobile-phone companies are discussing a 	2
Simple Telescopes Discover New Planet (AP) AP - Astronomers using telescopes not much larger than the spyglass Galileo wielded 400 years ago have discovered a new Jupiter-sized planet orbiting a bright, distant star.	3
Mini lab offers on the spot tests The research arm of the MoD has come up with a portable lab that can used by vets, doctors and the food industry.	3
Attacks cut Iraq #39;s oil exports in half: report Oil exports from Iraq have been cut in half by a series of well-orchestrated attacks, officials said Thursday, but the news failed to have any immediate impact on oil prices.	0
Experts Worry About Missing Iraqi Arms (AP) AP - Revelations that nearly 400 tons of conventional explosives have disappeared in Iraq have experts worrying that other weapons might also be in jeopardy of falling into insurgent or terrorist hands.	0
MR. WATCHDOG Plan ahead to protect interests Here #39;s what consumers ought to know about flying on the dominant airline for much of the Carolinas. Q. Will US Airways keep flying if the airline files again for bankruptcy?	2
School #39;s 151-win streak ends They did what no high school football team in the last 12 years had been able to do. It was the little-known Bellevue (Wash.) Wolverines that ended the greatest streak in high school sports 	1
Dollar Trims Gains After Fed Hikes Rates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar pared gains on Tuesday  after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the fifth  time this year, as expected, but quashed hopes for more  aggressive rate tightening.	2
Dogs get revenge, dismantle LSU Athens -- In one incredibly thorough dismantling of LSU Saturday before a raucously red crowd at Sanford Stadium, Georgia exacted revenge on the team that beat it twice last season, validating its ranking as one of the nation #39;s best teams.	1
NASA inspector indicted A former NASA quality inspector tasked with checking maintenance work on parts for the space shuttle Discovery will be arraigned Friday on federal charges that he failed to conduct 83  quot;critical quot; inspections in late 2002 and 2003, federal 	3
Small Business, Ill-Defined You may not have heard my name mentioned, but I was a hot item of discussion during the Bush-Kerry debates. How can that be, given that the words  quot;Allan Sloan quot; passed the lips of neither Kerry nor Bush?	2
Typhoon lashes southern Japan; 8 dead TOKYO -- Heavy rain fueled by a typhoon lashed southern Japan, leaving eight people dead and causing landslides and blackouts, officials said Thursday. Two people were missing. 	0
Iraq Mobile Network Brings Benefits and Bombs  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqis hail their mobile phone network  as one of the few achievements in the country's reconstruction,  but the technology is also being used to detonate bombs that  cause daily death and destruction.	3
News: 419ers take Aussie financial advisor for AU\$1m A Melbourne financial manager faces a hefty prison sentence after stealing AU\$1m from his clients and handing it over to Nigerian advance fee fraudsters.\	3
Coors Talks of Profit-Sharing Agreement with Molson The Adolph Coors brewery says it could force Molson to brew Coors Light in Canada for 10 years -- without a profit-sharing agreement.	2
Italian hostages reported killed in Iraq killing of two Americans, as the latest hostage crisis put pressure on governments with troops in Iraq. employers in Italy said they had not given up hope.	0
Stocks to Watch Monday  INGRAM MICRO INC. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IM.N&lt;/A&gt;:	2
459 Net song-swappers sued LONDON: The piracy-battered music industry said on Thursday it will sue British, French and Austrian music fans for the first time as it intensifies its legal crackdown on Internet song-swappers.	3
Rank May Exit Movie Business, Sell Unit, After Losses (Update4) Rank Group Plc, a UK distributor of movies for half a century, plans to exit the film industry after losses at its DVD and cinema production business.	2
Absence of linguistic skills could hamper thinking ability Not being part of a culture with a highly developed language, could limit your thoughts, at least as far as numbers are concerned, reveals a new study conducted by a psychologist at the Columbia University in New York.	3
Wins over division rivals force The last may not be first in the NFL, but the seconds became first in several league cities by the end of the day Sunday. Both the Green Bay Packers and St.	1
Briefly: Google tests Froogle in U.K. roundup Plus: Senate postpones vote on file-swapping bill...HP may expand Puerto Rican research...HP also uses Hitachi drives in servers, storage...Microsoft boosts reporting tools.	3
Securities industry boots Quattrone Former star banker barred by the NASD for refusal to testify in obstruction of justice probe. NEW YORK (Reuters) - The NASD said Monday it permanently barred former star banker Frank Quattrone from the securities 	2
A time of testing for global democracy Votes this month could mark advances in the Middle East, but history shows that democracy requires time, commitment.	0
UPDATE 2-Inter and Milan fail to take advantaqe Title hopefuls AC Milan and Inter Milan were held to draws in Serie A on Sunday failing to take full advantage of leaders Juventus #39; first defeat of the season.	1
UN Weighs Situation in Burundi Following Massacre  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council met in  emergency session concerning Burundi on Sunday following the  massacre of more than 150 Tutsi Congolese refugees at a camp in  western Burundi.	0
When Beethoven plays, it #39;s time to take note of the BIOS Whether I #39;m on the Internet or not, there is a noise that comes out of my computer like a cat crying. That #39;s not a cat. It #39;s supposed to be Beethoven.	3
Reid opens his Ireland account Wanted man Andy Reid did his market value no harm by grabbing his first Republic of Ireland goal against Bulgaria at Lansdowne Road tonight. 	1
Heat #39;s winning streak stretches to six  quot;It #39;s a great question, quot; he said after his team somehow escaped with a 98-93 victory Wednesday night over the Washington Wizards.	1
New EarthLink Mac software fights phishing scams (MacCentral) MacCentral - Internet Service Provider (ISP) EarthLink on Monday launched TotalAccess 2005 for Macintosh, a new version of the access software EarthLink offers its subscribers. It works with EarthLink's broadband and dialup services and is available for download now. ...	3
Saturn Moon #39;s Mysteries Deepen Oct. 27, 2004 Humanity #39;s first look at the largest piece of unexplored real estate in the solar system raised more questions than answers among scientists on the Cassini Saturn project.	3
IBM, Honda deliver in-car speech-recognition navigation system IBM and Honda have jointly developed a hands-free and natural sounding in-vehicle speech-recognition system that will be offered as standard equipment on the 2005 Acura RL.	3
Oil Extends Slide After Stockbuild Drop (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices continued falling on\Thursday after an unexpectedly large rise in U.S. crude\inventories spurred profit-taking from record highs.	2
Microsoft taps European expertise in research BRUSSELS - European researchers lead the field in a number of key areas for the future development of computer science and play a crucial role in Microsoft Corp.'s research activities, according to senior company staff speaking at an innovation fair here on Thursday.	3
Asem forum to promote co-operation between continents HANOI: Eight years after its inception, the Asia-Europe Meeting (Asem) is moving towards becoming a strong platform for promoting more tangible co-operation between the two continents.	0
Slowing H2 chip sales to hit 2005's growth - report Cause: softening in notebook PC and mobile phone demand	3
Supreme Court to Hear ISP, Cable Dispute (AP) AP - The Supreme Court said Friday it will consider whether Internet providers should be allowed to sell their high-speed service over the cable television system.	3
Halo 2 an Immediate Success The long awaiting video game, Halo 2, hit shelves this week with an expected take of \$80 million in first day sales. The Xbox game by Bungie Studios (acquired by Microsoft due to the success of the first Halo 	3
Wind and Nuclear Power -- a Generation Gap? (Reuters) Reuters - In this north German town\a huge crane is helping to build the world's largest wind power\plant, a prototype for offshore wind farms from 2006.	3
More data requested on Vioxx successor Merck  amp; Co., which withdrew the Vioxx painkiller last month because of a heart risk, said yesterday that US regulators have asked for more safety data before they will approve the medicine #39;s successor, Arcoxia.	2
ABC gulps down a promo-seltzer An ABC-TV cross-promotion on  quot;Monday Night Football quot; for the new series  quot;Desperate Housewives quot; worked a little too well, so the network apologized all over itself yesterday.	1
Brazil to break Aids drug patents Brazil says it intends to copy patented anti-Aids drugs without permission from next year.	2
YAHOO! and OMD Reveal Study Depicting Life Without the Internet Yahoo! Inc. (Nasdaq:YHOO - News), a leading global Internet company, and OMD, the world #39;s leading media agency*, today unveiled the findings of an Internet Deprivation Study examining consumers #39; media habits 	3
One flight from \$15m prize LOS ANGELES - A private spacecraft is to shoot beyond Earth #39;s atmosphere for the second time in a week today in a bid to win a US\$10 million (\$15 million) prize and prove that space is open for business.	3
Jobless Claims Rise on Hurricanes  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The number of Americans seeking  initial jobless benefits jumped by 18,000 last week, the  government said on Thursday, but it attributed the entire rise  to the effects of hurricanes that have battered the southern  United States.	2
NHL plans to reject the players #39; latest proposal The NHL plans to reject the players #39; association #39;s latest collective bargaining agreement proposal today in Toronto, and the 2004-05 season appears destined for cancellation.	1
History says Redskins defeat the end for Bush Washington - The Washington Redskins has lost to the Green Pay Packers on Sunday and thus, according to a sporting legend that has proved eerily accurate, President George Bush is bound to lose the White House.	1
Mystery Lingers: Whereabouts of His Hidden Fortune Yasir Arafat personally controlled several billion dollars for the Palestinian movement, and no one else knows where it all is.	0
France, seeking to calm tensions in Ivory coast, plays down Gbagbo role (AFP) AFP - In an attempt to ease tensions in the Ivory Coast, France has opted not to point the finger of blame at President Laurent Gbagbo for the violence that has roiled the country in the past week.	0
IBM puts faith in smart tags IBM plans to announce that it will invest \$US250 million (\$350million) over five years and employ 1000 people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks and radio identification tags.	3
Wireless Networking FCC Gives Nod to Cingular-AT amp;T Wireless Merger The FCC #39;s wireless telecommunications bureau has recommended clearing Cingular #39;s buyout of AT amp;T Wireless with only minimal divestitures from the two companies.	3
Avery Johnson returning to Mavs Dallas, TX (Sports Network) - The Dallas Mavericks signed free agent Avery Johnson on Thursday, bringing the guard back to the team for which he played during parts of 2002 and 2003.	1
Putin at War: Unscripted Three days after the tragedy of Beslan ended, we sat for over three and a half hours with Vladimir Putin. Between picking up the pieces of the worst Russian terror attack to date and planning 	0
Pakistan to withdraw troops PESHAWAR, Pakistan -- The Pakistan Army said yesterday it will withdraw hundreds of troops from a tense tribal region near Afghanistan where Osama bin Laden and his top deputy were believed to be hiding.	0
Bonds hits No. 699; Giants gain wild card lead Phoenix, AZ (Sports Network) - Barry Bonds hit career home run No. 699, Jason Schmidt tossed a complete game to pick up a win for the first time in five starts, and San Francisco grabbed solo possession of 	1
Americans = security idiots The National Cyber Security Alliance is talking to us in a language we can understand. The NCSA polled American computer users and found that 90 could remember when Janet Jackson flashed the country, but 	3
Voice loss 'threat' to workforce Germs, dust and central heating are partly to blame for an epidemic of voice loss which plagues UK workers, says a report.	0
Blackburn give Hughes heart AN ADVERTISEMENT ON THE giant screen at Ewood Park declared that Blackburn Rovers are giving generously this season and, while it purported to refer to a sale at the club shop, no one could deny that their charity extends to the pitch.	1
Zemin resigns as head of the China #39;s military commission China #39;s President Hu Jintao has succeeded Jiang Zemin as head of the powerful military commission, the government said Sunday, completing China #39;s first peaceful leadership transition since its 1949 revolution.	0
Cricket: Kumble hits milestone Indian spinner Anil Kumble takes his 400th Test wicket but Australia reach 316-5 at the close in Bangalore.	0
BOJ keeps policy ultra-easy The Bank of Japan left its ultra-easy monetary policy unchanged on Thursday, showing it was still committed to fighting deflation.	0
Invasive Purple Weed May Meet Its Match (AP) AP - They burned it, mowed it, sprayed it and flooded it. But nothing killed the purple loosestrife weed, which has become a regional plague, until officials at the Parker River National Wildlife Refuge set a European beetle loose on it.	3
Iran and Europe Negotiate to Try to Save Nuclear Agreement Iran and its European partners struggled to salvage their agreement committing Tehran to freeze an important part of its nuclear program.	0
Henman Falls to Unseeded Novak in Basel  BASEL, Switzerland (Reuters) - World number four Tim Henman  was knocked out in the quarterfinals of the 989,750-euro Swiss  Indoors tournament Friday, falling 7-6 (7-5), 7-5 to unseeded  Czech Jiri Novak.	1
Longtime Blackhawks Coach Billy Reay Dies (AP) AP - Billy Reay, who played on two Stanley Cup champions with Montreal and became the winningest coach in Chicago Blackhawks' history, died at 86.	1
Arsenal stretches unbeaten run in England Arsenal stretched its unbeaten run in the English Premier League to 45 games, while Real Madrid and FC Barcelona stayed perfect in the Spanish league.	1
Glaus Headed to Arizona??  PHOENIX (Sports Network) - Free agent third baseman Troy  Glaus is reportedly headed to the Arizona Diamondbacks.	1
Blue Hens punch ticket to quarters Sonny Riccio ran for two touchdowns and passed for 148 yards to lead Delaware to a 28-14 win over visiting Lafayette yesterday in the first round of the Division 1-AA playoffs.	1
PeopleSoft Offers Incentives In a move to retain and attract new customers, PeopleSoft has announced a new promotion that includes a free technical upgrade to all users, and a free first quarter of application management services following go-live from PeopleSoft Global Services.	3
Suicide Bombers Kill 14 in Iraq  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A double suicide car bomb attack  devastated a police station just outside Baghdad's fortified  Green Zone on Saturday, killing seven people and wounding 57 in  the latest strike against Iraq's beleaguered security forces.	0
AMD, Dell, Intel, Microsoft, and Sun Release Web Services for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A new Web Services for Management (WS-Management) specification edited by Alan Geller (Microsoft) has been published. This initial joint publication of the specification names Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), Dell 	3
AUSTRALIA PRESS: Murdoch Drums Up Support For US Move SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--News Corp. (NWS) Chairman Rupert Murdoch said there was  quot;no choice quot; but to change the media giant #39;s domicile to the US as he attempts to win over crucial support from Australian investors for the move, the Australian Financial Review ...	2
Wal-Mart Profit Rises, Raises Outlook Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s biggest retailer, reported a 13 percent rise in quarterly profit on Tuesday, in line with expectations, and raised its outlook for the full year.	2
Prospect of no NHL season causing carnage in Canada TORONTO: The prospect of a winter without icehockey continues to send shockwaves across Canada but the labour dispute between National Hockey League (NHL) owners and players has caused barely a ripple in the United States.	1
N Korea may be next on agenda Washington - Re-elected United States President George W Bush will waste little time in trying to get nuclear-armed North Korea back to the negotiating table and dealing with the fallout of Iraq and the war on terrorism on Muslim communities in Asia as he 	0
Henry Doubt for Anfield Clash Arsenal striker Thierry Henry is rated as having a 50-50 chance of being fit for Sundays game at Liverpool. The 27-year-old has been troubled with an Achilles 	1
Mideast #39;s largest IT fair opens in Dubai DUBAI: The Middle East #39;s largest technology exhibition, GITEX, opened here Sunday with the international IT industry out in full force to showcase the latest market innovations to an expected 100,000 visitors.	2
Q amp;A Dr. Jeffrey M. Drazen on drug trial results The editors of 11 top medical journals shook up the staid world of academic publishing this past week when they decided to stop printing results of drug trials that aren't registered in a central database. Globe biotechnology reporter Jeffrey Krasner spoke with Dr. Jeffrey M. Drazen , editor-in-chief of the New England Journal of Medicine, about how the policy should ...	2
Soccer: Beckham gives Real a slender victory MADRID David Beckham struck with a free kick to win back some support from a furious Bernabu crowd and give Real Madrid a 1-0 victory over Osasuna in its first match since its coach, Jose Antonio Camacho resigned.	1
ElBaradei Says Unclear if Iran Nuke Plans Peaceful  VIENNA (Reuters) - It is unclear if Iran's nuclear  ambitions are entirely peaceful, but there is still no firm  evidence that Tehran is secretly developing atomic weapons as  Washington asserts, the U.N. nuclear watchdog said Tuesday.	0
Brazil Rain Forest Burning A Major Greenhouse Gas Cause The burning and deforestation of Brazils vast Amazon rain forest causes nearly 3 of the worlds greenhouse gas emissions, according to a government report released yesterday.	3
Targeting stress response proteins on breast, prostate tumor cells &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; HOUSTON - Stress response proteins present on the outside of cancer cells offer a promising target for a novel drug  quot;guidance system, quot; say researchers at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center.	3
Home PCs not as protected as owners think (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Internet users at home are not nearly as safe online as they believe, according to a nationwide inspection by researchers. They found most consumers have no firewall protection, outdated antivirus software and dozens of spyware programs secretly running on their computers.	3
First Diplomatic Note of UN History to Annan United Nations (UN) personnel will prepare  quot;the first motion of non-confidence in the organization #39;s history quot; against UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, who has faced a series of scandals.	0
AMERICAN LEAGUE With a doubleheader sweep of the Minnesota Twins, the New York Yankees moved to the verge of clinching their seventh straight AL East title.	1
Australian PM confident in final election week (AFP) AFP - The final week of Australia's October 9 election began with conservative Prime Minister John Howard confident of winning a fourth term and opposition leader Mark Latham embracing the underdog tag.	0
Santos May Report 40 Drop in First-Half Profit as Output Fell Santos Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest natural gas producer, may report first-half profit fell 40 percent after a fire on New Year #39;s Day at its gas processing plant in central Australia cut production.	2
Ghostzapper won #39;t disappear come awards time *If Eclipse Award voters, of which I am one, so desired, they could reward Stronach Stables and Bobby Frankel with firsts in three categories for Ghostzapper: Horse of the Year, Older Horse, and Sprinter.	1
Death toll rises to 66 from Chinese coal mine explosion as &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Rescue workers pulled more bodies out of a mine shaft choked with toxic fumes Friday as the death toll in China #39;s worst mining accident this year rose to 66, with 82 workers missing and feared dead.	0
Zurich says no to 2014 Winter Olympics It follows the announcement last week that Zurich would not be able to host any of the 2008 European football championship games, owing to a legal wrangle over plans for a new stadium.	1
Apple builds on iPod chic Good morning, and welcome to  quot;Name That Apple! quot; Fingers on buzzers? All right, let #39;s begin. For 100 points: It #39;s a compact rectangular slab that plays great-sounding music from a built-in hard drive.	3
Courses to help teach you BOSTON (CBS.MW) -- Total assets of the 143 US-listed exchange-traded funds were \$180.8 billion in September, the Investment Company Institute reported on Friday.	2
T.O. Effect Gives Boost to Eagles' Offense (AP) AP - Terrell Owens' impact is easy to see in the statistics, where the big-gain catches and flashy touchdowns have often led to regular-season wins.	1
Turkey defines EC recommendation as historic Turkish Foreign Minister Abdullah Gulon Wednesday defined the recommendation of the European Commission(EC) to open negotiations with Turkey as a historic step 	0
House Hopes to Quell Frivolous Suits (AP) AP - House Republicans pushed through legislation Tuesday aimed at reducing frivolous lawsuits.	0
Hewlett-Packard posts 26.5 per cent rise in fourth quarter profits Hewlett-Packard Co. reported Tuesday a 26.5 per cent rise in fourth-quarter profit on the strength of record revenue growth across all of the computer manufacturing giant #39;s businesses.	2
Price tag mounts for storm damage Even before Ivan #39;s impact on the Panhandle, estimates in Florida top \$30-billion as the result of Charley and Frances. By JEFF HARRINGTON, Times Staff Writer.	2
With a New Spirit, the Red Sox Tackle Their Haunted Past Eighty-six years after the Boston Red Sox last won the World Series, the franchise is again facing its rivals and its ghosts.	0
Google shares fall as staff sell Shares in Google have fallen 6.7 as employees and early investors in the web search take advantage of the first chance to sell their holdings.	0
Cameras Ready, Spacecraft Gets Up Close to Saturn Moon The Cassini spacecraft cruised on Tuesday to within 745 miles of Titan, Saturn #39;s planet-size moon, for the first close encounter with it.	3
F1: Trulli to Drive for Toyota Team Next Year Italian Formula One driver Jarno Trulli will drive for Toyota #39;s Formula One team next year. Toyota said Trulli, who was released by Renault this week, signed a two-year deal and will be paired with Germany #39;s Ralf Schumacher next year.	1
Blair Risks Backlash in Iraq Troop Move Britain agreed on Thursday to a US request for Britain troops to move to dangerous areas near Baghdad, a politically risky step for Tony Blair who could face a sharp backlash if casualty rates start rising.	0
2 Americans and Briton Are Kidnapped by Rebels in Baghdad Insurgents kidnapped two American and one British contractor in a brazen dawn raid on their home in one of Baghdad #39;s most upscale neighborhoods, underscoring the rapidly 	0
Austrian Bishop Quits After Sex Scandal -- Newspaper  VIENNA (Reuters) - Austrian bishop Kurt Krenn has resigned,  apparently at the Pope's request, after a sex and child  pornography scandal in his diocese rocked the Roman Catholic  church in the Alpine nation.	0
High Court To Decide File-Sharing Case NEW YORK - Who should be held responsible for the use of peer-to-peer software program to trade copyright music and video files on the Internet?	2
Saudi Arabia cuts oil prices Oil prices eased yesterday as top world exporter Saudi Arabia slashed prices for its westbound crude sales in an effort to shift the large volumes it is offering to cool world markets.	2
Bluetooth group releases three-year road map Bluetooth products will have triple the bandwidth and be able to multicast to seven devices in future releases, according to Bluetooth backers, who defend the technology against Ultrawideband and other approaches to short-range wireless.	3
McLaren aim to spoil Ferrari #39;s party Kimi Raikkonen #39;s well-deserved win in the Belgian Grand Prix has revived hopes of the last few races of the year being genuinely competitive.	1
Jaguar to Cut Output Amid Slack Demand  FRANKFURT (Reuters) - British carmaker Jaguar will cut  production by some 15,000 units over the rest of 2004 amid  slack demand, a Jaguar spokesman said on Friday.	2
Virus poses as Christmas e-mail A computer virus posing as an electronic Christmas card is spreading across the net.	3
The Matrix: Reworded THE MATRIX: A HAIKU INTERPRETAION BY KITTEN EXT. HEART O' THE CITY HOTEL Police cruisers flash Sirens lighting up the night Black sedan pulls up	3
Tough times, but something had to be done Any losses of jobs is a matter of great concern for those involved and for Coventry itself. But Jaguar #39;s restructure plan for its future at least retains some jobs in the city and its spiritual headquarters at Browns Lane.	2
 #39;Sweet #39; memories could lure hostage back Rome - One of two Italian women released after three weeks captivity in Iraq said she was ready to go back to the war-wracked country to continue her aid work, and told of being given sweets by her kidnappers as a farewell gift.	0
US FDA official defends agency #39;s handling of drug safety issues A US Food and Drug Administration official said Friday  quot;we categorically reject quot; accusations the agency has failed to protect the public against dangerous drugs.	2
Brazil accounts for 3 percent of emissions of greenhouse gases in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; _ The burning and deforestation of Brazil #39;s vast Amazon rain forest causes nearly 3 percent of the world #39;s greenhouse gas emissions, according to a government report released Wednesday.	3
Marlins Beat Cubs 5-2 to Split Twinbill MIAMI - The Chicago Cubs' 24-hour visit to Miami included a brief stay atop the NL wild-card race. Then they lost their lead because they couldn't beat David Weathers...	0
Iamgold Falls as Gold Fields Takeover Thrown in Doubt (Update1) Iamgold Corp. shares fell 8.5 percent after South Africa #39;s Gold Fields Ltd. received an unsolicited takeover bid, threatening to scuttle its plan to acquire the Canadian gold producer.	2
Garcia walks tall with a 65 When Sergio Garcia was a little lad, he was actually a very little lad - not very tall and extremely slight of build. But throughout his early teens he was so outrageously talented in every other area of the 	1
United paid Agents 5m MANCHESTER United today revealed that it paid footballers #39; agents a staggering 5.5m in the last financial year. In an unprecedented move, the club published a detailed list of payments as part of a new policy 	2
Man hurt keeping his tiger from teen ST. AUGUSTINE, FLA. - The owner of a wildlife sanctuary was injured by a 350-pound Siberian tiger that was startled by a 14-year-old boy at a county fair, officials said Sunday.	1
Homemade booze kills 18 AT least 18 people have died after drinking tainted homemade liquor in Pakistan #39;s eastern Punjab province. Two of the men were dead on arrival at Nishtar Hospital in Multan, and six others died in intensive 	0
Democrats to oppose Telstra sale as search begins for a new CEO The Australian Democrats has not changed its position on the full sale of Telstra and will continue to oppose any moves by the federal government to sell its remaining 51.8 per cent stake in the telco.	2
iMac G5 Debuts as World's Thinnest Desktop (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - With a belief that less is more, Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL) has taken the wraps off its iMac G5, featuring a new design that integrates the entire computer into the flat-panel display.	3
Car bomb kills two in Baghdad A car bomb exploded north of the Iraqi capital Baghdad today, killing two people and injuring four others, including a deputy provincial governor, police said.	0
Storm scuttles Sun Betty Lennox had another huge night, scoring 23 points to lead the Seattle Storm to their first WNBA title with a 74-60 victory over the Connecticut Sun last night.	1
Constellation Bids \$970 Mln for Mondavi  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Constellation Brands Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STZ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STZ.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Tuesday said it launched an unsolicited \$970 million offer for  Robert Mondavi Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MOND.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MOND.O&lt;/A&gt;, which is in the midst of a  management shake-up and shifting corporate strategy, in a bid  to bolster its wine portfolio.	2
Gordon Brown kicks awkward questions over touchline next May IT WAS a great kick; a wondrous kick; high and long - and executed with Eyes Wide Shut. Scotlands rugby selectors looking for an unshakeable kicker into touch while the opposing pack thunders towards him 	2
Iraq Conference in Najaf Peace Bid; Oil Well Ablaze  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. troops and Shi'ite militiamen  battled in the holy Iraqi city of Najaf Monday, just hours  after political and religious leaders in Baghdad agreed to make  a last-ditch appeal for peace.	0
Dino-Size Spurt: T. Rex Teens Gained 5 Pounds a Day New analysis of fossil bones indicates that adolescent &lt;i&gt;Tyrannosaurus rex&lt;/i&gt; dinosaurs grew extremely rapidly, quickly reaching gigantic size.	3
EBay Expanding Into Online Rental Listings EBay Inc. said Friday it has agreed to acquire the online rental listing company Rent.com for \$415 million, consisting of \$385 million in eBay stock and \$30 million cash.	3
Suicide Car Bomb Kills 39 at Pakistan Religious Rally At least 39 people were killed and more than 80 wounded when a suicide car bomb exploded at a rally for an assassinated militant religious leader in central Pakistan early Thursday, police said.	0
UN says another 3,000 displaced in Darfur adding that half of those who had fled their homes had been moved to a camp in Zam Zam.  quot;There has been a sharp upturn in the number of attacks throughout the southern part of North Darfur, quot; it said.	0
Parks strike helping Alta. town business The rotating strike by workers at Canada #39;s national parks is having an unexpected impact in some places: it #39;s helping -- not hurting -- business.	2
Health Mgmt Associates Cuts 4Q Outlook Health Management Associates Inc., an operator of acute care and psychiatric hospitals, said Monday that damage related to Hurricanes Charley and Frances will lower fourth-quarter earnings by 2 cents per share.	2
Indian mother swims home from Sri Lanka (AFP) AFP - A 34-year-old Indian mother of one has fulfilled her dream to swim seven seas after crossing the Palk Strait dividing India and Sri Lanka in a marathon 14-hour feat, officials said.	0
Tyco Raises Dividend  BOSTON (Reuters) - Tyco International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TYC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TYC.N&lt;/A&gt;        on  Thursday raised its dividend for the first time in five years,  the latest indication of change at the once scandal-tarnished  diversified manufacturer.	2
Pirates acquire Santiago from Royals PITTSBURGH (Ticker) -- Shopping for a veteran catcher after trading Jason Kendall last month, the Pittsburgh Pirates acquired Benito Santiago from the Kansas City Royals on Thursday.	1
Loews Posts Profit vs Year-Earlier Loss (Reuters) Reuters - Loews Corp. , the conglomerate\controlled by the Tisch family, on Thursday posted a\third-quarter profit compared with a year-earlier loss, when\its CNA Financial affiliate increased its reserves for\asbestos, lawsuits and other matters.	2
Israel Faces New Pressure Over Security Barrier The Israeli government is facing new pressure over its controversial West Bank security barrier, which the World Court has ruled is illegal and should be dismantled. 	0
The Week Ahead Commerce Undersecretary Grant D. Aldonas arrives in Beijing for talks on textiles and other trade issues. US Chamber of Commerce opens small-business summit.	2
Adobe debuts Photoshop Elements 3.0 Adobe today announced Adobe Photoshop Elements 3.0, a major upgrade to its entry-level image editing product. The updated product includes a series of powerful image editing tools taken from 	3
Science salutes its ocean giant Deep-sea manned sub Alvin is hailed as it goes into retirement following 40 years of remarkable work.	3
Pakistani authorities burn 22 tonnes of seized drugs (AFP) AFP - Pakistani authorities torched more than 22 tonnes of seized drugs, including heroin, hashish, opium and morphine, in southwestern Baluchistan province, officials and witnesses said.	0
Rx Depot Co-Founder Launches New Online Venture The co-founder of an Oklahoma prescription drug service shut down for violating federal drug importation laws has a new company providing discounted medicines over the Internet.	3
OECD Applauds Turkey #39;s Economic Growth, Urges Cutting Unofficial &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; While praising Turkey #39;s  quot;stunning quot; economic performance over the last three years, the OECD also outlined some major problems the country needs to address.	2
Hewitt Makes Impressive Start at U.S. Open  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Lleyton Hewitt hit the ground running  after a two-day wait to start his U.S. Open campaign on  Wednesday, racing past experienced South African Wayne Ferreira  6-1, 7-5, 6-4.	1
Kansas Hoops Takes Preseason No. 1 Spot (AP) AP - Sure, Kansas often grabs a spot in the upper half of the AP preseason college basketball poll, but the school hasn't been No. 1 since a player named Wilt Chamberlain suited up for the Jayhawks in the 1950s.	1
Militants, Israeli Troops Battle in Gaza A period of relative calm in the Gaza Strip was broken by a nearly hour-long battle between Palestinian militants and Israeli troops that left at least one Israeli soldier and one militant dead.	0
PPR in talks to sell Rexel stake French retailer Pinault Printemps Redoute is in talks to sell its stake in Rexel, valuing the electrical equipment supplier at 3.7bn (2.57bn).	2
Lowe Shutting Out Cardinals Through Six Innings  ST. LOUIS (Sports Network) - Derek Lowe has allowed just  two hits as Boston jumped on St. Louis early and still leads  3-0 after six innings in Game 4 of the 2004 World Series.	1
Return of Brady Boosts Jaguars' Offense (AP) AP - Jacksonville tight end Kyle Brady feels a little like Frankenstein's monster.	1
Can #39;t pull off double DALLAS -- Jamal Crawford went for the instant replay, but he wasn #39;t able to pull it off. It came down to another shot at the buzzer last night, but he wasn #39;t able to deliver and the Knicks closed out a difficult 	1
Mayhem, for fun I admit to being skeptical that the Teen-rated Burnout 3: Takedown, from Criterion Games and Electronic Arts, was going to be just another street-racing title.	3
Reining in public IM There is no question that IM is entrenched in the enterprise. More than 90 percent of businesses report IM activity, according to Osterman Research. A main reason, as we discovered in "Getting serious about enterprise IM," is the improved productivity and reduced communications costs that IM delivers. What should concern CIOs is that unsanctioned consumer IM networks -- such as those from America Online, ICQ, Microsoft, and Yahoo -- make up 80 percent of corporate IM use today, and the number of users of these unsecured IM networks is growing at a fast clip, according to The Radicati Group. True, public IM networks offer enterprises some protection, such as very basic identity control. But organizations are still exposed to a multitude of security risks, including viruses and breached firewalls.	3
Australian Voters Face Stark Choice on Iraq Australian Prime Minister John Howard gave his last nationally televised campaign speech today as he bids for a fourth three-year term.	0
IBM Goes After High-End Server Market (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) is making a big deal out of its announcement of three Power5 processor-based servers. The machines are faster than those built by competitors Hewlett-Packard and Sun. What is more, their price point is set lower.	3
Showdown Vote Likely on Iran Resolution (AP) AP - China and Pakistan are among nations demanding the United States and its allies on the board of the U.N. atomic watchdog agency tone down a proposed resolution designed to ease Western fears about Iran's nuclear agenda.	0
Prudential plans one-billion-pound share sale LONDON : British insurer Prudential announced plans to sell new shares worth one billion pounds (1.44 billion euros, 1.80 billion dollars) to expand in its home market and comply with new regulations.	2
AirTran: Regrets flight attendants #39; rejected labor pact SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) -- AirTran (AAI) said late Thursday it regrets that its flight attendants rejected an agreement negotiated by a private mediator last week.	2
Blast In Saudi City Mars 9/11 Anniversary JEDDAH, Saudi Arabia, Sept 11 (AFP) - A car blew up in front of a bank in the Saudi commercial capital of Jeddah Saturday, highlighting a wave of unrest in the kingdom as the world marked the third anniversary of the September 11 attacks in the United 	0
Secrets of the CO 2 Eaters The genetic map of a type of teeny-weeny ocean algae could have a big impact on how scientists try to protect the Earth #39;s oceans from greenhouse gases.	3
Oil prices open lower in London as supply jitters diminish LONDON : Oil prices declined in opening deals as supply fears receded after Iraq resumed oil exports through its southern pipelines and speculative activity dwindled, analysts said.	2
Stocks Climb on Positive Retail Sales NEW YORK - Stocks moved higher Friday as a stronger than expected retail sales report showed that higher oil prices aren't scaring consumers away from spending.    Wall Street had worried that soaring oil and gasoline prices would prompt consumers to spend less...	0
Buffs still cling to North title hopes Another piece fell in place Saturday for the Colorado football team in what began weeks ago as a complicated and unlikely route to the Big 12 Conference North Division title.	1
Tigers 6, White Sox 4 Eric Munson hit a go-ahead, three-run homer in the seventh inning to lead the Detroit Tigers to a 6-4 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Tuesday night.	1
A sovereign Quebec would help trade between Quebec and northeast: Duceppe (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - Trade between Quebec and the northeastern United States is a natural and a sovereign Quebec would help make it easier, Bloc Quebecois Leader Gilles Duceppe said Friday.	0
Analyst Sees Cingular Awarding Deal Soon (Reuters) Reuters - Prudential Equity Group on Friday\said Cingular Wireless has made a decision on which vendors it\will use for the deployment of its next-generation wireless\network, with Ericsson (ERICb.ST) and Lucent Technologies Inc.\ likely the biggest beneficiaries.	3
O, Canada wins in OT Just when it looked like this World Cup of Hockey might be bereft of any entertainment value whatsoever, a terrific game broke out last night at the Air Canada Centre.	1
Ovitz  #39;fell out with Eisner from start #39; Michael Ovitz, the former Hollywood powerbroker, yesterday said the first cracks appeared in his stormy relationship with Walt Disney chief and former boss Michael Eisner even before his appointment as president of the company was announced in 1995.	2
No. 14 Tennessee Defeats UNLV 42-17 (AP) AP - Brent Schaeffer became the first Southeastern Conference freshman quarterback to start an opener in 59 years, running for one touchdown and throwing for another score in No. 14 Tennessee's 42-17 win over UNLV on Sunday night.	1
Crude Oil Climbs on Expectations Fuel Inventories Will Decline Crude oil futures rose amid speculation that US inventories of heating oil, diesel and gasoline will continue to fall as demand exceeds refinery output.	2
US Seeks Quick UN Vote Warning Syria on Lebanon Washington on Tuesday swept aside objections from Beirut and called for a Security Council vote within days on a draft resolution to put pressure on Syria to respect Lebanese sovereignty.	0
Handcuffing protester speaks out Militant fathers #39; rights protester Jonathan Stanesby has described how he managed to handcuff himself to Children #39;s Minister Margaret Hodge for 40 minutes at a conference.	0
Security Council, On Central African Peace Mission, Visits DR of &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United Nations Security Council, fresh from a rare session in Kenya to speed up efforts to resolve civil wars in Sudan, today visited the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), another conflict-riven country where the world body is seeking to bring 	0
Canadian Inventor Lets Everyone Be an Armchair Spy  TORONTO (Reuters) - New Internet-based technology could  soon turn regular computer users into armchair spies, a  Canadian inventor said on Monday.	3
Insider Racing News Nextel Cup and NASCAR are registered trademarks of the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing, Inc. This web site is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or sponsored by NASCAR.	1
Cisco offerings target small firms Cisco this week will release products it says will help small companies deal with the complexities of LAN switch security, convergence and network management.	3
Sutton Cares About Winning, Not Appearances Hal Sutton has added spice to the 35th Ryder Cup by daring to be different. The leadership style of Sutton, the American captain, has been a focal point 	1
Australia, Indonesia consider defense pact Australia is considering a security pact with Indonesia if incoming president Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono agrees, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said Monday.	0
Apple to use Toshiba chip next year Toshiba Corp, Japan #39;s second largest chipmaker, has agreed to start selling a type of semiconductor known as flash memory to Apple Computer Inc, maker of the best-selling iPod digital music player.	3
In Harry #39;s game, everyone has to stick to the rules THERE is nothing more self-righteous than a modern paparazzo with a split lip, garnered in the course of his slightly weird trade.	0
Honeywell makes \$1.5bn Novar bid Honeywell International stepped into the battle for control of industrial group Novar yesterday with a \$1.5bn (790m) agreed cash offer that some believe represents a knock-out blow.	2
Caging Instigator: Pakistan Security Hits Militants Hideouts WANA (South Waziristan): As the crusade against al-Qaeda militants got stepped-up in the tribal belt of Pakistan to put in cage Abdullah Mehsud, the ringleader of Chinese engineers captivity, dozens of families left their mountainous abode near the 	0
Three small bombs explode in Turkey, no injuries Two small bombs exploded in front of branches of the British HSBC Bank in Turkey on Tuesday and a third blast hit a Turkish-American Association in the capital Ankara, Anatolian news agency reported.	0
Ivory Coast in uneasy calm Hundreds of frightened Europeans continued fleeing Ivory Coast on Saturday as an emergency summit on the violence-torn west African country was set to open in Nigeria.	0
A #39;s are fit to be tied Hudson lit by M #39;s, Angels pull even The A #39;s fell from sole possession of first place and have five games to reassume exclusive control of the American League West.	1
More bombs in India, 53 now dead A string of bomb and gun attacks in northeastern India continued for a second day Sunday as blasts in a crowded market, a tea plantation and elsewhere killed three people and wounded another 18.	0
Federer's Games Dream Shattered  ATHENS (Reuters) - Top seed Roger Federer was bundled out  of the Olympic tennis tournament on Tuesday by unheralded Czech  Tomas Berdych.	1
Undersea Habitat Becomes Experimental Space Hospital NASA -- The days of doctors making house calls may seem like ancient history for most patients in North America, but in October, three astronauts and a Canadian doctor will test the latest concepts in long-distance house calls using a unique underwater laboratory.     The ability to conduct long-distance health care such as telemonitoring and telerobotic surgery could be key to maintaining the wellness of future spacefarers and responding to medical emergencies on the International Space Station, the moon or Mars...	3
Hammer Champion Facing Ioc Hearing Hammer gold medallist Adrian Annus will return to Athens to testify before an International Olympic Committee disciplinary hearing tomorrow, according to a Hungarian official.	1
RIM Sees Strong European, Asian BlackBerry Growth Research In Motion Ltd. RIM.TO is seeing rising demand for its BlackBerry wireless e-mail device in Europe and expects Asia to be its next major market, the company #39;s chief financial officer said on Monday.	3
Japanese bank taps RFID for document security NEC Corp. has signed a contract with a Japanese bank for an RFID (Radio Frequency Identification) -based document management system, the company said Tuesday in a statement.	3
Disney Launches a Trio of Titles Disney Interactive has shipped three new Game Boy Advance titles based on hit Disney Channel shows. Info from the press release (because we #39;re too lazy to rewrite this stuff today) ---.	3
Heed Those Wary Instincts  When it comes to your money (or anything else, for that matter), I believe you should trust your gut.	2
UPDATE 1-Brazil ministry requests Vasp license extension The Brazilian defense ministry said on Thursday it had requested the president extend the flying license of indebted airline Vasp (VASP3.	2
Airlines Told to Turn Over Passenger Data WASHINGTON - Everyone who took a commercial flight within the United States in June will have his travel information turned over to the government so it can test a new system for identifying potential terrorists, federal officials announced Tuesday.    The Transportation Security Administration plans to order airlines to turn over the information in November...	0
Lending keeps Ford profit up; sales sputtering Buoyed again by strong results at its financial-services arm, Ford swung to a profit of \$266 million in the third quarter even though the loss at its worldwide automotive operations widened and its market share in the key US market fell by more than a 	2
Update 1: Sprint Signs \$3 Billion Wireless Pacts Sprint Corp. said Tuesday it reached multi-year agreements totaling \$3 billion with Lucent Technologies Inc., Motorola Inc. and Nortel Networks Corp.	2
TechTarget hires 2 IDG executives The rivalry between TechTarget Inc., an upstart Needham technology publisher, and the giant International Data Group intensified as TechTarget hired away two key IDG executives. Maryfran Johnson, longtime editor of the IDG publication Computerworld, and Joseph Levy, who headed the company's CXO Media group, are joining TechTarget to launch publications. ''Right now we're not revealing what we're working on, quot; said ...	2
Aussie scientists see palaeontology gold rush Australian scientists predicted a  quot;palaeontological gold rush quot; after the discovery of a new species of tiny human in neighbouring Indonesia in a find that will re-draw the human family tree.	3
Avon Third-Quarter Profit Rises Avon Products Inc. (AVP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday posted higher quarterly earnings as business in Latin America and Europe helped offset weakness in the United States for the direct seller of cosmetics.	2
You Control: iTunes puts control in OS X menu bar (MacCentral) MacCentral - You Software Inc. announced on Tuesday the availability of You Control: iTunes, a free\download that places iTunes controls in the Mac OS X menu bar. Without\leaving the current application, you can pause, play, rewind or skip songs,\as well as control iTunes' volume and even browse your entire music library\by album, artist or genre. Each time a new song plays, You Control: iTunes\also pops up a window that displays the artist and song name and the album\artwork, if it's in the library. System requirements call for Mac OS X\v10.2.6 and 10MB free hard drive space. ...	3
Oracle finally has its prize For the past 18 months, Oracle has been locked in a battle to acquire rival PeopleSoft involving courtroom drama, poison pills, personal enmity and, recently, the departure of PeopleSoft #39;s CEO Craig Conway.	2
Violent Video Games Not Meant For Children, But Parents Buy Them &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Shoppers in America spend more than \$6 billion a year on video games according to a Software Association survey. Holiday sales bring an extra boost to game 	3
Guilty plea from N.B. man who allegedly planned shooting spree rejected (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A New Brunswick man who was allegedly planning a shooting spree before it was thwarted by a friendly dog was sent back to jail Friday after prosecutors refused to let him plead guilty to weapons charges.	0
Unisys to ax 1,400 workers Unisys Corp. said Wednesday night that it plans to lay off about 1,400 employees, mostly in general and administrative areas. The computer hardware, software and services company didn #39;t say how many of the 	2
American Patterson overcomes Russian for all-around Olympic title The 20-year wait is over. America has its new Mary Lou, and her name is Carly Patterson. The 16-year-old dynamo beat Russian superstar Svetlana Khorkina to give the United States another Olympic all-around champion Thursday night, closing with a dazzling ...	1
Alkhanov Sworn in As President of Chechnya Chechnya #39;s new Kremlin-backed president was sworn in Tuesday, taking the helm of this wartorn Russian region under heavy guard nearly five months after his predecessor 	0
Treasuries Lower Before Five-Year Auction  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices eased on  Wednesday as the market prepared to absorb \$24 billion in new  supply just a few days before a jobs report which could set the  trend for yields for weeks to come.	2
Myanmar Student Leader 'Wakes from Dreamland' (Reuters) Reuters - Myanmar's second most prominent\political prisoner said Saturday he felt like he had "awoken\from dreamland" after he returned home from nearly 16 years in\jail.	0
Follow-Through (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Last year's FORBES E-Gang (see p. 144 for this year's group) featured five luminaries in the field of wireless communication. Two of our picks have left their jobs, while three are steaming ahead.	3
Microsoft Profit Up; Forecast Mixed Microsoft Corp.'s quarterly earnings rose 11 percent over the comparable quarter last year, with strongest growth in sales of server software.	3
Kodak buying National Semi #39;s image sensor business Eastman Kodak Co. says it #39;s agreed to buy the Imaging business of National Semiconductor Corp., which develops and manufactures complimentary metal oxide semiconductor image sensor devices.	2
SAP, Infineon unveil RFID management system OCTOBER 05, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - German business software vendor SAP AG and chip maker Infineon Technologies AG today launched a new software management system for connecting radio frequency identification hardware and software from multiple vendors.	3
Cisco notches new Net phone deal Bank of America signs a deal to deploy 180,000 Cisco IP telephones nationwide over the next three years.	3
VoIP Support Added To Wireless-Wired SMB Routers WLAN equipment vendors Linksys and Netgear Tuesday announced wireless and wired routers with built-in voice-over-IP (VoIP) capabilities aimed at home uses and small offices.	3
EU Suspends Review of Microsoft Deal (AP) AP - The European Union suspended its antitrust review of Microsoft Corp.'s deal with Time Warner Inc. to develop anti-piracy software now that technology company Thomson SA has joined the proposed venture, officials said Wednesday.	3
Linux Ready for Prime Time, Intel Says (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Despite all the hype about Linux and other open-source operating systems, the fact remains that Microsoft Corp. continues to dominate the desktop universe, with 90 percent or so of the world's personal computers powered by one version of Windows or another.	3
Ford Cuts Production as Sales Fall Again  DETROIT (Reuters) - Ford Motor Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=F.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;F.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said  it was setting first-quarter North American production below  the 2004 quarter's levels as U.S. sales fell again in November.	2
Nigerian Unions Launch Strike But Oil Exports Flow Unions began a four-day strike against rising fuel prices in Nigeria on Monday, helping drive world oil prices to record highs even though shipments from Africa #39;s top producer were unaffected.	0
Lost in translation Eddy Curry admits he was frustrated. Sick of the losing. Tried of the booing. Fed up with the life in a fishbowl that goes with playing professional sports in his hometown.	1
NFL Game Summary - Chicago at Tennessee Nashville, TN (Sports Network) - Adewale Ogunleye was credited with a safety in overtime to end the game, accounting for two of the Chicago Bears #39; 16 points scored on either defense or special teams in a 19-17 victory over Tennessee.	1
Update 5: Tokyo Stocks Up on Bush Re-Election Tokyo stocks closed moderately higher Thursday as investors welcomed US President George W. Bush #39;s re-election to a second four-year term.	2
International Mediators Try to End Ukraine Crisis  KIEV (Reuters) - International mediators will step up  efforts Wednesday to resolve Ukraine's 10-day-old crisis over a  disputed presidential election after the collapse of talks  between pro-Western and pro-Russian factions.	0
WiMax wings into the wild world of wireless Tired of new wireless technologies? Then stop reading. Because here's a story about a new wireless system that could someday eclipse the Wi-Fi service you've just begun to understand.	3
Forget Paris: Sammy  #39;happy to be a Cub #39; The flood of trade rumors involving the Cubs and New York Mets has traveled all the way to Paris, where Sammy Sosa took a break from vacation to phone his agent.	1
Key cable TV deal for Microsoft US pay TV firm Comcast is set to roll out set-top boxes featuring Microsoft software, in a crucial test for Microsoft's cable TV ambitions.	2
US trade gap shrinks to \$51.6 billion WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) - A strong euro and a strong hurricane helped cut the US trade deficit by 3.7 percent to \$51.6 billion in September.	2
Apple's New iMac Computer Is All Display (Reuters) Reuters - Apple Computer unveiled, after a\two-month delay, its new iMac desktop computer on Tuesday which\integrates disk drives and processors into a flat display less\than two inches thick.	3
A City Invaded by WiFi Taipei plans to make wireless internet access available across citywide by the end of 2005, joining a small number of cities offering Wi-Fi networks.	3
Top Brazil party threatens to leave government The head of Brazil #39;s powerful PMDB political party has proposed it leave the ruling Workers #39; Party coalition government in what would be a serious blow to President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva #39;s reform agenda.	0
Presidential Candidates Hit Midwest The presidential candidates and their running mates fanned out across the Midwest with Labor Day messages promising job creation, appealing for votes in the territory pivotal to winning November's election.    President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney were heading to three states between them Monday; Democratic candidate John Kerry and running mate John Edwards were venturing to six...	0
IBM reports surge in network attacks Utilities, telecommunications companies and government agencies are more popular as targets at attacks on them surged 55 per cent from July to August, a new report says.	3
Crude Oil Little Changed After Falling on Rising Iraqi Output Crude oil futures were little changed after falling yesterday for the seventh day in eight as Iraqi exports rose and Russia said it would increase output this year.	2
England: Lua-Lua denies Reds LIVERPOOL, Dec 15 (SW) - Rafael Benitez Liverpool were held to a 1-1 draw by Portsmouth last night, after Lua-Lua grabbed an equalizer in the stoppage time.	1
Ericsson Expands Guangdong STOCKHOLM -- Ericsson has been awarded a USD 805 million contract by Guangdong Mobile Communication Corporation Limited (Guangdong Mobile) to expand its GSM network in Guangdong Province, China.	3
Finally, a Boeing-Airbus Showdown The European jetmaker has long skirted subsidy rules. Now Washington #39;s WTO complaint will drag that abuse into the light of day.	2
Raptors' Williams Done for Season (Reuters) Reuters - Toronto Raptors guard Alvin\Williams will miss the rest of the 2004 season with an injured\right knee.	1
Sinn Fein voices delay concern Speaking after a meeting with the Irish Prime Minister in Dublin, party president Gerry Adams said:  quot;We are concerned that the time frame is stretching.	0
The Apprentice Says  quot;You #39;re Hired quot; To Yahoo com. Yahoo is hosting the official Web site for the second and third seasons of the reality television program  quot;The Apprentice.	3
Euro Disney Eyes  #36;180 Mln 'Tower of Terror'-Source (Reuters) Reuters - Euro Disney wants to use part of a\planned rights issue to build a gut-wrenching new "Tower of\Terror" ride that could cost some 150 million euros ( #36;182.2\million), sources familiar with the situation said.	3
Mitchell Ready for Rematch With Rested Tszyu Takoma Park 140-pounder Sharmba Mitchell has won eight consecutive fights, including three in the last eight months, and says he #39;s never felt better.	1
The Battle for Middle-earth Ships December 06, 2004 - Today game and film fans alike are picking sides to decide the fate of Middle-earth as Electronic Arts (NASDAQ:ERTS) announces the release of the eagerly-awaited PC game, The Lord of the Rings(tm), The Battle for Middle-earth(tm).	3
Telstra Corp. to Pay Up to A\$4.65 a Share in Buyback (Update2) Telstra Corp., Australia #39;s biggest phone company, offered to buy back shares for as much as A\$4.65 each, the first stage in a plan to return A\$4.	2
European Ryder Cup team finalized Colin Montgomerie and Luke Donald Sunday were named to the European Ryder Cup team by captain Bernhard Langer. That completes the team that will face the United States at 	1
Microsoft gets a fashion makeover com October 15, 2004, 5:11 AM PT. Wood paneling and chrome made your dad #39;s station wagon look like a million bucks, and they might also be just the ticket for Microsoft #39;s fledgling 	3
Children wounded in attack US warplanes fired on insurgent targets in the east Baghdad slum of Sadr City overnight, killing at least one person and injuring 12 -- many of them children -- hospital officials said yesterday.	0
Branca and Berbatov help Leverkusen crush Bayern Two goals each from Brazilian forward Branca and Bulgarian Dimitar Berbatov gave Bayer Leverkusen a decisive 4-1 victory over Bayern Munich on Saturday.	1
Finally, Fall Racing Meaningful If the Chase for the Championship is really supposed to be the elite part of the schedule, why does it include such mundane races as the fall events at New Hampshire, Dover and Martinsville and not the Daytona 500 or Brickyard 400?	1
TXU Raises Dividend, Yearly Forecasts Energy utility TXU Corp. on Monday more than quadrupled its quarterly dividend payment and raised its projected earnings for 2004 and 2005 after a companywide performance review.	2
Date Set for Auction Of Russian Oil Giant The protracted legal battle over Russian oil giant Yukos appeared to enter its final phase Friday when the government set a date to auction off a majority stake in the company #39;s 	2
Amazon Snaps Up China #39;s Largest Web Retailer Amazon.com says it has reached an agreement to buy Joyo.com, the largest Internet retailer of books, music and videos in China, in a deal worth \$75 million. The rapid growth of broadband access in the region makes Asia a particularly ...	2
Hackers Reopen Online Store An anonymous group of malicious hackers has reopened an online store that sells the stolen source code of prominent software products.	3
America Online Courts Mobile Developers Hoping to accelerate AOL instant messaging (IM) on mobile devices, America Online has launched the Mobile Developer Program. OZ, LG Electronics, Motorola, Samsung Telecommunications America and Siemens have signed on as charter members.	3
Professor Connects Football and Physics LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) -- A physics professor at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln has published a book that explains how the laws of nature interact with the game of football...	3
Smith Denies Quitting Pompey It had been thought the clubs assistant manager had handed in his resignation earlier today when boss Harry Redknapp announced he was quitting the south coast club.	1
Brown Shoe Earnings Drop 32 Percent (Reuters) Reuters - Brown Shoe Co. Inc. (BWS.N) on\Wednesday posted a 32 percent drop in quarterly earnings, hurt\by slack sales from its children's unit, Bass wholesale\business and Naturalizer chain.	2
Iraq Probes Possible Security Breach Over Killings  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq ordered an investigation on Monday  into whether a security breach triggered a massacre of 49 army  recruits, while two foreign soldiers, an Estonian and an  American, were killed in surging guerrilla raids during  Ramadan.	0
US trail by one in UBS Cup KIAWAH ISLAND (South Carolina): Colin Montgomerie and Bernhard Langer won for the eighth time together in matchplay as the Rest of the World led holders the United States by 3 points to 2 on the first day of the UBS Cup, which is limited to golfers in 	1
Barclays set to purchase credit card company LONDON Barclays said Wednesday it would buy the US credit card company Juniper Financial for \$293 million as part of its international expansion plan. 	2
Samsung Faces Concerns Over Margins Concern over falling profit margins at Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. grew on Thursday as the company said it was spending more on handset marketing and a top broker issued a sell #39; #39; rating on its stock for the first time in years.	2
Mass. Charges Franklin Templeton of Fraud (AP) AP - Massachusetts Secretary of State William Galvin on Monday charged Franklin Templeton Investments with fraud, accusing the company of violating a consent order by not admitting to wrongdoing in a settlement of mutual fund trading allegations.	2
Relatives claim bodies of 78 people who died in riots in Thailand Grieving relatives flocked Wednesday to an army camp to claim bodies of at least 78 Muslim detainees who suffocated or were crushed to death after soldiers packed 1,300 people into trucks following a riot in southern Thailand.	0
China Faces New Textile Import Limits (AP) AP - A top U.S. commerce official said he told China to expect American textile makers to seek new limits on Chinese imports as soon as next week, as he also urged Beijing to do more to stop piracy and lower trade barriers.	0
Sharon Seeks to Broaden Coalition With Labor, Religious Parties Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon will seek to bring Labor and other parties into his government to avoid early elections after dismissing a coalition partner who voted against the budget.	0
Jumbos hold off Bates Jason Casey threw a pair of second-quarter touchdown passes and Tufts stymied a fourth-quarter uprising to hold off Bates, 14-12, yesterday at Ellis Oval/Zimman Field in Somerville.	1
Japan Stocks Slip by Midday  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average fell 1.2 percent by  midsession on Friday as broad-ranged selling was prompted by a  steep fall on Wall Street in the past two sessions due to  concern about high oil prices.	2
Bloom: Veritas On Track For  #36;2B Year (TechWeb) TechWeb - Third quarter revenue from the company's two-tier distribution was up 18 percent from a year ago, despite rumored challenges from EMC and its Legato software unit.	3
Camara double is enough for Celtic GLASGOW, Scotland -- Celtic striker Henri Camara scored twice to give the Scottish champions a 3-0 win over Dunfermline Athletic in the Premier League.	1
Democracy hopes dim after PM sacked Myanmar #39;s tough but pragmatic prime minister was sacked Tuesday by his hardline army colleagues, clouding prospects for the freedom of opposition leader Aung San 	0
Linux Group Promotes Standard Version which has been making headway with companies and governments -- potentially face headaches if the open-source operating system fragments into differing and incompatible versions.	3
Japan Downgrades Economic Assessment Japan downgraded its economic assessment for the first time in more than a year on Tuesday, noting slower export growth and curbed production, but said the recovery is continuing.	2
ConocoPhillips Buys Lukoil Stake for \$1.99 Billion (Update12) ConocoPhillips will buy 7.6 percent of OAO Lukoil from Russia for \$1.99 billion and may raise that stake, expanding its access to the world #39;s largest oil- and gas- producing country as energy prices surge.	2
Top US diplomat for Mideast to visit Egypt, Morocco to plan Iraq conference (AFP) AFP - The top US diplomat for the Middle East is to visit Egypt and Morocco this week to help plan an international conference on Iraq expected to be held next month, the State Department said.	0
Footnotes In the highest-scoring regulation game in Division 1-A history, Brian Nunez returned an interception 28 yards with 2:18 left for the last of 19 touchdowns, and San Jose State (2-2, 1-1, WAC) beat Rice, 70-63.	1
Report: Indictment in Colo. Football Case (AP) AP - A state grand jury has handed down an indictment regarding the use of prostitutes to entice football recruits to the University of Colorado, according to a published report.	1
Yankees' Brown Breaks Hand Punching Wall (AP) AP - Kevin Brown might have punched himself out of the pennant race, and the New York Yankees are angry about it. Brown broke his non-pitching hand when he punched a wall in the clubhouse Friday night during New York's 3-1 loss to the Baltimore Orioles.	1
Arafat's Wife Lashes Out at Officials (AP) AP - Yasser Arafat's wife accused his top lieutenants of seeking to grab power from her ailing husband, prompting three top Palestinian officials to abruptly cancel a visit to Paris  #151; at least for a day  #151; the first sign of an open power struggle while Arafat clings to life.	0
INDIA TOUR GIVEN GO-AHEAD India #39;s two-Test series in Bangladesh will go ahead after concerns over security issues were allayed. A militant group had vowed to kill the Indian players if they came to Dhaka but that threat has now been dismissed as a hoax.	1
MLB will call shots for club in offseason Major League Baseball, which has operated the Montreal Expos the past three seasons, likely still will make the personnel and roster decisions for the team that will play at RFK 	1
Foreign Interest Appears to Flag as Dollar Falls Investors and analysts are increasingly worried that the last big source of support for the American dollar - heavy buying by foreign central banks - is fading.	2
Brown Suffers Rocky Return in Feisty Finale There was Kevin Brown at his worst, Curt Schilling at his best and baseball's most bitter rivalry at its end - for now, anyway.	1
D-Backs reportedly to sign Russ Ortiz ANAHEIM, Calif. - The Arizona Diamondbacks continue to make waves in the free agent marketplace, reportedly signing veteran righthander Russ Ortiz on Friday in what could be a precursor to a blockbuster involving Randy Johnson.	1
Teenage worm whiz gets IT security job A young German man believed to be responsible for writing 70 per cent of all computer viruses received in the first half of this year has been given a job in IT security.	3
Oklahoma Could Get Blowout It Needs (AP) AP - Oklahoma coach Bob Stoops could get the blowout victory his Sooners need Saturday without any regrettable decisions. No. 2 Oklahoma has never lost to Baylor, winning the last five years by an average margin of 38 points. They will need to do that  #151; and maybe more  #151; to make a good impression on the poll voters.	1
Dollar Rises; Traders Drop Bets Currency to Reach One-Month Low Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- The dollar climbed against the euro after some traders abandoned bets that a slowdown in growth reflected in economic reports this week would push the US currency to a one-month low. 	2
Giants re-sign Christiansen Giants left-handed reliever Jason Christiansen, who created a mild controversy last season when he taped a hand-lettered sign complaining he #39;d gone 15 days without 	1
UN 'will miss education target' A report suggests the UN's target of universal primary education by 2015 is unlikely to be reached.	0
South Korea Tightens Security Following New Al-Qaida Threat South Korea has tightened security at home and overseas after a new threat by the al-Qaida terrorist network against countries supporting the US-led coalition in Iraq.	0
Roethlisberger Benched for Season Finale (AP) AP - With little to play for Sunday, the AFC champion Pittsburgh Steelers benched quarterback Ben Roethlisberger and two other injured starters  #151; running back Jerome Bettis and receiver Plaxico Burress  #151; for their regular-season finale against Buffalo.	1
New case of bird flu puts Thais on alert HONG KONG Officials in Thailand announced Monday that a 32-year-old woman had been hospitalized with the country #39;s second human case of avian influenza since the disease began a resurgence in July and said that two family members of the sick person had 	0
DaimlerChrysler Posts  #36;1.27B Net Profit (AP) AP - DaimlerChrysler AG said Thursday it earned euro1.0 billion ( #36;1.27 billion) in the third quarter on good performances from its commercial vehicles division and its U.S. Chrysler arm, rebounding from a large loss a year ago.	0
UK urged to join US insurance action BRITAIN #39;S largest financial institutions are being urged to take lead roles in lawsuits seeking hundreds of millions of dollars from the scandal-struck US insurance industry.	2
Uncle Sam Wants Your Airwaves Lawmakers believe the analog TV spectrum can be put to much better use and can generate billions in auctions to telecom companies. So Congress is considering paying Americans to ditch over-the-air analog TV and switch to digital. Michael Grebb reports from Washington.	3
Stocks Set to Open Lower on Quiet Earnings NEW YORK - U.S stock futures were moving into negative territory early Monday at the start of a quiet earnings and a noisy political week.    Dow Jones futures were down 28 points recently, while Nasdaq futures declined 8 points and S P futures were down 3.4 points...	0
Violence Will Intensify in Iraq as Elections Near, Rumsfeld Says But the defense secretary said that the U.S. was determined to insure that voting takes place as planned.	0
Fruit Prices May Go Up, But Growers Still Hurt Hurricane damage could make battered Florida grapefruit growers the beneficiaries of a bidding war between domestic and international buyers.	2
Arafat #39;s Wife Accuses Deputies of Wanting Him Dead Yasser Arafat #39;s wife accused senior Palestinian officials on Monday of plotting to  quot;bury him alive quot; and forced them to put off a planned trip to France to visit her critically ill husband.	0
Deutsche Bank, Weisel to Pay \$100 Mln to End Probe (Update2) Deutsche Bank AG and Thomas Weisel Partners LLC will pay a total of \$100 million to settle allegations they published misleading stock research to win investment-banking business, becoming 	2
No scenario seen for draft of health care workers WASHINGTON -- No war or other national emergency would overwhelm the military's medical care system and require a draft of civilian health care workers, a senior Pentagon official said yesterday.	0
Jackson search 'ignored warrant' Michael Jackson's Neverland manager claims police wanted to search areas unspecified by their warrant.	0
NCAA #39;s decision on Southern Cal receiver draws criticism Thursday #39;s decision by the NCAA not to reinstate Southern California star wide receiver Mike Williams drew particularly strident and pointed criticism from a high-ranking school 	1
Backward Drawings May Have Doomed Genesis (AP) AP - The NASA spacecraft that smashed into the Utah desert last month while bringing home fragile samples of the sun may have been doomed by engineering drawings that had been done backwards, an investigating board said Friday.	3
UPDATE 1-IMF says markets resilient, calm after rate rises The global financial system is at its most resilient since the equity bubble burst in 2001, the International Monetary Fund said on Wednesday, despite rising 	2
Chinese economy sets for soft landing in 2005: ADB China will succeed in cooling off an overheated economy and achieve a soft landing, according to a major Asian Development Bank (ADB) report released on Wednesday.	2
Around the Majors - October 20 Major League Baseball has followed in the footsteps of the NFL and has signed a lucrative deal with a satellite radio company. So, whether you #39;re 	1
Schilling Ankle Exam Postponed Again BOSTON Nov 6, 2004 - An examination of Boston Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling #39;s right ankle was postponed again Saturday. Schilling was expected to be seen by doctors on Sunday.	1
S America to create single market South American leaders are set to create an economic and political bloc modelled on the European Union.	2
Bombardier lays off 2,000 workers MontrealWith its stock in a tailspin and the prospect of cash-strapped US airlines bailing out on future jet orders, aerospace giant Bombardier Inc.	2
Man Utd hopefuls face a rising challenge A successful bidder for Manchester United could have to pay more than 300p a share, City sources suggested yesterday. The stock rose 13.	1
Investors see Eagles, Pats in Super Bowl Futures market lets investors buy and sell right to see teams if they make it to the big game. By Chris Isidore, CNN/Money senior writer.	1
Vivendi Flashes V for Victory Vivendi (NYSE: V) is one of those complex behemoths of a firm that normally doesn #39;t make it onto my radar since, as a lazy Fool, I prefer my companies small and simple.	2
Offense a horror for Nets The Nets #39; plan was a by-committee defensive attack on Dirk Nowitzki. The committee lost. But it wasn #39;t just Nowitzki #39;s 31 points that buried the Nets, 94-78, on Saturday afternoon at Continental Arena.	1
Iordanescu resigns as Romania coach Romania, depleted by injuries and suspensions, lost top spot in Group One after a 1-1 draw in Yerevan which handed Armenia their first point in five matches.	1
Sirius and Stern There is more to Howard Stern's migration to satellite radio than meets the FM dial's eye.	2
Ricky wants to play again He inquires about a return to the NFL but it #39;s doubtful he will play for Miami. DAVIE - After traveling the world, Ricky Williams has decided he would like to play football again.	1
Champions League: Group H - Chelsea clam up again and round up Jose Mourinho made several changes to his Chelsea side for the visit of Paris St.Germain, resulting in a rustrating but not entirely relevant 0-0 draw.	1
Double win for DiGrassi! Brazilian Lucas di Grassi scored his first two wins yesterday in Thruxton in the British F3 championship.	1
Briefly: House takes on piracy, 'video voyeurism' roundup Plus: Verizon sets up Iobi Home...Sun makes financial pitch...PeopleSoft-Oracle trial delayed.	3
Owen scores again Michael Owen scored the winner for Real Madrid yesterday to notch his first league goal for the Spanish club. Owen opened his account for Real in the Champions League in midweek when he scored the only goal 	1
Microsoft helps in bogus degrees case With help from software giant Microsoft Corp., officials tracked down two brothers who authorities say sold bogus college degrees over the Internet, including an MBA that was issued to a housecat.	3
Forbes: NHL Didn't Lose As Much As Stated (AP) AP - The NHL suffered less than half the losses it has claimed for the past two years, according to a report in Forbes Magazine.	1
Zara chain takes fur off shelves Inditex, the Spanish fashion group which owns Zara and Massimo Dutti, agrees to ditch fur just days before widespread demonstrations.	2
Dial 4-1-1 for Cell Phone Numbers? (PC World) PC World - A proposal for a wireless phone directory raises concerns in Congress.	3
Protesting Israeli Settlers Irk Sharon Description: Tens of thousands of Israeli settlers take to the streets of Jerusalem Sunday evening to protest Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to pull out of the Gaza Strip.	0
250 Leaders, But Not US, Back UN Population Plan  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - More than 250 world figures --  but not the Bush administration -- have urged the United  Nations to promote a population agenda that seeks women's  education, health care and family planning.	0
Football: Diouf on spitting charge The FA charges Bolton's El-Hadji Diouf with improper conduct after he spat at Portsmouth's Arjan de Zeeuw.	0
Viacom Posts Third-Quarter Net Loss  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Viacom Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VIAb.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VIAb.N&lt;/A&gt;&lt;VIA.N&gt; on  Thursday posted a third-quarter loss as a result of charges  from discontinued operations and a writedown of its assets, but  revenue rose on advertising sales growth at MTV and Nickelodeon  cable networks and the CBS television network.	2
Palestinians open election process to select candidate to replace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Palestinians formally opened the campaign to replace Yasser Arafat yesterday as candidates aspiring to replace the long-time leader began seeking signatures to qualify for the January 9 ballot.	0
Pixar Guides Higher The producer of  quot;The Incredibles quot; and  quot;Finding Nemo quot; also said Thursday that it was entertaining the idea of shifting its schedule back six months, so that its movies -- released at the pace of once a year -- would debut during summer vacation rather than 	2
Buyer's Remorse? (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - The early take on Oracle's tender offer for PeopleSoft was that it was insincere. Oracle boss Lawrence Ellison just wanted to sabotage PeopleSoft's relations with customers. So said various pundits when the takeover was announced a year ago.	3
AGASSI ADVANCES Andre Agassi advanced to the quarter-finals of the Stockholm Open with a comfortable 6-3 6-4 victory over 1997 champion Jonas Bjorkman of Sweden.	1
Semiconductor Breakthrough: Processor 24 times faster Your processor can now run 24 faster at the same power levels based on the new strained silicon transistor technology, as claimed by IBM and AMD today.	3
Money Funds Rose in Latest Week (AP) AP - Assets of the nation's retail money market mutual funds rose by  #36;135.5 million in the latest week to  #36;833.76 billion, the Investment Company Institute said Thursday.	2
Oprah to sit on murder trial jury US television host Oprah Winfrey is picked to sit on the jury for a murder trial in her home city of Chicago.	0
Iran says test fired more accurate Shihab-3 Iran said on Wednesday it had conducted tests on a more accurate version of the Shihab-3 missile, which is capable of reaching Israel.	0
Stitched-Up Schilling Makes World Series History  BOSTON (Reuters) - A stitched-up Curt Schilling became the  first pitcher in major league history to win World Series games  with three different teams after producing a gritty display  Sunday.	1
Results are in: They #39;re not same old Lakers Jeffrey Osborne sang the national anthem before a Lakers home opener for the 22nd straight year, the sellout crowd cheered loudest in the pregame introductions for Kobe Bryant and the Lakers 	1
Windows JPEG Exploit Ventures into the Wild The first example of a working program designed to exploit a bug in Microsoft #39;s GDI librarywhich allows malicious code to be run simply by viewing a JPEG imagehas been found in the wild.	3
Cooper sells auto parts business Cooper Tire and Rubber Co. said Friday it agreed to sell an automotive parts business to two buyout firms for about \$1.17 billion, the latest private equity purchase in the sector.	2
UN warns Sudan to stop violence The United Nations has warned the government in Sudan to end the violence happening in the African country. There has been loads of fighting in the western region of Darfur where more than a million people have fled their homes and thousands are dying.	0
Microsoft Delays New Windows Search Feature Microsoft will release its long-awaited update to its Windows operating system in 2006 without its advanced file search capability, the company said last week.	3
HBOS #39;s Crosby Shuns Abbey, Gives Santander 18 Million Clients James Crosby, chief executive of HBOS Plc, said yesterday he decided not to bid for Abbey National Plc, HBOS #39;s largest mortgage-banking rival, because cold analysis in the head #39; #39; told him not to.	2
PM Koizumi creates cabinet post, taps former FSA head TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi Monday reshuffled his Cabinet with the hope of drastically reforming Japan #39;s massive postal savings system the way some credit his administration with turning around banks #39; bad loan problem.	0
A Stock Party, Then a Retail Hangover FEW things stir the heart of stock investors like a huge merger deal. And last week #39;s shotgun wedding between Kmart and Sears, two limping retailers, was no exception.	2
Calif. Schools Warned of Identity Theft LOS ANGELES -- California university officials have warned nearly 600,000 students and faculty that they might be exposed to identity theft following incidents where computer hard drives loaded with their private information were lost or hacked into.	3
Apple Remote Desktop 2.1 available (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. on Monday released an update for Apple Remote Desktop (ARD), the company's software solution to assist Mac system administrators and computer managers with asset management, software distribution and help desk support. ARD 2.1 includes several enhancements and bug fixes.	3
Chinese FM discusses boosting links with Yemen (AFP) AFP - Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing concluded a visit to Yemen after handing President Ali Abdullah Saleh a message from his Chinese counterpart proposing boosting political and economic links between the two countries, the official SABA news agency reported.	0
Senators Urge Bush to Change Iraq Stance (AP) AP - Senators from both parties urged the Bush administration on Sunday to face the reality of the situation in Iraq and change its occupation policies.	0
Britain moving troops nearer to insurgents LONDON -- Responding to a US request, Britain agreed yesterday to transfer 850 troops from relatively calm southern Iraq into a stronghold of the Iraqi insurgency near Baghdad.	0
Giving Back Hope A controversial procedure for injured spines has turned a Beijing hospital into a medical mecca\	0
Malaria treatment target is found A transport system used by the malaria parasite to infect blood cells could be a target for new treatments, scientists hope.	0
Rover Report Card: Prospect of Mars Life More Likely Rolling, rolling, rolling. Keep those Mars rovers rolling. You can almost hear the crack of a Martian whip. Since January, NASAs Spirit and Opportunity robots have been wheeling and dealing with the red planet.	3
Film unit helps Sony post profit TOKYO Sony on Thursday reported a 61 percent jump in net profit for the most recent quarter as  quot;Spider-Man 2 quot; pulled in money for the company #39;s movie division, helping to conceal slides in its consumer electronics and video game businesses.	2
Terps Deny Musketeers Maryland's women's basketball team pulls out a tough 74-72 victory over Xavier when it blocks Kristy Wallner's attempt to tie the game for Xavier in the closing seconds.	1
Bush Signs Law to Boost North Korean Human Rights  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush has signed a law  aimed at bolstering human rights and market reforms in North  Korea, officials said on Tuesday.	0
Hammer Gold Medallist Annus Loses Medal  ATHENS (Reuters) - Olympic men's hammer champion Adrian  Annus has been stripped of his gold medal after failing to take  a drugs test, the International Olympic Committee said Sunday.	1
Bowden lands a new GM job WASHINGTON The Washington-bound Montreal Expos have a general manager, at least for the time being. Former Cincinnati Reds GM Jim Bowden (BOH #39;-den) has been hired for the job.	1
Microsoft security updates Microsoft has released fresh security updates for Office, and an update to its MSN messenger application. The MSN Messenger update brings the product to version 4.0.	3
Haitians Say Police Killed 13 in Pro-Aristide Slum  PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti (Reuters) - Residents of a  Port-au-Prince slum accused Haitian police on Wednesday of  executing 13 people believed to be supporters of ousted  President Jean-Bertrand Aristide.	0
Yahoo to close online payment service SAN FRANCISCO - Yahoo Inc. in November will close PayDirect, its online payments service that aimed to compete with eBay Inc. #39;s PayPal, the company said Friday.	3
Swift takes off The first space mission dedicated to gamma-ray bursts was launched from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida on Saturday. Gamma-ray bursts are the most energetic events in the universe, but they continue to 	3
Japan firms sentiment at 13-year high Japans most closely watched business sentiment barometer rose to its highest in 13 years in September but the outlook for the coming months dimmed, underscoring concern that the economic recovery is losing steam.	2
Greek PM meets Mubarak (AFP) AFP - Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis, the first Greek premier to visit Egypt in 12 years, held talks in Cairo with President Hosni Mubarak.	0
Reed Takes Offense Safety Ed Reed has made game-changing plays in three of the Ravens' last four wins, and has become a scoring threat from the defensive side of the ball.	1
One clear reason to hang with Blue Jays By the time the Blue Jays arrive home following the longest road trip of the year, next weekend #39;s season-ending three games against the Yankees will likely amount to nothing more important than exhibitions in late March.	1
N.Korea Says Blast Part of Hydro-Electric Project (Reuters) Reuters - North Korea said Monday last week's\explosion in its remote northeast was part of a hydro-electric\project, the BBC quoted the North's foreign minister as saying.	0
Dave Dickenson gets the start at quarterback for the BC Lions OTTAWA (CP) - The CFL #39;s most outstanding player started the 92nd Grey Cup on the bench. BC Lions coach Wally Buono went with experience over youth Sunday, starting veteran Dave Dickenson in the Grey Cup against 	1
Pennington Set to Start Sunday (Reuters) Reuters - New York Jets\quarterback Chad Pennington is expected to start Sunday's game\against Houston after missing the last three weeks with a\rotator cuff injury.	1
As School Toll Tops 350, Putin Vows Fight BESLAN, Russia - A shaken President Vladimir Putin made a rare and candid admission of Russian weakness Saturday in the face of an "all-out war" by terrorists after more than 350 people - nearly half of them children - were killed in a hostage-taking at a southern school.    Putin went on national television to tell Russians they must mobilize against terrorism...	0
Lawyer introduces harassment scheme in Ovitz case In the trial of former Walt Disney Co. President Michael Ovitz, the plaintiff #39;s lawyer accused the company #39;s former official of leaking rumors to the press accusing NBC West Coast chief Don Ohlmeyer of sexually 	2
Cities versus cities The traditional competition for U.S. offshore outsourcing business was between nations. That's about to change, according to a new study.	3
Butcher backs Souness Terry Butcher has backed his former Rangers manager Graeme Souness to be a success after taking over at Newcastle. Butcher believes Souness, who has quit Blackburn, is perfect for a club plagued 	1
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Live Reports from Search Engine Strategies San Jose 2004 - PPC Bounce Rate - Google AdWords Myths - After SEMPO: Should We Start a Trade Association? - Search Inventory vs. Conversion - Terra Sells Lycos at Yard Sale Price	3
Liberty 75, Shock 62 Elena Baranova scored 17 points to lead the New York Liberty to a 75-62 victory over the Detroit Shock in Game 1 of their first-round WNBA playoff series.	1
Life is a Gas: Methane Might Support Underground ET (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A new test that produced methane under conditions mimicking the deep interiors of Earth and Mars lends support to an idea that the gas could theoretically support unseen colonies of microbes on both worlds. And the study hints at the possibility of a potential vast supply of petroleum products.	3
Palestinian Gunmen Kidnap CNN Producer (AP) AP - Palestinian gunmen abducted a CNN producer in Gaza City on Monday, the network said.	0
ASEAN armies exchange intelligence info to combat terrorism JAKARTA - Army chiefs from the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations agreed Tuesday to share intelligence information in order to curb terrorism and transnational crimes.	0
Gateway PC Delivers New Motherboard Standard BTX technology cools down the company's new 700GR desktop.	3
Dollar Recoups Losses But Stuck in Range (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar recouped earlier losses\against the yen on Thursday, but currencies shuttled in narrow\ranges as investors awaited direction from U.S. growth data and\comments from Federal Reserve chief Alan Greenspan.	2
Myskina Beats Dementieva Again to Win in Moscow  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Anastasia Myskina trounced Elena  Dementieva, 7-5, 6-0, in the Kremlin Cup final Sunday to retain  her Moscow title in a rematch of their all-Russian French Open  final earlier this year.	1
GoldenEye: Rogue Agent A lackluster FPS that #39;s lacking in almost every category, this Bond is by no means golden. November 22, 2004 - In a fall season slammed with AAA first-person shooters, Electronic Arts #39; move to release GoldenEye 	3
AT amp;T to Offer Service at Circuit City Telecommunications giant AT amp;T Corp. said on Wednesday that it will offer its CallVantage Internet-based phone service at consumer electronics retailer Circuit City Stores Inc.	3
Khartoum, Darfur Rebels Split on Peace Chances (Reuters) Reuters - Sudan's government said on Thursday it\hoped to reach a deal in talks resuming on Friday with rebels\in Darfur, which the United Nations says is descending into\chaos.	0
EU chief backs Turkey #39;s bid, but warns over Cyprus The European Commission voiced support for Turkey #39;s bid to join the EU Friday and expressed hope for a  quot;positive outcome quot; at a summit next week, but warned that recognition of Cyprus is crucial to Ankara #39;s hopes.	0
Pele: Brazilians should strike Brazilian legend Pele has suggested that footballers in his native country should go on strike in opposition to late payments and other issues.	1
U.N.: Peruvians Relying on Food Aid Tens of thousands of Peruvians are surviving on international food aid after the harshest weather in decades devastated their harvests, the United Nations said Tuesday.	0
Ichiro Nears Hit Record in Mariners' Loss OAKLAND, Calif. - Ichiro Suzuki went home without the major league hits record, thanks to Oakland's determined pitching staff - and a much bigger hit by Bobby Crosby...	0
Hurricane Ivan Kills 12 in Grenada (AP) AP - The most powerful hurricane to hit Grenada in nearly a decade killed at least 12 people, damaged 90 percent of its homes and destroyed a prison, leaving criminals on the loose, officials said Wednesday. American students took precautions against looters.	0
World ; Mexico Opposition Has Early Lead in State Voting Victories would put the PRI on track to win back the presidency after losing it in 2000 to President Vicente Fox #39;s center-right National Action Party (PAN) after 71 years of uninterrupted rule.	0
Utah's Smith to Turn Pro  SALT LAKE CITY (Sports Network) - Utah standout quarterback  Alex Smith has apparently decided to take his skills to the  next level, opting to skip his senior season and enter April's  NFL Draft.	1
Nervous Democrats link Kerry's debate fortunes with their own (AFP) AFP - Anxious Democrats in Congress were counting on their presidential challenger John Kerry to stage a comeback in his debate against President George W. Bush, as they nervously prepare for a vote in November on their own future.	0
Spacecraft aims for titanic discovery Planetary scientists expect to be  quot;pleasantly bewildered quot; tonight when the first close-up pictures of Saturn #39;s haze-shrouded moon Titan are beamed back to Earth from NASA #39;s Cassini spacecraft.	3
Reggae Boyz Head to World Cup Qualifier (AP) AP - Jamaica's soccer team left the island Monday for Columbus, Ohio, where it will play the United States in a crucial World Cup qualifying match.	1
Laptop full of new tunes stolen from Natasha Bedingfield (AFP) AFP - Chart-topping pop singer Natasha Bedingfield's laptop computer -- with a hard disk full of new songs and lyrics -- has been stolen at Heathrow airport.	0
Bullpen came undone The Angels' bullpen, a collection of arms expert in dishing out misery all season, took lead roles in their own ugly production of Les Miserables here last night in Game 2 of the American League Divison Series.	1
Washington, DC Council Moves on Baseball Funding Washington, DC #39;s City Council on Tuesday approved a debt and tax-backed financing plan to build a new stadium for Major League Baseball, moving a step closer to bringing baseball back to the US capital.	1
Should Google blame Foot in Mouth disease, or Evil Bankers? &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Lost in Space	3
Microsoft registers trademark--19 years late Does Microsoft's official trademark application for Excel signal an infringement crackdown?	3
Colander Misses Chance to Emulate Jones  ATHENS (Reuters) - But for a decision that enraged her  coach, LaTasha Colander might have been the Marion Jones of the  Athens Olympics.	1
Rare Event: Jupiter to Hide Behind the Moon (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A rare and spectacular event will occur in the early morning hours of Tuesday, Dec. 7 when the brilliant planet Jupiter and three of its largest satellites pass behind Earth's Moon.	3
New BALCO hit: Collins banned 8 years COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - Sprinter Michelle Collins was suspended for eight years for a doping violation linked to the BALCO scandal and will forfeit results that include 2003 indoor world and US titles in the 200 meters.	1
Skoko tells of Roos #39; resolve MATCH-winning midfielder Josip Skoko yesterday revealed the multi-millionaire Socceroos have made a pact to sacrifice all creature comforts in pursuit of a World Cup spot.	1
Soccer: Battling Charlton keep unbeaten home record LONDON : Charlton came from a goal down to draw 1-1 with Newcastle at The Valley and maintain their unbeaten home record this season.	1
FDA wants new study of lupus drug Federal regulators said yesterday that they won #39;t approve La Jolla Pharmaceutical #39;s experimental lupus drug without an additional human study to prove its benefits.	2
The Choice on the Deficit BOTH PRESIDENTIAL candidates want you to think they have a serious plan to deal with the budget deficit. President Bush and Democratic nominee John F. Kerry each promise to cut it in half in the next several years.	2
Oil prices hit new high - and more to come Crude oil prices will top \$US50 (\$A69) a barrel for the first time this week, despite a slight fall in New York on Friday night, some analysts have predicted.	2
31 die as trains collide in India Welders cut through metal and soldiers pulled bodies from the crushed cars of two trains that collided head-on Tuesday in northern India, killing 31 people.	0
Kabul tense after truck bombing of US security firm kills seven KABUL : A heavy security clampdown was enforced in the Afghan capital after the bombing of a US firm left at least seven dead and 28 wounded, and raised new fears about security just weeks before elections.	0
Bush said ready to lift Libya sanctions WASHINGTON -- President Bush has decided to lift sanctions against Libya, which he expects to trigger the release of more than \$1 billion to families of PanAm Flight 103 victims, a senior administration official said yesterday.	0
Wal-Mart Rejects Proposed D.C. Location Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said it would scrap plans to build its first District store after senior executives visited the proposed site in the Brentwood, NE neighborhood and found it did not meet their requirements.	2
Sendo, Microsoft settle smart phone lawsuit Sendo sued Microsoft in December 2002, alleging that it had stolen proprietary technology and trade secrets and used them to move into the mobile phone market. Microsoft denied the charges and had filed a countersuit.	3
Gateway PCs Available at Micro Center Stores  quot;Gateway #39;s newly-established relationship with Micro Center is a very exciting one, quot; said Bob Davidson, senior vice president of retail at Gateway.	3
Stocks Open Higher, Shrug Off Oil Spike (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks opened higher on Tuesday,\with beaten down shares offering bargains to investors and oil\producer stocks bolstered by crude oil prices breaking through\the  #36;50 a barrel mark.	2
Price of Global Hawk Surveillance Rises The cost of a program to build high-profile unmanned surveillance aircraft, known as Global Hawks, has increased by nearly \$900 million since 2001, according to a Government Accountability Office report released Monday.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Renae Merle&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	3
Convention Timing Gives Bush Money Edge (AP) AP - John Kerry cut his campaign spending sharply last month in an effort to stretch  #36;75 million in government funding, but he still started September with several million less than President Bush.	0
Schwab Paying  #36;350,000 Fine in Settlement (AP) AP - Brokerage Charles Schwab  amp; Co. has agreed to pay a  #36;350,000 civil fine to settle federal regulators' allegations that it illegally allowed certain customers to change mutual fund trade orders after the market's close.	2
Former high school football star executed for slaying Houston man HUNTSVILLE, Texas A former high school football star has been executed in Texas for a 1994 slaying. Demarco McCullum was arrested the day that he was supposed to leave for a junior college where he had an athletic scholarship.	1
Mexico 'Dirty War' Tale Ends Happily, Victim Found  MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Aleida Gallangos met her brother in  Washington last week for the first time since he was kidnapped  by Mexican police 30 years ago, closing one chapter in the  annals of Mexico's "dirty war" on a rare joyous note.	0
PDA Market Continues its Downslide: IDC With the advent of smartphones and declining popularity of personal digital assistant (PDAs), IDC has reported a drastic fall in sales of PDAs worldwide with the industry recording a year-on-year fall for the third successive quarter.	3
Great Lakes leaders pledge peace Presidents of the Great Lakes region in Africa have signed a declaration designed bring peace to the region.	0
Planets in dazzling array; conjunction peaks next week Early morning joggers, dog-walkers and commuters are enjoying a dazzling predawn light show in the eastern sky this week. Jupiter and Venus, the two brightest planets visible 	3
NFL Preview: NFL Preview The end zone could be a very lonely place when the Charm City meets the Capital City tonight. (5:30 pm, ESPN). The usually stout defense of the Baltimore Ravens has some pride to restore after a bad game in prime time.	1
Microsoft: Linux may mean price cuts, fewer sales Microsoft has filed a report with the US Securities and Exchange Commission warning that 2005 could be challenging, as Linux continues to steal business and PC sales remain sluggish.	2
Hewitt and Henman advance in Paris Paris, France (Sports Network) - Second-seeded Lleyton Hewitt and third-seeded Tim Henman each posted second-round victories Tuesday at the \$3.	1
India #39;s unmanned moon mission going smoothly: official India #39;s unmanned moon mission -Chandrayan - is expected to take place in 2007-08 as it is progressing smoothly, the country #39;s space agency chief G. MadhavanNair said here Sunday.	3
Nikkei Opens Flat Before Long Weekend (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average opened down 0.07\percent on Friday following lackluster trade on Wall Street and\as investors wound down trading ahead of a long weekend in\Japan and bookclosings for the first half of the business year.	0
Giants' Coughlin Gets Win Over Redskins Linebacker Barrett Green scored on a 16-yard fumble return and the Giants forced seven turnovers, handing Tom Coughlin his first win as the team's head coach.	1
Briefly: Blizzard wins online game suit roundup Plus: CA adds utility-like mainframe pricing, expects...Salesforce.com reports subscriber surge...RealNetworks signs up Red Flag Linux.	3
ITV says advertising growth accelerating LONDON : Britain #39;s largest commercial television network ITV comfortably beat profit forecasts in the first half of this year and said advertising revenues rose 4.9 percent year-on-year, the best performance since 2000.	2
Israel #39;s Labour Party raps Sharon aide #39;s remarks on pullout plan Israel #39;s Labour Party lashed out Wednesday at a Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s aide who said the Gaza pullout plan was aimed at freezing the peace process.	0
Region's Affluence Yields Stable Returns Washington area's job growth and well-educated consumers attract plenty of nationally-known retailers willing to compete for space, driving up rent prices.	2
Harbhajan spins India to victory CALCUTTA: Off spinner Harbhajan Singh took seven wickets as India crushed South Africa by eight wickets to clinch the two-Test series 1-0 yesterday.	1
Siemens acquires Chantry for larger WLAN play Siemens AG has acquired Chantry Networks, a step that will extend its enterprise offerings and Voice over Internet Protocol into the wireless local area network space.	3
Spherix Executive Resigns The chief executive of Spherix Inc. resigned after the board of the Beltsville company rejected his proposal to scale back its biotechnology division and focus on information services.	3
Kremlin Reasserts Hold on Russia's Oil and Gas A judge in Houston tried to temporarily halt Russia's planned auction of the most profitable unit of oil giant Yukos.	2
Players fit to drop, warns Rusedski The news that Tim Henman is on the road to recovery from his magnesium deficiency will have come as good news to his followers in Switzerland - and after Roger Federer #39;s last-minute withdrawal 	1
Arms hold key as Ulster deal deadline is put back Sinn Fin #39;s president, Gerry Adams, last night placed responsibility for clinching an agreement to restore the power-sharing executive in Northern Ireland firmly in the hands of the British and Irish government - despite the enduring barrier of mistrust 	0
NL Wrap: Giants Rally for Big Win (Reuters) Reuters - Marquis Grissom hit a grand slam\homer and the San Francisco Giants rallied from a six run\deficit to defeat the Arizona Diamondbacks 9-7 in National\League play on Saturday.	1
Cricket: Zimbabwe tour go-ahead English cricket authorities give the national team the go-ahead to tour Zimbabwe.	0
A New Legal Chapter for a 90's Flameout A lawsuit against Gary Winnick, the former chief of Global Crossing, refocuses attention on what Mr. Winnick knew about his company's finances as it imploded.	2
Bonds 3-For-3 But No Homer, Remains at 699  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Barry Bonds went 3-for-3 with a walk  but failed to hit his 700th career home run Thursday as the San  Francisco Giants beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4-0 in National  League play at Miller Park.	1
New blow for Unilever SALES at consumer goods giant Unilever slumped 4 in its latest quarter, heaping yet more bad news on long-suffering investors. Just weeks after a devastating profit warning braced the markets for grim tidings 	2
Arguments conclude in evolution sticker trial Attorneys in a lawsuit challenging evolution disclaimers on biology textbooks in a suburban school district made closing arguments today in Atlanta before a federal judge.	3
New Lawsuit Challenges Anti-Piracy Technology By LAURENCE FROST    PARIS (AP) -- Copy protection technologies used to prevent CDs from being pirated online are facing a legal challenge in France, where a judge began a formal investigation of record label EMI Group PLC for using them.    Confirming a report in French financial daily Les Echos, the record store Fnac said Wednesday it has also been placed under investigation by a French judge along with EMI's French arm...	3
Hoon Faces MPs over Iraq Troop Deployment By Andrew Woodcock and James Lyons, Political Correspondents, PA News. Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon is expected to tell MPs today that no decision has yet been made on whether to deploy British troops in the American-controlled sector of Iraq.	0
Five Palestinians killed Israeli attack that targeted Hamas activist in Gaza City JERUSALEM Israel set off a mysterious explosion in an olive grove near the house of a senior Hamas activist Wednesday, killing five Palestinians and wounding seven. The strike came just before Prime Minister Ariel Sharon faced a key party test linked to ...	0
Gates, UNESCO Sign Computer Access Deal Microsoft Corp. chairman Bill Gates, left, shakes hands with UNESCO secretary-general Koichiro Matsuura prior to their press conference at the UNESCO headquarters in Paris Wednesday, Nov. 17, 2004, after signing 	3
Barghouthi Pulls Out of Palestinian Election Jailed Palestinian uprising leader Marwan Barghouthi has pulled out of a Jan. 9 presidential election to succeed Yasser Arafat, a close aide said on Sunday.	0
Cargill sells a number of its steel operations for \$266 million Cargill Inc. in Minnetonka has sold eight of its steel-making facilities, including operations in St. Paul and Duluth, to Gerdau Ameristeel in Toronto for a total of \$266 million.	2
Report: Calif economy will see growth in 2005, but danger looms LOS ANGELES A report says California #39;s economy will see solid growth next year, but danger looms. The quarterly UCLA Anderson Forecast says the state #39;s fortunes could change if the national economy falters 	2
Goodyear to post profit Goodyear Tire  amp; Rubber Co. (NYSE: GT) expects its third quarter to go from red to black as it posts record sales in this year #39;s third quarter.	2
Turkish company announces it is withdrawing from Iraq to save &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Turkish company said Sunday it was withdrawing from Iraq a day after Iraqi militants threatened to behead its employee unless it ceased operations in the country, the Anatolia news agency reported.	0
Barghouthi Mulls Pulling Out of Palestinian Election  BEERSHEBA, Israel (Reuters) - Palestinian leader Marwan  Barghouthi is considering pulling out of a presidential race to  avoid splitting his mainstream Fatah faction, an Israeli-Arab  lawmaker said after visiting him in jail.	0
Tenet Healthcare Sees 4Q Results Below 3Q Hospital chain Tenet Healthcare Corp. said Monday that fourth-quarter results from continuing operations will fall below third-quarter levels, due to weak volumes and high bad debt expense, and forecast a slow earnings recovery in 2005.	2
Dell touts in-home services Dell offers to install its PCs, televisions and networks, and provide extra phone support for stopping viruses and spyware.	3
Hawaii's Chang Second on NCAA Pass List (AP) AP - Hawaii's Timmy Chang moved into second place on the NCAA career passing yardage list Saturday night.	1
UPDATE 2-National City 3rd-quarter profit rises 72 pct National City Corp. (NCC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said third-quarter profit rose a greater-than-expected 72 percent, helped by a recent acquisition and its consumer and corporate banking businesses.	2
Cisco, Microsoft bridge security gap Cisco Systems Inc. and Microsoft Corp. on Monday will announce a collaborative effort designed to bridge a divide between their emerging network access-control architectures.	3
Fish, Spadea Win in Delray Beach (AP) AP - Top-seeded Vincent Spadea and second-seeded Mardy Fish won Tuesday night in the first round of the Millennium International Tennis Championships on Tuesday night.	1
Reconstructing the utility storage system vision NOVEMBER 15, 2004 (SNW ONLINE) - Since the late 1990s, leading data storage technology vendors have adopted a myopic and largely self-serving approach for addressing the two central challenges of enterprise storage: resource provisioning and data 	3
Controversial File-Trading Bill Moves Forward Proposed law would allow more people to be charged with criminal copyright violations.	3
Singh plans new regime to stay on top While Tiger Woods was getting married beside the waters of the Caribbean, beside the slightly chillier waters of the North Sea here the two best golfers in the world will be contesting the Dunhill Links Championship.	1
UN says Sudan failing on Darfur A new United Nations report says Sudan has not disarmed Arab militias or stopped attacks against civilians in the strife-torn Darfur region.	0
West Bank raids leave 10 dead Israeli raids in the West Bank have left at least 10 Palestinians dead, including an 11-year-old girl and a number of wanted militants.	0
Aussie Ellis third in LPGA event Australia #39;s Michelle Ellis is three strokes off the pace after the first round of the LPGA event in Portland, Oregon. Ellis fired a 4-under-par 68 to be two shots behind outright leader, American Brandi Jackson on 6-under.	1
Leaders call for a peaceful intifada The Palestinian leadership has announced a three-point programme of non-violent resistance in an attempt to wrest the diplomatic initiative from Israel.	0
Top-Ranked Trojans Whip Colorado State  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - LenDale White carried the  ball 14 times for 123 yards and scored three touchdowns to lead  top-ranked Southern California to a dominating 49-0 shutout of  Colorado State at the Coliseum.	1
Canadians protest against Bush visit THOUSANDS of Canadians have taken to the streets in protest as US President George Bush began his first official visit to the country.	0
Infocus: SSH Host Key Protection This is the first in a series of articles on SSH in-depth. We start with looking at standard SSH host keys by examining the verification process to ensure you have not been the victim of an attack.	3
Web-searching giant now lets users browse their own PCs It should be as easy to search a computer as it is to search the Web. And Google, the current king of Web-searching, recently introduced a new desktop program for Windows 	3
PluggedIn: Lost? Your Phone Knows a Way Out (Reuters) Reuters - Back when everyone\believed the world was flat, people thought these rocky shores\on Spain's windswept "coast of death" were the end of the\world. In today's world, you only need a mobile phone to get\there ... and back.	3
Lightning Get Rings in Private Ceremony (AP) AP - It should have been an occasion for the Tampa Bay Lightning to bask one more time in the glow of winning the Stanley Cup.	1
Mars rovers still phoning home While we go about our days, an amazing 34 million or so miles away our pair of Mars Rovers are still going about their days, although theirs are 45 minutes longer and are called  quot;sols.	3
A Slowed Hurricane Jeanne Slams Into Florida, on Way to Tampa The National Hurricane Center said that Jeanne was slightly calmer, but still packing a wallop for storm-weary Floridians.	0
HarperCollins' State of Bliss The News Corp. publishing division appears to have a winning title on its hands.	2
Two big PeopleSoft shareholders split vote on Oracle bid Reflecting the uncertainty that has always swirled around Oracle's hostile bid for control of PeopleSoft, two major PeopleSoft shareholders have reached opposite conclusions about how to cast their votes on Oracle's buyout offer.	3
Kenyan president congratulates Maathai for winning Nobel Peace &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki on Friday congratulated Wangari Maathai, the assistant minister for environment and natural resources, for becoming the first African woman to win 	0
Deutsche Bank Says It #39;s Not in Talks With Glazer, Denies Report Deutsche Bank AG said it #39;s not in talks with US billionaire Malcolm Glazer about financing a possible bid for Manchester United Plc, denying a newspaper report earlier today.	1
UPDATE 3-Kumble fells Australia, Warne equals record Leg spinner Anil Kumble captured seven wickets for 48 runs as Australia were dismissed for 235 on the first day of the second test on Thursday.	1
Top Saddam aides to go on trial from next week BAGHDAD - Saddam Husseins top henchmen will start going on trial for crimes against humanity next week, Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said yesterday, as he warned violence would increase after Iraqs landmark elections in January.	0
Federal Regulators Find Problems at 4 Big Auditors The new regulatory body for the auditing industry said that its inspections of the Big Four accounting firms had found "significant audit and accounting issues."	2
UK Will Listen, Not Negotiate, with Iraq Kidnappers (Reuters) Reuters - Britain is ready to listen to kidnappers\holding a British hostage in Iraq but is not prepared to\negotiate with them or pay them a ransom, Foreign Secretary\Jack Straw said on Thursday.	0
Charges dropped against MHS students in rape case Prosecutors dismissed all charges Wednesday, Nov. 3, against two Montclair High School students who were accused of raping a 15-year-old schoolmate last month, ending a case that brought 	1
PITCAIRN WITNESS: CULTURE OF SILENCE In the first of a series of Pitcairn sex abuse trials, a British woman allegedly raped during her childhood on the remote Pacific island has told a court that men on the island were given free rein to treat young girls as sexual playthings.	0
Iran urges EU to honor nuclear deal Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, chairman of the powerful Expediency Council of Iran, on Sunday urged European countries to honor a nuclear deal with Tehran, the official IRNA news agency reported.	0
French Hostages Said Alive, Headscarf Ban Enforced  BAGHDAD/PARIS (Reuters) - A French Muslim delegation in  Iraq said Thursday they had proof that two French hostages held  by Islamic militants were alive, even though France refused to  lift a ban on Muslim headscarves as the school year began.	0
Fannie Mae Crisis Raises Concerns on Leadership Fannie Maes chief, Franklin Raines, once seen as a rising star and possible future Treasury secretary, may have to reassess his ambitions.	2
Czech Republic Crushes Germany in World Cup Hockey  PRAGUE (Reuters) - The Czech Republic's vaunted offense  finally roared to life, erupting for five unanswered goals in  the second period on the way to a 7-2 thrashing of Germany at  the World Cup Friday.	1
Three more Malaysians face bird flu checks Three children of a Malaysian vet have joined her in hospital for checks to see if they have bird flu, state media reported on Sunday.	0
Europe to Sue Over Data Greece Gave on Economy The European Commission said it would sue Greece for submitting incaccurate deficit figures before joining the euro zone in 2001.	2
Eight terror suspects appear in British court Eight men charged with planning terrorist attacks in Britain and the US have entered no pleas in a British court guarded by some of the tightest security ever seen. 	0
Dollar Holds Gains Before Greenspan, Data  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar bobbed near a one-week high  against the euro on Tuesday as investors waited to see if  forthcoming U.S. data and a speech by Federal Reserve Chairman  Alan Greenspan would reinforce optimism over the U.S. economy.	2
Venus Williams Beats Serena in Exhibition (AP) AP - Venus Williams defeated injured sister Serena 6-4, 7-5 in an exhibition match Thursday night.	1
Click-less phishing scam steals passwords A phishing scam has been detected that doesn #39;t require users to click on a link in order to jeopardise their personal data. Simply opening the email may be enough, according to Messagelabs.	3
SBC, Microsoft Ink  #36;400M Internet TV Deal (AP) AP - SBC Communications Inc. will use a Microsoft Corp. software system to transmit television over high-speed Internet connections like the ones SBC will offer after replacing the local arteries of its copper telephone network with fiber-optic cables.	3
Westwood leads Goosen England #39;s Lee Westwood leads South Africa #39;s Retief Goosen by one shot going into the final day of the Nedbank Challenge in Sun City.	1
Westmoreland to buy rest of Roanoake Valley project Westmoreland Coal Co. (WLB.A: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Friday it will buy the 50 percent stake it does not already own of the Roanoke Valley Power Project, or ROVA, in 	2
Analysts Question Sun's Open-Source Solaris Plans (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Sun's plans to offer Solaris code to the open-source community leaves some analysts scratching their heads.	3
Stocks Seen Higher Before Jobs Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures surged Friday  morning on the back of Intel Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=INTC.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;INTC.O&lt;/A&gt; raised quarterly  sales forecast and lower oil prices, but strategists said the  market's early direction would be dictated by the monthly  employment data due out before the start of trading.	2
Chris Stone to leave Novell Inc. Vice chairman of the office of the chief executive officer in Novell Inc, Chris Stone is leaving the company to pursue other opportunities in life.	3
Vogts #39; future still in the balance The Scottish Football Association postponed a board meeting Tuesday that had been called to discuss the German #39;s future. Scotland has picked up just two points from its first three qualifying games for the 2006 World Cup.	1
Pope Celebrates Mass Near Hilltop Shrine Pope John Paul II traveled to a hilltop shrine near the Adriatic Sea Sunday to celebrate an open-air Mass attended by tens of thousands of pilgrims.	0
Thomson to Support Next-Generation DVD Formats Short for high definition-DVD, a generic term for the technology of recording high-definition video on a DVD. In general, HD-DVD is capable of storing between two and four times as much data as standard DVD.	3
Flames coach Sutter undergoes appendectomy Calgary, AB (Sports Network) - Calgary Flames head coach Darryl Sutter underwent an emergency appendectomy and is expected to make a full recovery.	1
Brunell Rests Injury Mark Brunell spent most of Thursday's practice on the sideline because of a left hamstring injury, while backup Patrick Ramsey took most of the snaps in preparation for Monday's game against Dallas.	1
Two held after Air France flight diverted WASHINGTON -- A flight from Paris bound for Dulles International Airport was diverted Saturday night after US Customs officials detained two passengers aboard, officials said.	2
Invest in Housing Without Buying a Home (Reuters) Reuters - Playing the U.S. housing market may no\longer require actually buying a home.	2
Microsoft To Resume SP2 Auto Updating Wednesday Microsoft will resume rolling out Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) Wednesday when it starts pushing the massive update to business users via Windows Automatic Update and the Windows Update Web site.	3
Virus chaos thwarted by poor social engineering The latest variant of the Sober virus was released on Friday and has been spreading over the weekend, but antivirus experts say the situation could have been much worse.	3
Schumi: All in a day #39;s work Suzuka - Ferrari technical director Ross Brawn said on Sunday the temporarily enforced format of qualifying and racing on the same day at the Japanese Grand Prix was not as difficult as had been expected.	1
Japan lifts men #39;s gymnastics team gold (updated) ATHENS, Aug. 16 (Xinhuanet) -- World championships third-placers Japan took a sweet revenge on Monday to claim the men #39;s gymnasticsteam title at the Athens Olympics with a total score of 173.821 points. 	1
New England Patriots Win 18th Straight (AP) AP - Five NFL teams haven't lost this season. One of them, the New England Patriots, haven't lost in more than a year.	1
Defoe - excited about Old Trafford clash Jermain Defoe is convinced England #39;s new-look  #39;awesome #39; forward line can douse the Welsh dragon #39;s fire at Old Trafford on Saturday.	1
Red Sox Take Control of AL Wild-Card Race The surging Boston Red Sox have seized control of the AL wild-card race - with an eye on winning their division. Derek Lowe (13-10) pitched effectively into the eighth inning and Boston completed a three-game sweep of the Anaheim Angels with a 4-3 victory Thursday night - the Red Sox's season-high ninth straight win...	0
Germans Say Plot Against Allawi Foiled; 3 Arrested German authorities said they disrupted a possible plot to attack Iraq's interim prime minister, Ayad Allawi, during his visit here Friday, arresting three Iraqi men and conducting raids across the country.	0
Leggett  amp; Platt, Briggs in Supply Pact Leggett  amp; Platt Inc. said Monday that it will supply lawnmower-engine maker Briggs  amp; Stratton Corp. with aluminum die castings for an assembly plant in Auburn, Ala.	2
Aid to Iraq should be sent faster, donors say TOKYO Aid to Iraq should be disbursed faster, Iraqi companies should get priority for contracts, and projects should be focused on bolstering parliamentary elections that are to be held in January, Iraqis and donor representatives agreed on Thursday at 	0
European Central Bank Leaves Rates Alone The European Central Bank left its key refinancing rate unchanged at 2 percent Thursday amid signs that the recovery in the 12-nation euro zone may be sputtering.	2
iMac G5: Coolest Computer Ever Describing the new iMac G5, Chris Taylor writes in TIME,  #147;What you get for that money is quite possibly the coolest personal computer yet created. The cool is more than merely aesthetic. Unlike a lot of previous Mac machines, on which you could almost fry an egg, the iMac G5 #146;s beautiful white surface does not get noticeably hot. Nor, at a whisper-quiet 25 decibels, does it make enough noise for most people to hear #133; #148;  Sep 07	3
Fumbles, stumbles lead Colts to tumble With so much on the line in front of a sold-out, lathered-up RCA Dome crowd Sunday, the Indianapolis Colts simply seized up. They emerged from their bye week not looking anything like the 	1
Russia's Gazprom to bid for Yukos unit The nascent petroleum division of natural gas giant Gazprom will bid for the crown jewels of the battered Yukos oil empire, its chief said yesterday -- a move that could put the heart of the company jailed billionaire Mikhail Khodorkovsky created in Kremlin-friendly hands.	2
As Frances Nears, Fla. Urges Evacuations MIAMI - Nearly a half-million people were ordered to evacuate as Hurricane Frances swirled toward Florida on Wednesday just weeks after Charley's devastating visit, threatening to deliver the most powerful one-two punch to hit a state in at least a century.    Those planning to ride out the storm snapped up canned food, water and generators, while military helicopters and planes were flown out of the area and Cape Canaveral's Kennedy Space Center said it would close on Thursday...	0
World Airline Losses Near \$5 Billion in 2004 The global airlines body IATA said on Tuesday the industry was heading for a near \$5 billion deficit on international operations this year, pushing its total losses since 2001 to a massive \$35 billion.	2
Indonesian President Visits War-Torn Northern Province Indonesia #39;s recently-elected president has visited the country #39;s war-torn province of Aceh, the scene of one of Asia #39;s longest-running separatist rebellions.	0
Historic flight will take off from Salina A two-mile runway, favorable weather and a central location make Salina the best place for the Global-Flyer #39;s early January record attempt, participants say.	3
Defense Department Tests Blimp Pentagon police said the Defense Department is testing a security blimp -- equipped with surveillance cameras. The white blimp has been spotted this morning over the Pentagon and the Capitol building.	3
Hyatt buying AmeriSuites for about \$600M CHICAGO -- The Pritzker family #39;s Hyatt Corp. said Thursday it plans to buy the AmeriSuites hotel chain from Blackstone Group in a deal reportedly worth more than \$600 million.	2
Nortel plans to lay off 3,250 employees Nortel Networks Corp. will lay off approximately 1,400 employees in the U.S. and about 950 in Canada, with those employees to be notified by the end of June 2005, the network equipment vendor said in a regulatory filing Thursday that fleshed out earlier announcements of the coming layoffs.	3
Airlines Agree to Cuts at O'Hare Airlines operating at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport have agreed to cut flights  to reduce delays that ripple across the country, sources familiar with the talks said yesterday.	2
E-Mail Program Lacks 'Wow' Factor The Firefox browser has become an instant sensation, in just a few weeks gaining impressively against Microsoft Corp.'s market-leading but malware-beleaguered Internet Explorer.	3
Russia to Allow State-Owned Firms to Bid on Yukos Assets President Vladimir Putin said Friday, the government has no plans to seize the embattled oil giant, but if its assets are sold, anyone, including government organizations, will be able to bid.	2
IBM Adds Fingerprint Sensor to ThinkPads IBM has added biometric security to its ThinkPad notebook line, claiming that the technology is now ready for prime time. IBM has added a fingerprint scanner to its T42 ThinkPad notebook chassis and will offer 	3
Hotel franchisor acquires Orbitz In a deal combining two travel industry powerhouses, hotel franchisor and real estate service company Cendant Corp. agreed to acquire Internet travel agency Orbitz Inc.	2
EU seeks revamp budget pact The European Commission on Friday suggested ways of revamping the EU #39;s Stability and Growth Pact and said the proposed changes would restore the credibility of its much-flouted budget discipline rules.	2
Report: Apple offered Sony iTunes deal (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple Computer Inc. Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Steve Jobs offered Nobuyuki Idei, chairman and group CEO of Sony Corp., the chance for Sony to come aboard Apple's iTunes Music Store service, the Nikkei Sangyo Shimbun newspaper reported in its Sept. 2 edition. The offer would have allowed for joint operation of the service, the newspaper said.	3
Indian Train Crash Kills 25, Over 250 Injured  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - At least 25 people were killed and  more than 250 injured Tuesday when two trains collided in the  northern Indian state of Punjab, police said.	0
Chinese firm buys IBM PC business IBM is selling its PC hardware business to number one Chinese computer maker Lenovo.	0
Red Sox Lift Championship, Bury Curse  ST. LOUIS (Reuters) - The Boston Red Sox won their first  World Series title since 1918, and buried a curse, with a 3-0  victory over the St. Louis Cardinals Wednesday.	1
US growth figures revised upwards The US economy grew more quickly than previously thought in the three months to June, official figures suggest.	2
Troy trounces tigers DeWhitt Betterson lost his shoe, then the football and in a matter of seconds the 19th-ranked Missouri Tigers had lost control of tonights nationally televised game to Troy.	1
Iraq ; Iraq looks to world for approval Iraq News, The two-day conference in the resort of Sharm el-Sheikh will start with a meeting of the foreign ministers of Iraq, its six neighbours and Egypt.	0
Egypt Won't Invite Iraq Opposition Groups (AP) AP - Egypt's foreign minister said Saturday that his country would not invite Iraqi opposition groups to a high-level conference on Iraqi elections planned next month at an Egyptian resort.	0
Google Search Index Booms to 8 Billion Google Search Index Booms to 8 Billion\\Google had something up their sleeve. It seems that whenever a competitor does something big, such as MSN announcing the beta launch of their new search engine, Google has to "one up" them somehow. Just as the news wires started flaming with MSN Beta ...	3
New ATI Chipset Desiged For Low-Cost Athlon 64 PCs ATI Technologies Inc. announced an integrated chipset family for the AMD Athlon 64 and Sempron procesor families on Monday, helping AMD push its 64-bit technology down into the value space.	3
UN chief names troubleshooter The UN secretary general chooses his new chief of staff to help reform the world body at a difficult stage.	0
France chooses Forgeard for joint control of EADS PARIS (AFP) - French interests named the head of Airbus, Noel Foregeard, to be one of two new pilots running the EADS aeuronautics group after weeks of reported tension over his role.	2
Mourinho Fumes At Referee Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho fired a broadside at referee Rob Styles for his decision not to award a penalty when Didier Drogba was brought down under a challenge from Ulises de la Cruz.	1
Arabs: Support for Israel taints reform efforts Arab leaders rebuked the United States yesterday for its policy toward Israel, saying US efforts to curb Muslim extremism and promote democracy in the Middle East could 	0
Oil Prices Hold Above \$54 as Winter Looms  LONDON (Reuters) - High-flying oil prices held above \$54 a  barrel on Tuesday as concern lingered over the thin state of  heating oil supplies ahead of the northern winter.	2
The Arafat void Even as a gravely ill Yasser Arafat receives medical aid in France, the Palestinian leader #39;s refusal to name a successor will mean further disruption to the Middle East when he does die.	0
Early Christmas present on rates THE Reserve Bank has given homeowners an early Christmas present by effectively putting off an interest rate rise until well into next year.	2
Net domain costs on the rise? com December 16, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. Internet users may soon be required to pay an additional annual fee for each domain name they own, thanks to a virtually unnoticed requirement that will begin to take effect next year.	3
Federal regulators want more data before approving new Merck pain &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Most analysts and doctors had not expected the FDA to give Arcoxia a green light now because Merck pulled Vioxx from the market last month after a study showed it doubled patients risk of heart attacks and strokes.	2
Photo gallery: Playing for keeps Game publishers and hardware makers will battle for consumers' holiday dollars with a slew of high-profile releases.	3
Calm for the Storm: Asset Allocation The market is still down from its March 2000 peak. Here's how to protect your assets from further drops.	2
Green Queen Urges Action on Climate Change On the second day of her state visit to Germany, Britain #39;s Queen Elizabeth II demonstrated her concern for environmental issues, opening a joint German-British climate conference.	0
Bagger happy to be trailblazer Mianne Bagger is more than prepared for her spell in the spotlight after becoming the first transsexual to earn a place on the women #39;s European Tour.	1
UNDATED: in 1997. Eddie Griffin scored 23 points and Kevin Garnett had 20 despite a shoulder injury to lift Minnesota over winless New Orleans (0-8).	1
Lehman Brothers 4th-Qtr Profit Up 22 Pct  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. investment bank Lehman Brothers  Holdings Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=LEH.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;LEH.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said fourth-quarter profit  rose 22 percent on continued strength from fixed-income  businesses and record investment banking revenue.	2
SHEER TERROR KIDNAPPED aid worker Margaret Hassan fainted as she pleaded for her life on a video yesterday. The distressing footage was released as her three sisters begged her captors for her release.	0
India says Kashmir incursions down The number of Muslim guerrillas infiltrating Indian Kashmir from Pakistan has plunged 60 percent since construction of a border fence and a tighter vigil by frontier troops, India #39;s home minister has said in a report.	0
Seahawks Stuff Packers Fourth-string quarterback Seneca Wallace led Seattle on two touchdown drives as the Seahawks defeated the Packers, 21-3, on Monday night.	1
New on DVD (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - This week, your DVD choices range from Mel Gibson's The Passion of the Christ to Federico Fellini's I Vitelloni.	3
Senate Hears of Insurance Misdeeds   Preliminary investigations in New York, Connecticut and California suggest that insurance companies frequently pay insurance brokers and agents undisclosed compensation -- including cash, loans, stock and exotic trips -- for steering health, automobile and other retail insurance business to them, state officials told Congress yesterday.	2
Russia Mourns Hostage Killings, Questions Mount for Putin  BESLAN, Russia (Reuters) - Flags flew at half-mast across  Russia on Monday at the start of national mourning for 338  people killed when Chechen rebels seized a school, while  questions mounted over President Vladimir Putin's policies.	0
US court move fuels the mixture The US ruling to block the sale of the mainproduction asset of Yukos injected fresh intrigue into the demise of Russia #39;s largest oil company.	2
Arroyo stays 4 economic secretaries in new Cabinet Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo Monday announced that the economic team in her new Cabinet would stay for another term as the country is striving to solve its fiscal crisis.	0
Judge Dietz Finds School Finance System Unconstitutional On Wednesday afternoon, Sept. 15, state District Judge John Dietz concluded a five-and-half-week trial by ruling unconstitutional the Texas system of public school finance.	2
Reed #39;s record interception saves Ravens With the Cleveland Browns on the verge of forcing overtime, Ravens Pro Bowl safety Ed Reed entered the NFL record book with the longest interception in league history.	1
New Tools to Help Patients Reclaim Damaged Senses An astonishing new technology allows one set of sensory information to substitute for another in the brain.	3
Union #39;s reply to next league offer holds key The dynamic 24 percent payroll rollback proposed by the NHL Players Association last week was simply another gambit in the NHL #39;s labor dispute.	1
Jazz to Retire John Stockton's No. 12 (AP) AP - John Stockton's No. 12 will be retired by the Utah Jazz in November, honoring a point guard who spent his entire 19-year career with the team.	1
KPMG to Pay \$10M to Settle SEC Charges Accounting giant KMPG LLP will pay \$10 million to settle Securities and Exchange Commission charges of improper conduct in the firm #39;s audit of the financial statements of Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc.	2
Palmer Passes Test Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer enjoyed his breakthrough game at the expense of the Super Bowl champion Patriots, racking up 179 yards on 12-of-19 passing in a 31-3 triumph on Saturday night.	1
Sudan signs key peace deals with rebels as Darfur crisis &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SUDAN and its rebel enemies yesterday signed two  quot;landmark quot; peace deals to try to bring stability to the region of Darfur amid United Nations warnings that the humanitarian situation was getting worse.	0
CBI slashes UK growth forecasts The CBI cuts growth forecasts after order books for UK manufacturers drop to their lowest level since the start of 2004.	2
Trojans overcome mistakes, weather to rally past Beavers CORVALLIS, Ore. - Thirty-seven years ago, a top-ranked USC team came to this Pacific 10 Conference outpost and could not overcome a muddy field in a stunning loss to Oregon State.	1
Oil, Gas Prices Help Chevron Earnings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - ChevronTexaco Corp.&lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CVX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CVX.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2  U.S. oil company, on Friday reported a rise in quarterly  profit, pumped up by record oil and gas prices and gains on  asset sales.	2
CSOs see viruses, worms as top security challenge for '05 Worms, viruses and Trojan horses will remain a top security concern in 2005, according to executives at this week's CSO Interchange forum in New York.	3
U.S. Blasts All Parties in Darfur Conflict (AP) AP - The United States on Tuesday accused all parties in the 22-month conflict in Sudan's western Darfur region of complicity in a growing humanitarian disaster and demanded that those responsible be held accountable for atrocities and attacks on civilians.	0
Buy.com Entering Social Networking Scene (AP) AP - Online retailer Buy.com is inviting itself into the expanding social networking scene, acquiring a Web site that rewards members with checks or gift certificates if they persuade others to buy their favorite products.	3
Kennedys Condemn  #39;Despicable #39; JFK Assassination Game A controversial new British-made computer docu-game recreating John F Kennedys assassination has been branded despicable by aides to the late presidents brother.	1
State hits insurer's fee to consultant The executive director of the Massachusetts Group Insurance Commission, which buys health, life, and disability coverage for more than a quarter-million state employees and retirees and their families, said yesterday she demanded that one of the commission's insurance consultants return a six-figure payment it received from UnumProvident Corp. in connection with \$26 million in life-insurance business UnumProvident has with the ...	2
Deaths Raise Fears Over Stomach Stapling Surgery By LINDA A. JOHNSON    (AP) -- An obese Massachusetts woman and her 8-month-old fetus died of complications 18 months after stomach-stapling surgery, an apparent first that is leading to warnings about the risks of pregancy soon after the surgery...	3
Internet TV tries to go mainstream  Internet TV is a mirage, seeming so close yet turning out to be far away or downright unreal when you try to watch it. At least that's my take on the many past plans for zapping motion pictures over the Internet.	2
Is Google Page Rank Still Important? Is Google Page Rank Still Important?\\Since 1998 when Sergey Brin and Larry Page developed the Google search engine, it has relied (and continues to rely) on the Page Rank Algorithm. Googles reasoning behind this is, the higher the number of inbould links pointing to a website, the more valuable that ...	3
White House says bin Laden tape authentic (AFP) AFP - The White House said that US intelligence agencies believe a newly broadcast videotaped threat by Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was authentic and recorded recently.	0
Love must stand trial for assault Courtney Love must stand trial for assault for assault after a court hears testimony from her alleged victim.	0
Intel board backs Otellini as CEO update Intel #39;s board, in widely expected move, voted Thursday to elevate Paul Otellini from president to chief executive officer in May.	2
Leader Says Rebels Were Responsible for Siege in Russia Radical Chechen rebel leader Shamil Basayev purportedly took responsibility Friday for a recent series of terrorist attacks in Russia.	0
JVC and Fox back Blu-Ray DVD standard JVC has joined the Blu-ray Disc Association, the group responsible for promoting the Blu-ray Disc optical disc format. This format aims to become the successor to current DVD discs for high-definition video content.	3
Firefox Browser, a Microsoft Rival, Fully Released The free Firefox Web browser, which has chipped away at the market dominance of Microsoft Corp. #39;s (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) Internet Explorer, has been readied for a full release including new features designed to make it more 	3
Doctors wait for irritation to disappear Surgery on the Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling #39;s right ankle apparently has been delayed at least a week because of an irritation in the area of the torn tendon sheath that is to be repaired.	1
Behind in Chase, Newman up front MARTINSVILLE, Va.  Ryan Newman on Friday put himself in position to make up ground in NASCAR #39;s Chase for the Championship by winning the pole for Sunday #39;s Subway 500.	1
Retailer revises Q3 profit outlook higher, again NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Limited Brands Inc. on Monday raised earnings estimates as well as the price on its share repurchase program.	2
New Backup Voting System May Pose Problems WASHINGTON - Call it the law of unintended consequences. A new national backup system meant to ensure that millions of eligible voters are not mistakenly turned away from the polls this year, as happened in 2000, could wind up causing Election Day problems as infamous as Florida's hanging chads...	0
Canadian Banks Target US as Springboard to Success Frustrated in a domestic market that offers them little chance to grow, many a Canadian bank has ventured south to the US market in a hunt for the prize asset that will vault them into the Big Time.	2
Mozilla Firefox Internet Browser Market Share Gains to 7.4 The latest survey from OneStat.com shows what was expected. Firefox is gaining on Internet Explorer and pretty rapidly. As per the reports, Mozilla Foundation has taken a 7.4 market share gaining more than 5 since May.	3
Titans Hold on for 24-19 Win Over Lions (AP) AP - The Tennessee Titans promised they wouldn't quit until the season ended. They certainly didn't. Billy Volek threw for 175 yards and a touchdown before being knocked out of the game in the fourth quarter, and the Titans held on for a 24-19 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday. Tennessee snapped its five-game losing skid.	1
Photo 1 of 2: Microsoft's fashion makeover Wood paneling and chrome dominate one of two sample designs for a new style of Media Center PC, commissioned by Microsoft's eHome division from One   Co.	3
Amex, Nasdaq in talks to move QQQ NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - The Nasdaq 100 index trust, the popular fund known as QQQ, is moving to the Nasdaq sooner than expected from its longtime home on the American Stock Exchange, according to a published report.	2
Enron inquiry targets Linda Lay US prosecutors are investigating whether the wife of Enron #39;s former chairman, Kenneth Lay, engaged in insider trading in selling shares of the company shortly before it collapsed into bankruptcy, people involved in the case said Tuesday.	2
Japan closes Citigroup branches Japanese regulators shut four branches of Citigroup's private banking operations for breaking the law. 	2
Notebook: Injured Wistrom will miss 4-6 weeks KIRKLAND - They had managed to avoid the injury bug, for the most part, for the first four games of the season. But misfortune finally caught up with the Seahawks the way it has with a bevy of other NFL teams.	1
An Aspirin a Day -- Good Medicine For Many Most people have heard that taking a small dose of aspirin a day is good for the heart. Doctors routinely recommend it for patients who've had a heart attack or stroke, and studies show its blood-thinning affects can help prevent a repeat of such potentially deadly cardiovascular events.	3
Belgian makes golden comeback ATHENS, GREECE - Justine Henin-Hardenne of Belgium won the singles gold medal in tennis, beating Amelie Mauresmo of France 6-3, 6-3 in the final.	1
Irish disposals worth 967m to struggling NAB National Australia Bank, which owns the Clydesdale, has sold its two Irish banks to Denmark #39;s largest bank for 967m in cash, a move will give hope of fresh investment in the Australian group #39;s beleaguered Scottish operation.	2
Halliburton may shed KBR unit Halliburton, beset by controversy over its work in Iraq, said Thursday that it would sell its KBR engineering and construction unit if the oilfield services company #39;s share performance did not measure up to sector rivals.	2
Japan #39;s Government to Discuss BSE Cattle Tests Monday (Update1) The Japanese government #39;s Food Safety Commission will meet Monday to discuss cattle-testing procedures for mad cow disease, possibly bringing forward the end of Japan #39;s ban on imports of US beef.	0
Powell, Russian official in Ukraine clash SOFIA, Bulgaria -- The United States and Russia clashed yesterday at a European security forum over the crisis of Ukraine's disputed election, elevating an increasingly tense debate over democracy in former Soviet republics.	0
Delta Outlines New Liquidity Requirements Delta Air Lines said on Monday it will need an additional USD\$135 million in liquidity in early 2006 to meet the requirements of certain financing agreements.	2
New Network Consortium Cites Power Of Shared Systems A group of 28 IT, defense and integration companies formed a new consortium to develop technology standards and guidelines that will aid collaboration among military, intelligence, homeland security and law enforcement agencies.	3
PM appreciates India, Pak. are committed to dialogue New Delhi, Sept. 6 (PTI): Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, today appreciated that both New Delhi and Islamabad were committed to the dialogue process as Pakistan Foreign Minister Khurshid Mehmood Kasuri, called on him here.	0
Richard Green grabs first gold jacket Left-hander Richard Green has sunk a four-foot putt on the opening playoff hole to capture his first gold jacket and the \$225,000 first prize in a dramatic 2004 Mastercard Masters at Huntingdale.	1
PluggedIn: New Car Gadgets May Distract Drivers  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Drivers still learning how to talk  on cell phones and maneuver at the same time are headed for an  even more complex world.	3
SBC profit zooms; signs Alcatel deal More long-distance and high-speed Internet access customers led to a 72 percent jump in third-quarter profit for SBC Communications Inc.	2
Krispy Kreme Delays Filing with SEC Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. (KKD.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday delayed filing its quarterly financial report with the US Securities and Exchange Commission, citing an ongoing analysis of its accounting practices.	2
News Corp takes poison pill TONY EASTLEY: US investors have reacted with caution to a move by media mogul, Rupert Murdoch, to shore up his family #39;s holdings in News Corporation.	2
When prices, pay don't add up DEDHAM -- After more than 25 years of sitting in the same rickety chairs and eating at the same worn table, Peter and Joan Stefans were more than ready to replace the decades-old dining set handed down from Joan Stefans's parents. But almost as soon as they started looking, the bills landing in their mailbox persuaded them to stop.	2
Suicide Bomber Kills 17 Near Baghdad Police Academy  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - A suicide car bomb killed 17 people  near Baghdad's Oil Ministry and a nearby police academy Sunday,  a ministry spokesman said.	0
WORLD CUP QUALIFIER Republic of Ireland reaction:  #39;good defending, good organisation and good understanding #39;- in fact a pretty good day, all round!	1
Eight US Marines dead as Baghdad car blast kills at least seven Eight US Marines were killed and nine others injured Saturday west of Baghdad, the US military stated. Meanwhile, a car bomb went off outside the offices of the Al-Arabiya television station in central Baghdad 	0
Toyota Q2 Earnings Slip 1 Percent Toyota reported a profit of \$2.8 billion for the July-September quarter, down 1 percent from \$2.836 billion a year ago. The auto maker recorded group net profit of \$5.	2
Man Runs Onto Court at Davis Cup Final Security men struggle with an a spectator, center, who stormed the tennis court during the Davis Cup final match between Spanish Carlos Moya and American Andy Roddick in Seville, Spain, Sunday, Dec. 5, 2004.	1
German bank customers victims of Internet fraud (AFP) AFP - German banks Postbank and Deutsche Bank said that their customers had been recent victims of Internet fraud via copycat web sites.	3
Whole-grain Lucky Charms? They #39;re for real Early morning in Otsego, Minn., is  quot;crunch time quot; at the Simonsons #39; house. Cereal starts the day for 49 percent of all Americans, and 7-year-olds Kyle and Kali Simonson and their 6-year-old sister, Kara, are no exception.	2
No. 14 Utah Defeats New Mexico 28-7 (AP) AP - Quarterback Alex Smith ran for two touchdowns and Steve Savoy caught 11 passes for 150 yards in Utah's 28-7 victory over New Mexico on Friday night.	1
Call for action on internet scam Phone companies are not doing enough to warn customers about internet "rogue-dialling" scams, watchdog Icstis warns.	0
No Free Passes With three teams in the preseason top four and six in the top 25, the ACC is loaded this year. However, it &lt;em&gt;is&lt;/em&gt; the preseason, and &lt;em&gt;nothing &lt;/em&gt;is certain in college basketball.	1
Korean Nuclear Talks May Convene in November  BEIJING (Reuters) - The six parties trying to end a crisis  over North Korea's nuclear ambitions could hold working group  talks in November, diplomats said on Thursday, the first sign  of progress since Pyongyang stalled after the last round.	0
Kalou kills off Rangers Bonaventure Kalou fired Auxerre into the knockout round of the UEFA Cup with both goals in a 2-0 victory over Rangers to oust the Scottish team from the competition.	1
L.A. Airport Terminals Open After Scares LOS ANGELES - Four terminals at Los Angeles International Airport were shut down for more than three hours Saturday after a passenger bypassed security at one terminal and two flashlight batteries exploded during screening at another, authorities said.    The incidents, about a half-hour apart, were apparently unrelated and there was no link to terrorism, according to the federal Transportation Security Administration...	0
Younger Brother of TV Personality Allegedly Killed by Boxer  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - James "the Harlem Hammer"  Butler pleaded not guilty Friday to the murder of freelance  sportswriter Sam Kellerman, the younger brother of Fox Sports  Net's television host Max Kellerman.	1
Judge rules Bush statements pose no threat of jury taint FORT HOOD, Texas -- A military judge ruled yesterday that statements by President Bush and military leaders about alleged Abu Ghraib abuses do not appear specific enough to taint the jury pool for next month's trial of a reputed ringleader in the case.	0
Kmart swings to profit in 3Q Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. reported a third-quarter profit Wednesday, reversing a year-earlier loss, as asset sales and cost containment helped offset a further decline in sales.	2
Kidnapped Briton named The family of Kenneth Bigley, the British engineer who was kidnapped by gunmen from his house in Baghdad this week, has issued a desperate plea for his safe return.	0
P2P tracking firm: Kazaa losing users to eDonkey Kazaa #39;s long-standing position as the most popular online file-sharing software appears to be over. Last month, the daily average of file-swappers on the FastTrack peer-to-peer network, which 	3
Branson fires up space flight plan AUSTRALIAN bubbly would be available on Virgin #39;s first flights into space, British tycoon Richard Branson promised today. The Virgin airlines founder hopes five space ships, each carrying five passengers and 	3
Sudan accuses UN of criticizing govt while ignoring rebel violence A Sudanese Cabinet minister slammed the latest UN report on Darfur, accusing the world body Saturday of overlooking violence committed 	0
59 Iraqi police officials, applicants are killed Bomb and gun attacks targeting Iraqi police killed at least 59 people Tuesday, marking the deadliest day in Baghdad in six months and continuing an increase of violence across the northern part of the country.	0
Sadr agrees to lay down arms Iraq #39;s rebel Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr accepted a peace plan to lay down arms and join a Baghdad conference forming an interim national assembly. 	0
ARM #39;s new chip aims beyond cell phones com October 19, 2004, 12:21 PM PT. ARM Holdings is moving beyond its portable-device niche and is looking to move into the broader digital products category with a new family of chips.	3
Russia #39;s Putin Skeptical About Iraq Election Russian President Vladimir Putin says he cannot imagine how Iraq could hold its elections (planned for next month) as long as the country remains under what he called foreign occupation.	0
Clash of Civilizations What #39;s wrong with this picture? The airspace over the city is declared off-limits to all unauthorized aircraft. Some 200 police, including rooftop snipers and antiterror 	0
Iraqis on Mission to End Najaf Insurgency BAGHDAD, Iraq - Iraq's national conference sent a delegation bearing a peace proposal to Najaf on Tuesday, hoping to end the standoff with radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, which has marred the gathering meant to be a landmark step toward democracy.    As the National Conference in Baghdad put together the mission, a mortar round exploded several miles from the gathering's venue, killing seven people and wounding wounding 35, according to the Health Ministry...	0
Worldwide pants: trade flap between US and China Beijing this weekend urged Washington, DC, not to limit imports of Chinese cotton slacks. The Ministry of Commerce said such a restriction would violate World Trade Organization principles and hurt trade relations.	2
Fuel Rods Turned into Weapons, North Claims North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Choe Su-hon, currently attending the UN general assemblys annual ministerial meeting, disclosed on Monday that the North has reprocessed 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods into weapons-grade.	0
DoCoMo and Motorola in talks Japanese mobile phone firm DoCoMo is in talks to buy 3G handsets from Motorola.	3
Tropical Storm Jeanne Kills 7 in Dominican Republic  SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic (Reuters) - Dominicans  climbed onto rooftops and into trees on Friday to escape floods  as Tropical Storm Jeanne weakened into a depression after  killing seven people, sweeping away houses and forcing 22,000  people to flee their homes, authorities said.	0
Space Station Tinkering Works (CBS/AP) Space station commander Gennady Padalka and flight engineer Michael Fincke completed a five-hour 21-minute spacewalk, successfully installing a new coolant system component and three antennas that an unmanned European cargo craft will use for 	3
PeopleSoft Execs Defend Bid Rejection (Reuters) Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc.'s \chief financial officer on Wednesday said the company's\customer assurance program might not force liabilities on\Oracle Corp.  if its  #36;7.7 billion takeover bid\succeeds.	3
Bull Announces the Availability of NovaScale Servers Running the &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PARIS  amp; PITTSBURGH --(Business Wire)-- Nov. 8, 2004 -- Bull today announce that its range of NovaScale servers will run the latest Intel(R) Itanium(R) 2 processors, with a L3 cache up to 9 MB, and the new 	3
'ROIDS COULD RUIN THE GAME (New York Post) New York Post - THINK of Major League    Baseball as the Titanic    after it rammed into the    tip of the iceberg.	1
Notebook: Huskies say SJSU game is must-win With the Huskies reeling at 0-4 - the only member of a Bowl Championship Series conference left without a win -an Jose State suddenly looms as the only team left on the schedule that UW will be favored to beat.	1
Hamilton #39;s Late Basket Lifts Pistons Over Heat Richard Hamilton banked in the winning shot with 1.3 seconds remaining as the Detroit Pistons edged the Miami Heat 78-77 in Auburn Hills on Friday.	1
Corruption costs 200bn a year Corruption costs businesses and governments more than 220 billion a year, with a number of oil producing states among the worst offenders, according to an international anti-graft watchdog.	0
Alliance with AstraZeneca is CAT #39;s whiskers for biotech firm UK biotechnology company Cambridge Antibody Technology has announced a five-year alliance with pharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca. CAT said AstraZeneca will make an upfront equity investment in CAT worth 75 	2
Koda #39;s wrapped in US flag BAGHDAD - The decapitated body of 24-year-old Japanese backpacker Shosei Koda was left discarded in a field near what is known as a stronghold of anti-American insurgent forces in central Baghdad Saturday night, according to local police.	0
XM introduces portable satellite radio device XM Satellite Radio Holdings Inc. (XMSR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday introduced a handheld portable version of its satellite radio, hoping to extend demand for its service 	2
Go-ahead for new internet names The internet could soon have two new domain names, aimed at mobile services and the jobs market. The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (Icann) has given preliminary approval to two new addresses - .	3
DirecTV Consolidates LatAm Satellite Ops  NEW YORK (Reuters) - DirecTV Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DTV.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DTV.N&lt;/A&gt; the largest U.S.  satellite television service, will buy its controlling  shareholder News Corp Ltd.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NCP.AX target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NCP.AX&lt;/A&gt; stakes in Sky Latin  America for \$579 million and combine its operations with  DirecTV Latin America, the companies said on Monday.	2
U.S. Suspects Iran Is Making New Missiles (AP) AP - Interception of several technology shipments to Iran has bolstered U.S. suspicions that Iran is secretly developing an intercontinental ballistic missile that could threaten Europe and possibly the United States.	0
McAfee Enhances Spyware Protection McAfee this week plans to announce an add-on for its enterprise antivirus products to offer increased protection against spyware. Users of McAfee VirusScan Enterprise Edition versions 7.1 or 8.0i next month 	3
'Dream Team' Out of Gold Race After Loss to Argentina  ATHENS (Reuters) - Argentina upset three-times defending  champions the United States 89-81 in their semi-final at the  men's Olympic basketball Friday.	1
'The Sims 2' hits one million sales The virtual life game sold more than a million copies in its first 10 days on the market, Electronic Arts said.	3
Ecuador stun world champion Brazil Ecuador #39;s 1-0 win over Brazil has ended the world champions #39; unbeaten run in the region #39;s World Cup qualifying competition.	1
Sportsview: Plenty of Seats to See Bonds (AP) AP - There were still plenty, way too many, good seats available.	1
Colombia Looks to Build Drug Crime Museum (AP) AP - A sprawling hacienda once owned by Pablo Escobar, emblematic of the drug lord's excesses, may soon house a museum highlighting the evils of drug trafficking, a top Colombian official said.	0
Saudi Forces Arrest 4 Suspected Militants (AP) AP - Security forces have captured four suspected militants, an Interior Ministry spokesman said Sunday, the latest detentions in a Saudi crackdown on Islamic extremists in the kingdom.	0
Waiting on the changeup The Big East will undergo an extreme makeover next year when Boston College departs for the Atlantic Coast Conference and DePaul, Marquette, Cincinnati, Louisville, and South Florida arrive to expand the league into a mega 16-team basketball conference.	1
Mexico set to pass Canada in vehicle sales Mexico is poised overtake Canada in annual passenger vehicle sales by 2010, a situation one economist says could make it more difficult for Canada to lure future investments from automakers, including the construction of new assembly plants and 	2
They #39;ll hear a Rhapsody on campus Berkeley, U. of Minn. students get download discounts; aim is to provide legal music alternatives. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - As an added bonus to returning to campus this fall, more than 80,000 college students 	2
FOOTBALL: REDS ARE SAVED BY THE BELL SIR ALEX FERGUSON was delighted to see Manchester United book a Carling Cup semi-final crack at Chelsea with a rapid-fire strike and no off-field dramas.	1
Jason Giambi's Agent Makes Statement (AP) AP - Jason Giambi's agent said the New York Yankees first baseman appreciated the support of fans, though he didn't address a report last week that said his client told a grand jury he used steroids.	1
Auburn helps freshman QBs act their age Auburn #39;s bludgeoning of the Vols was a painful reminder that growing pains are part of the SEC schedule. As talented as Erik Ainge and Brent Schaeffer may be, neither was prepared for the kind of reality check that Auburn cashed last night.	1
Middle Class America The Post's Jonathan Weisman discusses the increasing importance of temporary employment to the American economy.	2
RealNetworks Sells 3 Mln Songs, Ends Download Promo  SEATTLE (Reuters) - RealNetworks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RNWK.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;RNWK.O&lt;/A&gt; is ending  its 49 cent-per-song music download service but will keep the  promotional prices in place for top 10 songs, the Internet  media and software company said on Thursday.	3
Supreme Court challenges lawyer for Rwandan accused of triggering slaughter (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - A Supreme Court justice challenged a lawyer Wednesday who defended his Rwandan client's call in 1992 for the extermination of ethnic Tutsis prior to a bloody genocide in the African country.	0
FOCUS: N America Shares Vital In S Africa Gold Battle JOHANNESBURG (Dow Jones)--North American shareholders will play a decisive role in the outcome of the bitter takeover battle between South African gold giants Harmony Gold Mining Co.	2
Apple warns about bad batteries Apple is recalling 28,000 faulty batteries for its 15-inch Powerbook G4 laptops.	2
Video-game market is hot Elf ingenuity aside, if Santa wants to make sure he has enough of the holiday seasons video game must-haves, he had better start pre-ordering now.	3
Top Shiite Cleric Is Said to Fear Voting in Iraq May Be Delayed Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani has threaten to boycott the nationwide elections if Shiite power is diluted on the ballot.	0
Dope cheats banned for life ATHENS, Sept. 22. - Two powerlifters from Azerbaijan have tested positive for banned substances in initial doping tests and are banned for life from the Paralympics, officials said today.	1
Venezuela Govt. Believes Car Blast Kills Prosecutor &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Two blasts destroyed a carin a Caracas suburb Thursday and killed its driver, whoVenezuelan authorities believed was a key state prosecutorleading a probe into opponents of President Hugo Chavez.&lt;/p&gt;	0
Toshiba wins 4 Hollywood studios #39; support for HD DVD format TOKYO, Nov 29, 2004 (Kyodo via COMTEX) -- Toshiba Corp. said Monday it has won support from four US film studios for its next-generation DVD format called HD DVD.	3
Ford scraps Oracle-based purchasing system Car giant Ford is reportedly abandoning a \$200m web-based purchasing project because it can #39;t get the software to work properly. 	3
Possible security breach seen at AOL An AOL user who logged on to check his online financial portfolio was given access to someone else's data and is calling on AOL to correct what he sees as a security breach. AOL acknowledged an "issue," but said corrective action has been taken.	3
BT inks E3.75m contract with Nortel BT has signed a E3.75m deal with Canadian firm Nortel for the supply of IP telephony equipment for a major new  #39;virtual #39; contact centre.	3
Sprinter Suspended Eight Years for Doping (AP) AP - Sprinter Michelle Collins was suspended for eight years for a doping violation linked to the BALCO scandal and will forfeit results that include 2003 indoor world and U.S. titles in the 200 meters.	1
ING Subpoenaed by Spitzer in Insurance Market Probe (Update2) ING Groep NV, the biggest Dutch financial-services company, received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer and said it #39;s cooperating with his insurance market probe.	2
Bengals #39; Smith Pleads Not Guilty to DUI KETTERING, Ohio Oct. 12, 2004 - Cincinnati Bengals defensive end Justin Smith pleaded not guilty to a driving under the influence charge.	1
Back-To-School Now Includes Electronics (AP) AP - For back-to-school shoppers, a new alphabet reigns, and it starts with E for electronics. With camera cell phones and the Apple iPod music player topping student wish lists, some of the hottest gadgets have little to do with pen or paper, much less studying.	3
Iraqi insurgents inflict relentless attack Insurgents pressed their attack on US troops and Iraq #39;s security forces Saturday, killing five Iraqi police officers and wounding 14 American soldiers in a relentless effort to derail next month #39;s elections.	0
Four Teams Advance at Champions League Real Madrid #39;s Luis Figo of Portugal, right, and Roma #39;s Traianos Dellas of Greece, top left, and Philippe Mexes of France reach for the ballr during their Champion #39;s League Group B soccer match between Roma and Real Madrid, in Rome #39;s Olympic stadium 	1
Microsoft Tests MSN Messenger 7.0 Updated chat client allows users to send more personalized messages.	3
Spacecraft Cassini Zooms in on Saturn #39;s Big Moon The spacecraft passed within 746 miles of Titan #39;s surface and should send back pictures 100 times sharper than past views. Those images are to be released beginning today.	3
Russia postpones test launch of new booster rocket Russia has postponed the test launch of a new booster rocket scheduled for Friday, the Defense Ministry said Thursday. The launch of the Soyuz-2 medium-size rocket from Russia #39;s 	3
NASA Says Shuttle Is on Track for  May Flight Despite the plans, designers acknowledged "setbacks" in devising onboard techniques to repair the thermal insulation on the underside of the spacecraft.	3
European Shares Gain, But Bonds Slip  LONDON (Reuters) - European stock markets were lifted  Monday by a tech-led rebound on Wall Street Friday and gains in  Asia, but euro zone government bonds fell after hawkish  comments from a key European Central Bank official.	2
Jo-Ann Stores Threading Water Sales are flat for the company, but the valuation still appears to be fair.	2
Mugabe Says No to Western Election Observers Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe vowed today not to allow Western observers to monitor next years parliamentary elections, saying only fair-minded countries would be asked to monitor the key vote.	0
Chelsea warning to champions CHELSEA assistant manager Steve Clark today fired out a warning to champions Porto ahead of tomorow #39;s (Australian time) Champions League Group H game.	1
5 'inside' directors quit Marsh board NEW YORK -- Embattled insurance broker Marsh  amp; McLennan Cos. said yesterday that five members of its board of directors -- all of them executives of the company -- are leaving the board.	2
U.N. Peacekeepers Hurt in Haiti Shootouts Two U.N. peacekeepers were wounded in shootouts with supporters of Haiti's ousted president in the capital and storm survivors in flood-ravaged Gonaives, the first casualties of the 4-month-old U.N. mission, officials said Sunday.	0
Google launches new search engine The world's most popular search engine has launched a new tool to improve access to academic publications.	3
For Statham, Sweet Vindication By the time Joel Statham walked into the Gossett Team House cafeteria around 8 pm last night, the delirious crowd had dispersed from the Byrd Stadium field.	1
AC Milan need better efforts Rome, Italy (Sports Network) - AC Milan must improve its play in order to repeat last season #39;s Serie A triumph. So far the Rossoneri have four points after three matches, but have conceded an alarming four goals.	1
Telstra for sale at \$5 a share TREASURER Peter Costello yesterday declared Telstra would not be sold until its share price was more than \$5. That came despite the Coalition having secured a Senate majority.	0
Top Seed Moya Stunned by Qualifier in Beijing  BEIJING (Reuters) - Top seed Carlos Moya got blown off  court by a French teenager playing his first ATP Tour match at  the rain-hit China Open on Wednesday.	1
Fiedler to Start for Dolphins Sunday  Miami, Fla. (Sports Network) - Miami Dolphins head coach  Dave Wannstedt has officially named Jay Fiedler the starting  quarterback for Sunday's season opener against the Tennessee  Titans.	1
Pakistan defeats Chairman #39;s XI at Lilac Hill An impressive century by opening batsman Salman Butt helped Pakistan notch up their first tour win with a 43-run victory over a Cricket Australia Chairman #39;s XI at Lilac Hill in Perth.	1
Residents Return to Darfur After Fleeing Attack  SANI DELAIBA, Sudan (Reuters) - "Only God saved us when the  Janjaweed attacked. We had to walk to safety and 12 men were  killed," said Khultoum Eissa Abdallah, now back in her hometown  in Sudan's troubled Darfur region.	0
Campaigning Bush plays up US diplomacy (AFP) AFP - Amid wilting election-year support for the military campaign in Iraq, US President George W. Bush is distancing himself from the go-it-alone "war president" image he once embraced with relish.	0
Grab a Bigger Mech November 01, 2004 - Microsoft today unveiled the special MechAssault 2: Lone Wolf Limited Edition. Available only in limited quantities, the special edition to the much-anticipated sequel will include two 	3
Herd #39;s Pruett apologizes for  #39;Mandingos #39; remark Marshall University football coach Bob Pruett has apologized for using a term some consider a racial slur, a newspaper reported. In his weekly news conference leading up to Saturday #39;s game, Pruett called the 	1
Cisco, Fujitsu Team on High-End Routers The Cisco-Fujitsu alliance will benefit from Cisco #39;s leadership in IP technology and Fujitsu #39;s edge in networking products.	3
Cornell Scientists Produce Simulated Quake (AP) AP - With a sudden shudder, the ground collapsed and the pipe pushed upward, buckling into a humped shape as Cornell University scientists produced the first simulated earthquake Monday at their new  #36;2.1 million research facility.	3
International telemarketing fraud probe nets 135 WASHINGTON, Oct 5 (AFP) - More than 135 people have been arrested in an international crackdown on fraudulent telemarketing operations that may have netted hundreds of millions of dollars from unwary victims, US Attorney General John Ashcroft said Tuesday 	2
Mets Ready to Deal; All They Need Is a Trade Partner Mets General Manager Omar Minahas has met with most of the teams that may be willing to trade big-money marquee players in blockbuster deals.	1
Cisco, Microsoft merge IP telephony with CRM Cisco Systems Inc. is set to offer starting Monday a tool to help small and medium-sized businesses use Microsoft Corp. CRM (customer relationship management) software in combination with a Cisco IP (Internet Protocol) communication system.	3
China to Discuss Currency Policy With G-7 Nations  China will participate in a special meeting with the Group of Seven industrialized countries on Oct. 1, the U.S. Treasury said yesterday, an announcement that could herald Beijing's eventual membership in the elite economic club.	2
IBM Database Eases Maintenance Burden (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) has released what it says is the first software that automatically self-manages and self-tunes databases containing key business information without human intervention.	3
Bush can #39;t hide from UK surfers Surfers that have been unable to visit the official re-election site of President George W Bush all week can access the site through an alternative address.	3
Cricket: Aussie ecstasy Warne #39;s agony BANGALORE - Australia comprehensively beat India on day five of the first cricket test yesterday but Shane Warne remained agonisingly short of Muttiah Muralitharan #39;s world record for the most career wickets.	1
Eli Lilly Bares All Given recent furor regarding clinical trials of pharmaceuticals, Eli Lilly (NYSE: LLY) has unveiled a Web site that will post clinical trial results, according to The Wall Street Journal.	2
Darfur a  #39;Timed Bomb #39; Waiting to Explode - AU Astronomical quantities of arms and ammunition have poured into Sudan #39;s Darfur region in the last two weeks and the government is poised for a major military offensive, the African Union said on Friday.	0
Haitians Left in Devasting Wake of Jeanne The death toll across Haiti from the weekend deluges brought by Tropical Storm Jeanne was at 620, with some 500 of them in Gonaives, but officials said they expected to find more dead.	0
Grey Seen as Leading Paramount Candidate (Reuters) Reuters - Brad Grey, executive producer of the\hit television show "The Sopranos" and chairman of a top\Hollywood talent management firm, has emerged as the leading\candidate to succeed Sherry Lansing as head of Viacom Inc.'s\(VIAb.N) Paramount Pictures, the Wall Street Journal reported\on Sunday.	2
Red Hat: Fake Emails Circulating Red Hat posted a notice on their web site about fake emails that purport to come from them. Here is the statement in its entirety:  quot;Red Hat has been made aware that emails are circulating that pretend to come from the Red Hat Security Team.	3
Kerry Blames Rising Health Costs for Job Losses (Reuters) Reuters - Democrat John Kerry, citing a newly\commissioned study, said on Thursday that rising health care\expenses have cost American jobs and President Bush has done\nothing to solve the problem.	0
Spirit Rover Disabled by Steering Problem (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - A steering problem disabled the Mars Rover Spirit Oct. 1, NASA officials said yesterday. The robot has not moved since.	3
What #39;s inside your computer? Study finds spyware, viruses &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Natalia Rudiak of Carrick could not figure out why her trusted laptop was acting sluggish and sometimes unresponsive. Then it crashed, and she was forced to find 	3
Morpheus claims landmark P2P legal victory A US court has upheld the legitimacy of peer-to-peer (P2P) file-sharing application Morpheus, finding against 28 of the world #39;s largest entertainment companies which had alleged that the P2P firm #39;s software violates copyright law.	3
Study: Bears Kill More Elk Than Wolves (AP) AP - Grizzly and black bears killed a majority of elk calves in northern Yellowstone National Park for the second year in a row, preliminary study results show.	3
Hurricane, Oil Worries Pressure Stocks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks struggled to make gains on  Tuesday as oil prices rose and investors feared economic  fallout from Hurricane Ivan as it roared into the Gulf of  Mexico toward a possible landfall in the United States.	2
Thatcher: It was just handbags with Becks, not aggro BEN THATCHER was last night playing down what appeared to be a running battle between him and David Beckham on Saturday - at least as far as the England captain was concerned.	1
Dell gets notebook set for big-screen debut The PC maker plans to launch a 17-inch version of Inspiron, just in time for the holiday and belatedly matching rivals.	3
School Cellphone Bans Topple (You Can't Suspend Everyone) Rather than banning the phones outright, schools are capitulating to demands of parents and market realities, and allowing students to carry cellphones in school.	3
Barcelona #39;s Eto #39;o given racial abuse by Getafe fans Barcelona striker Samuel Eto #39;o was the target of apparent racial abuse from opposition fans during his side #39;s 2-1 victory over Getafe in Madrid on Saturday.	1
Search Engine Optimization For Blogs Search Engine Optimization For Blogs  \\Blogging software is really a simple Content Management System (CMS) that easily adds new pages and integrates them into your site's navigational structure and linkage. Blogs and blog posts are naturally search engine friendly because they are text-rich, link-rich, frequently-updated webpages that use stylesheets ...	3
Terrorist shadow over twin disasters Details of the almost simultaneous crashes of two Russian airliners began to emerge yesterday - shocking a public that has become largely inured to terrorism and prompting fears of further attacks.	0
Putin Threatens Preventive Terror Actions (AP) AP - President Vladimir Putin said Friday that Russia is "seriously preparing" for pre-emptive strikes against terrorists, as Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev claimed responsibility for a school hostage-taking and other attacks that have claimed more than 430 lives.	0
U.S. Indicators Fall, 4th Month Straight  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A closely watched gauge of future  U.S. economic activity fell in September for the fourth  straight month after a stronger pace earlier in the year, a  private research firm said on Thursday.	2
Indian Monsoon Seen Below Normal on El Nino Effect (Reuters) Reuters - India's monsoon is expected to be 12 to\14 percent below normal in the June-September season, mainly\because of an El Nino-like weather condition, a senior Indian\weather official said on Tuesday.	3
Cassini Snaps Photos of Saturn #39;s Moon This image taken by cameras on the US-European spacecraft Cassini on Sunday Oct. 24, 2004, reveals Saturn #39;s moon Titan #39;s bright  quot;continent-sized quot; terrain known as Xanadu.	3
Spanish Leader Faces Grilling on Train Bombings (Reuters) Reuters - Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero will become\the first Spanish prime minister to be questioned by a\parliamentary commission on Monday when he gives his version of\events surrounding the Madrid train bombings.	0
Stocks mixed ahead of Fed meeting Stocks were mixed Wednesday as Federal Reserve policymakers met and investors looked ahead to another hike in interest rates. In early afternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial 	2
Sprint announces plans for palmOne Treo 650 Sprint announced plans to offer the Sprint PCS Vision Smart Device Treo 650 by palmOne, a CDMA version of the recently announced palmOne device.	2
Hollywood #39;s One Strike Policy Say what you want about the recording industry #39;s take-no-prisoners approach to combating online piracy. At least when the music czars go after someone, they target persons suspected of trading 	3
Dollar Dips as Market Tests Recovery (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar slipped on Monday as market\players hesitated to push the currency much higher before\upcoming U.S. trade data and a Federal Reserve meeting.	2
Straw lays wreath at Arafat #39;s grave Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has laid a wreath at Yasser Arafat #39;s grave during a West Bank visit for talks on how to revive peacemaking with Israel after the Palestinian leader #39;s death.	0
Car bombing caps bloody week in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide car bomber bearing down on police in a Baghdad neighborhood killed eight people Friday, capping a bloody day across Iraq that left at least 52 dead.	0
Jones Is a Tough Test for Eagles (AP) AP - The Philadelphia Eagles were 28 points better than Dallas last month. Julius Jones could change that for the Cowboys this time around.	1
City manager says she #39;ll meet with opponents SAN ANTONIO - City Manager Terry Brechtel shunned demands for her resignation Thursday and vowed to fight for her job by meeting with the elected officials who want to oust her.	2
Cable   Wireless to Cut 600 Jobs (Reuters) Reuters - Britain's Cable   Wireless posted its\first net profit in over 3 years and announced plans to cut 600\jobs and return cash to investors, sending the telecom\company's shares racing to 5-month highs on Wednesday.	3
UHaiti Gov #39;t Negotiates With Ex-Soldiers With hundreds of UN troops and Haitian police at the ready, government negotiators met Thursday with ex-soldiers who have seized the abandoned estate of ousted President 	0
French victim's family come to UK The family of a French woman murdered in south-west London are travelling to the UK to meet detectives.	0
Interstate Bakeries Files for Bankruptcy (Reuters) Reuters - Interstate Bakeries Corp.  on\Wednesday filed for bankruptcy after struggling with more than\ #36;1.3 billion in debt and weak demand for bread products,\brought on by the popularity of low-carbohydrate diets.	2
Hyypia Blasts  #39;Disgraceful #39; Decision Liverpool defender Sami Hyypia hit out at the refereeing decision which could rob Liverpool of a place in the last 16 of the Champions League.	1
Is It Still Called a Venture Fund When You Use Your Own Money? Halsey M. Minor, the founder of CNET, is now running his own, very private, investment fund.	3
Global Crossing Falls as It Seeks New Financing (Update2) Shares of Global Crossing Ltd., 10 months out of bankruptcy, plunged 19 percent after the fiber- optic network operator said it needs as much as \$40 million in new loans to avoid running out of money this year.	2
US general backs off on confidence of bin Laden capture WASHINGTON -- The US general who predicted Osama bin Laden would be captured or killed this year struck a decidedly cautionary note yesterday, saying he doesn't know when or if the mastermind of the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks will be brought to justice.	0
Aussie misses out on Miss World AUSTRALIAN Sarah Davies has missed out on being crowned Miss World 2004 at the finals of the beauty pageant in China. Twenty-year-old Miss Peru was crowned today in the southern Chinese resort town of Sanya 	0
Computer Associates To Acquire Security Company Netegrity Computer Associates has signed an agreement to purchase Netegrity, a provider of security software, in a deal valued at approximately \$430 million.	2
Pratt Union Won #39;t Strike Union employees at Pratt  amp; Whitney return to work today under terms of a new contract, after failing to muster the two-thirds vote needed to go on strike.	2
Microsoft Steps Into the Ring For subscription services such as Napster and RealRhapsody, the entrance of Microsoft into its business space might have the same  quot;Oh no!	2
Security Firm Tribute to Ex-Gurkhas Killed by Baghdad Rockets The London-based security firm which employed four former Gurkhas killed in a rocket attack on their compound in Baghdad tonight paid tribute to them as brave and professional individuals.	0
A #39;s stretch AL West lead If anyone wasn #39;t quite sure whether 22-year-old A #39;s righty Rich Harden is ready for prime time, they got their answer on Friday night.	1
Japanese Power Company Missed Inspections (AP) AP - The operator of a nuclear power plant where a long-neglected cooling pipe burst and killed four workers last week said Monday that four other pipes at its reactors also went unchecked for years.	0
NO WAY OUT FOR ENGLAND England #39;s controversial tour to Zimbabwe next month looks certain to go ahead after the official inquiry into racism within their cricket found no evidence when it was presented to the International Cricket Council today.	1
Microsoft releases desktop search suite to testers Microsofthas joined the desktop search fray with its release Monday of the beta test version of a suite of tools designed to let users find information stored in their PCs.	3
In Mars rock, telltale ripples and mysteries NEW YORK With one Mars rover climbing into the hills and the other descending deep into a crater, scientists reported the discovery of several mysterious rock structures, along with yet more signs that Mars was once awash in water.	3
'Funner' worm slithers through MSN Messenger Security researchers warned Monday of a new worm, dubbed "Funner," targeting Microsoft Corp.'s MSN Messenger IM (instant messaging) system.	3
Annan Urged to Report Sudan Deaths Daily (AP) AP - Leaders representing over 100 million Christians, Muslims and Jews urged Secretary-General Kofi Annan to report the number of deaths and rapes in Sudan's Darfur region daily to highlight what they say is genocide.	0
Microsoft patent is preliminarily rejected, but company vows to &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft Corp.s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.	3
Microsoft hit by monopoly suits Several California cities and counties have sued Microsoft, accusing the software giant of illegally charging inflated prices for its products because of monopoly control of the personal computer operating systems market.	3
JFK Reloaded Game Causes Controversy Game invites users to play the role of JFK #39;s assassin, causing some observers to wonder whether video games have gone too far.	3
Investors to Weigh Sell-Off, Earnings NEW YORK - Investors on Thursday will weigh the sharp retraction in stocks the day before as well as fears that the corporate profit picture is deteriorating.    Dow Jones futures fell 4 points recently, while Nasdaq futures were down 3 points and S P futures dropped 0.20 points...	0
Hollywood lawsuits to strike Net pirates Hollywood studios are about to take the long-anticipated step of firing a barrage of lawsuits at some of the most prolific Internet pirates, echoing the legal strategy that the recording industry already has used with limited success.	3
Wall Street Not Troubled by Oil Rise--Yet This oil thing is just temporary, Wall Street has been figuring, and figuring and figuring. The surge in prices is a temporary phenomenon that #39;s lasted for two years now.	2
Businesses' Inventories Rise; July Sales Up The Commerce Department said that stocks of unsold goods increased by 0.9 percent in July, down from a 1.1 percent rise in June.	2
IBM Puts Security at Your Fingertips ThinkPad T42 series notebooks now feature an embedded fingerprint reader.	3
Thailand frees Muslims detained in protest NARATHIWAT, Thailand - Hundreds of Muslim men were freed in southern Thailand on Saturday after being detained last week in the wake of protests that left 85 dead and outraged Muslims worldwide.	0
India-Pakistan Foreign Minister Talks End Monday  NEW DELHI (Reuters) - India and Pakistan tried on Monday to  build fresh momentum into a nine-month-old peace process that  has frayed over their dispute over Kashmir.	0
Derby Win Sends Bara Clear Barcelona held on from an early Deco goal to edge game local rivals Espanyol 1-0 and carve out a five point tabletop cushion. Earlier, Ronaldo rescued a point for Real Madrid, who continued their middling form with a 1-1 draw at Real Betis.	1
Anniversary of UN bombing puts spotlight on security problem for the United Nations UNITED NATIONS (AP) A year after the bombing of UN headquarters in Baghdad killed 22 people, the United Nations remains a target for attacks in Iraq and UN staff angrily allege that major security ...	0
Iraq Falls Short on Vote Security Iraqi forces will protect polling places during the coming elections, but there are far fewer trained security officers than needed.	0
Oil Falls to 3-Month Low as Heating-Oil Supplies Probably Rose Crude oil fell to a three-month low on speculation that warm weather and increased refinery production have bolstered US heating-oil stockpiles.	2
Oil Extends Rebound Ahead of Election Oil prices extended a bounce from three-week lows on Monday, climbing back above \$52 for US crude amid jitters over tight global winter fuel stocks and this week #39;s US presidential election.	2
PeopleSoft, Oracle fight is a canine affair The wrangling between PeopleSoft and Oraclehas once again gone to the dogs.	3
Court OKs Air Canada restructuring An Ontario court approved Air Canada #39;s restructuring plan today, while one of Canada #39;s major banks sold off its debt in the airline.	2
No, no, national ID Many pundits have posited that the United States needs better identity cards and, in some cases, have argued for national identity cards.	3
IBM to Expand Data Centers Across World (Reuters) Reuters - IBM is expanding and adding new\technology to 11 of its data centers in North America, Europe\and Asia to meet growing demand and rolled out new services to\customers, the world's largest computer company said late on\Thursday.	2
Schumacher Wins Japanese Grand Prix Seven-time Formula One auto racing world champion Michael Schumacher of Germany led from start to finish behind the wheel of his Ferrari to easily win the Japanese Grand Prix.	1
Justice -- Guantanamo Style The USA has been keeping approximately 600 detainees at Guantanamo Bay.  Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld has called them "the worst of the worst".  Other sources have described them otherwise.    Abdurahman Khadr, who the CIA placed, as a mole, within the detainee population, said most of the detainees were innocent, or were merely local Taliban militia-men, with no intelligence value.    Well, after no public review of their status, the Guantanamo detainees are finally getting   their day in court -- kind of.  There are actually three separate kinds of reviews slowly underway.	3
Oil prices fall on profit-taking after futures pass \$55 a barrel Oil prices fell sharply yesterday in what traders described as a wave of profit-taking after futures hit a new high above \$55 a barrel and after gasoline futures fell sharply on indications of declining demand.	2
Europe awaits US poll verdict European shares edged higher Tuesday, with easing oil prices underpinning market sentiment, but investors were cautious ahead of a neck-and-neck race in the US presidential elections.	2
Oil Extends Rally on Heating Worries (Reuters) Reuters - Oil prices continued to rally on\Monday, clawing back more of this months' losses on heightened\concerns over low global winter fuel supplies.	2
Brazil News: Chinese President Visits Chinese President, Hu Jintao has arrived in Brazil in a bid to secure trade deals to satisfy China #39;s huge demand for foreign goods.	2
Brazil hails Russia #39;s signing of Kyoto climate pact BRASILIA, Nov 6 (AFP) - Brazil welcomed Russia #39;s signing of the UN #39;s Kyoto climate change treaty, an environment ministry statement said Saturday.	0
NCAA Game Summary - West Virginia at Virginia Tech Blacksburg, VA (Sports Network) - Vincent Fuller had a 74-yard blocked field goal return for a touchdown and sealed the win with an interception late in the game, lifting Virginia Tech to a 19-13 win over sixth-ranked West Virginia at Lane Stadium.	1
Net Song-Swappers Face New Anti-Piracy Push (Reuters) Reuters - A new round of lawsuits aimed at\prolific Internet song-swappers could be announced as early as\Thursday as music officials meet in London to discuss the next\step in their global war on Internet piracy.	3
Against Jets, Pats know they can #39;t let up a minute The rivalry between the New England Patriots and New York Jets may lack the animosity of the Red Sox-Yankees, but it is nonetheless one of the fiercest in the NFL, dating to its AFL ori- gins.	1
Saboteurs Attack About 20 Iraq Pipelines BASRA, Iraq Aug. 26, 2004 - Saboteurs have attacked about 20 oil pipelines in southern Iraq, reducing exports from the key oil producing region by at least one third, a top oil official said Thursday.	0
As Sun Settles Kodak #39;s Java Patents Suit, What #39;s Microsoft &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Right before what promised to be a seven-day trial to decide whether it would have to pay Eastman Kodak a possible \$3 billion for trespassing on three of its patents, Sun decided to settle out-of-court and pay Kodak \$92 million in cash to get out from 	3
Telecom rockets amid buyback, 600 job cuts LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Cable  amp; Wireless, the UK and Caribbean business telecoms group, unveiled a restructuring and management reshuffle on Wednesday that will see around 600 jobs cut.	2
Warner Chilcott gets 1.5 bln stg bid approach Northern Irish drug maker Warner Chilcott Plc has received a bid approach worth 837 pence per share which values the company at 1.53 billion pounds (\$2.	2
Ritter Family Files Wrongful Death Suit LOS ANGELES - The family of John Ritter has sued a Burbank hospital, accusing it of negligence in the death of the 54-year-old actor. Ritter's wife Amy Yasbeck and his four children, including actor Jason Ritter, filed the wrongful death suit in Los Angeles County Superior Court on Sept...	0
Is Marsh Ringing the Value Bell? Marsh  amp; McLennan (NYSE: MMC) has the highest yield this company #39;s share price has offered since 1988. The dividend has risen every year for the past 10 years at a 12 clip.	2
success story Born in Cuba only a few years before Fidel Castro and his Communist regime came to power, Carlos Gutierrez has reached a destiny that is the stuff of which impossible dreams are made.	2
Insurance Companies Try Out Auto Black Boxes By MATTHEW FORDAHL    (AP) -- For two months, Jacob Sevlie's insurance company tagged along whenever he slid behind the wheel of his Honda Accord.    An electronic monitor the size of a matchbook closely tracked Sevlie's driving time and behavior...	3
Israeli military commander of Gaza quits Israel #39;s military commander of the Gaza Strip area, Brig.-Gen. Shmuel Zakai, announced his resignation Thursday amid a leaked media report scandal.	0
Winners of Polar Music Prize Announced Brazilian singer Gilberto Gil and German romance singer Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau were named the 2005 winners of the Polar Music Prize for their contributions to music.	0
Intellisync to give push e-mail capability for low-cost phones The wireless airwaves may get a bit more crowded next year following the announcement that Intellisync's goAnywhere technology, unveiled this week, will give users of low-cost feature phones the same push e-mail capability that is now only available on pricier smart phones.	3
Clinton in Good Spirits Before Surgery NEW YORK - Former President Bill Clinton was in good spirits Saturday, walking around his hospital room in street clothes and buoyed by thousands of get-well messages as he awaited heart bypass surgery early this coming week, people close to the family said.    Clinton's wife and daughter visited him in the hospital Saturday and he had received 15,000 get-well messages relayed from the Web site of his foundation, a spokeswoman said...	0
Mobile Gadgets Measure Meals on the Go (AP) AP - The most popular dieting brands are now weighing in with calorie counters and nutritional guides designed for personal digital assistants and combination PDA-mobile phones. Just in time for the season of bountiful temptation.	3
Israeli Troops Kill 14 in Gaza Refugee Camp Israeli troops killed 14 Palestinians in a Gaza refugee camp on Monday as parliament prepared, under tight security, to debate Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw from the occupied territory.	0
Wavesat Says Its Created First WiMAX Chip Wavesat Inc., a developer of broadband wireless chips, said today it has delivered the first-ever WiMAX chip, the DM256. The company is planning to make the chips generally available early next month.	3
August Machine Tool Demand Up Sharply  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. machine tool demand in August  rose sharply from a year earlier as manufacturers ratcheted-up  purchases amid signs the economy is improving, two industry  trade groups said in a report released on Sunday.	2
Beckham to undergo light training soon: Real Madrid: Sports India: Madrid, Oct 11: England football captain David Beckham is expected back in Madrid Wednesday and resume light training despite fracturing a rib, reports Xinhua.	1
Cal coach gets extension BERKELEY, Calif. (CP) - Former CFL player and coach Jeff Tedford agreed to a five-year extension Monday with the University of California that will see him remain under contract as the school #39;s head football coach through 2009.	1
Germany Says Italy #39;s UN Stance Will Hurt Europe Germany said on Saturday that Italy #39;s opposition to its campaign for a permanent seat on the UN Security Council could mean Europe loses out.	0
Karzai victory almost sealed, opposition awaits inquiry KABUL : With more than half the ballots in Afghanistan #39;s presidential election counted and outright victory virtually assured for incumbent Hamid Karzai, attention has turned to when the winner can be declared and how opposition candidates will react.	0
Pfizer faces black boxes New York - Pfizer, the world #39;s largest drug maker, is discussing with US regulators whether to add a stronger warning to its Bextra painkiller about rare, serious skin reactions.	2
CA to cut 5 percent of work force Computer Associates International announced on Wednesday that it plans to cut 5 percent of its work force as part of a restructuring effort, a move that comes as the company seeks to rebuild itself after a long-running accounting scandal.	2
Two NHL players charged with uttering death threats at Toronto &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (CP) - Two National Hockey League players were arrested overnight and charged with uttering death threats after an incident involving a nightclub doorman in downtown Toronto, police said Monday.	1
Coke Cuts Earnings, Volume Targets  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Soft drink giant Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt;,  stung by a prolonged downturn in North America, Germany and  other major markets, on Thursday lowered its key long-term  earnings and sales targets.	2
GM management, unions reach agreement RUESSELSHEIM - General Motors, the world #39;s biggest car maker, said on Thursday that after months of negotiations it had finally reached a framework agreement with unions on a deep restructuring programme for its loss-making German unit Opel.	2
Tamada on pole for Portuguese Grand Prix Japan #39;s Makoto Tamada powered into pole position for Sunday #39;s Portuguese Grand Prix, setting a lap record just before the end of qualifying on Saturday.	1
With Precision and Power, Cardinals Stop the Dodgers St. Louis advanced to the N.L. championship series for the third time in five years, beating the Los Angeles Dodgers, 6-2, Sunday night.	1
Crude oil futures may fall: survey Crude oil futures may fall on speculation China #39;s first interest rate rise in nine years will slow demand growth amid rising US inventories, a Bloomberg survey shows.	2
Iraqi government accepts peace deal The Iraqi government tonight accepted a peace deal brokered by Iraqs top Shiite cleric to end weeks of devastating violence in the holy city of Najaf, State Minister Qassim Dawoud said.	0
Peterson has good shot at being first freshman Heisman winner As always, this year #39;s Heisman Memorial Trophy ballot asks voters to designate one person as the  quot;Outstanding College Football Player of the United States for 2004.	1
Japanese guard signs for NBA's Phoenix Suns (AFP) AFP - Yuta Tabuse has signed for the Phoenix Suns, boosting his hopes of becoming the first Japanese to play in the US National Basketball Association (NBA) regular season, the NBA's Tokyo branch said.	1
Reporter in palace breach An investigation was launched yesterday after a journalist posing as a surveyor sparked a security scare at the Queen #39;s official residence in Scotland.	0
Beckham fires England England has moved one step closer to qualification for the World Cup finals with a 2-0 victory over Wales at Old Trafford. However the news was not so good for some of the other big names on the continent, with 	1
As iPod evolves, rivals strive to keep pace roundup \Gateway switches on a combo music-photo device two days after Apple debuts its own image-ready iPod.	3
Agassi Moves Into Semis in Madrid Tourney (AP) AP - Andre Agassi was greeted by a banner before his quarterfinal match at the Madrid Masters saying: "Agassi, thanks for keeping on playing. Spain loves u!!!"	1
Nintendo Says 'Touching Is Good' in Sexed-Up DS Ads  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Japanese game maker Nintendo Co. Ltd.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=7974.OS qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;7974.OS&lt;/A&gt; is sexing up its U.S. advertising to launch the DS  handheld device, promising mature players that the gadget is  not their little brother's Game Boy.	3
Radcliffe returns PAULA RADCLIFFE will make her first competitive appearance since failing to complete the marathon and 10,000 metres at the Athens Olympics at next month #39;s New York marathon.	1
Music industry sues 20 at Mass. colleges THE REGION Twenty people at Massachusetts colleges are among 761 being sued by the recording industry in its latest attack on illegal file-swappers. Since last year, the Recording Industry Association of America has filed thousands of lawsuits against individuals for trading music recordings over the Internet without making payments to recording companies. The latest round of suits includes people connected ...	2
Iran makes nuclear offer A top Iranian official tells the BBC Tehran is prepared to give more assurances over its nuclear enrichment plans.	0
UAL Slashes Salaries United Airlines parent UAL (UALAQ:OTC BB - news - research) set plans to cut nonunion workers #39; pay as part of an effort to slash costs and emerge from bankruptcy protection.	2
JPMorgan Chase To Shuffle Management; Financial Chief To Leave NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- JPMorgan Chase  amp; Co.  #39;s (JPM) chief financial officer, Dina Dublon, will resign at the end of the year and be replaced by Michael Cavanagh , currently head of middle market banking.	2
Japan Shares Seen Moving in Narrow Range  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese shares will probably move in a  narrow range in a week shortened by public holidays, but could  dip below the 11,000 level as earnings disappointment saps Wall  Street's momentum and as concern lingers over the global  economic outlook.	2
Trade Your Wallet for Wireless If calling, text messaging, web browsing and video filming aren't enough for you, your cell phone may soon be able to perform another function as well: paying for lunch. But is it secure? By Laila Weir.	3
Humble Sandwich Gains In Stature The Atkins diet frenzy slowed growth briefly, but the sandwich business is booming, with \$105 billion in sales last year.	2
Salvation Army seeks to overcome Target ban The Salvation Army started its annual holiday fund-raising campaign Tuesday with a \$85,000 hole in the kettle. That #39;s how much the charity estimates it collected in kettles in front of Target stores last year.	2
The Fox Cometh For the sixth month in a row, the market share of open source browsers Mozilla and FireFox and Apple #39;s Safari browser have grown, slowly eroding Microsoft Internet Explorer #39;s (IE) market share in the process.	3
Hundreds rally against terrorism Even as Russian President Vladimir Putin rejected any dialogue with Chechen separatists, blamed for at least 335 deaths in the school hostage siege, hundreds of thousands joined rallies against terrorism.	0
Defence pleads for conditional sentence for Alberta cop who shot prisoner (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - LETHBRIDGE, Alta. (CP) - Sending an RCMP officer to jail for shooting a drunken prisoner who grabbed his gun would amount to cruel and unusual punishment, Mike Ferguson's lawyer argued Thursday.	0
Infineon says funds are enough to cover price-fixing cases BERLIN Infineon Technologies said Thursday that it had set aside enough funds to settle additional antitrust probes and civil suits after agreeing to plead guilty in the US to fixing prices for memory chips.	2
Spain names its Davis Cup team BARCELONA, Spain A pair of players at one time ranked number one in the world will play for Spain in the Davis Cup final next month.	1
Court Rules Against Europe's Antitrust Chief in MCI Case The European Commission was wrong to block the proposed \$120 billion merger four years ago between MCI WorldCom and Sprint, a European court ruled today.	2
Indians Sign Closer Wickman for One Year (AP) AP - Free agent closer Bob Wickman agreed to a  #36;2.75 million, one-year deal Wednesday and returned to the Cleveland Indians, whose shaky bullpen without him early last season cost them any chance of winning the AL Central.	1
3 Top Officials Leaving Citigroup -- Memo Three senior Citigroup Inc. (CN: Quote, Profile, Research) executives are leaving the company, after being found partially responsible for last month #39;s forced closure 	2
Stocks Surge on Presumed Bush Victory Traders follow closing bell equity prices at the New York Stock Exchange, on election day, Tuesday, Nov. 2, 2004. The Dow ended the session down after advancing earlier in the day.	2
Money talks, Pedro walks Those were the exact words uttered by Red Sox pitcher Pedro Martinez in an interview that appeared in the World Series DVD released late last month.	1
Warne says new ICC rules on chucking could cause confusion Australian leg-spinner Shane Warne said Thursday a new proposal on bowling deliveries in cricket - brought about by the  quot;chucking quot; controversy involving Sri Lanka #39;s Muttiah Muralitharan - could cause confusion for umpires.	1
Crude oil prices rise near US\$42 as traders await US data, OPEC &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Crude oil prices rose Wednesday ahead of US petroleum inventory data and an OPEC meeting this week at which the group could decide on a production cut.	2
Oil prices back above \$50 despite Saudi pledge LONDON, United Kingdom -- Red-hot world oil prices simmered just above 50 dollars on Wednesday after a pledge by Saudi Arabia to lift output brought only fleeting respite to a market gripped by supply fears, analysts said.	2
Another Brick in the Firewall (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - It's a sad state of affairs when the primary selling point of a new set of online software is "we won't get hacked like everybody else." But that's the way of the Windows world today.	3
Klitschko-Williamson: A Well-Educated Battle precious  quot;few quot; brain cells - Wladimir Klitschko and DaVarryl Williamson have so much cerebral firepower between the two of them that some casual observers of the sport may ask themselves,  quot;Why are they doing this quot; for a living?	1
Floods kill at least 573 in Haiti Bloated corpses and weeping relatives have filled morgues as Haitians face yet another tragedy in a year marked by revolts, military interventions and deadly floods.	0
Sprint, Nextel to Merge UPDATED: Sprint (Quote, Chart) and Nextel (Quote, Chart) have agreed to merge, to better compete with Cinglar and Verizon Wireless for voice and data customers.	2
Ferguson and Wenger  #39;are friends #39; Chelsea #39;s Jose Mourinho insists rival managers Sir Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger are good friends despite their bitter Premiership rivalry.	1
SAIC takes on Ssangyong Motors Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp (SAIC), one of China #39;s biggest vehicle producers, clinched a much-heralded final deal with creditors of Ssangyong Motors yesterday to take over the No 4 South Korean automaking firm.	2
Burma army intelligence  #39;purged #39; A Burmese opposition group says there has been a purge of high-ranking military intelligence officials since the departure of the ex-prime minister.	0
Stolen  #39;Halo 2 #39; hits pirate sites Microsoft threatened severe penalties Thursday for those who circulate a stolen copy of  quot;Halo 2, quot; the hotly anticipated Xbox game set to go on sale next month.	3
News: Homeland Security signals effort to promote cybersecurity chief The Associated Press By Ted Bridis	3
With new OS, Microsoft seeks couch potatoes #39; eyes com September 15, 2004, 5:40 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.	3
SportsNetwork Game Preview (Sports Network) - The winless Golden State Warriors start a five-game road trip tonight, as they visit the undefeated Dallas Mavericks at American Airlines Center.	1
USA plays inspired, but falls to No. 1 Hungary in water polo ATHENS, Greece  With flag-waving, chanting Hungarians creating a chaotic atmosphere at the Olympic Aquatic Center yesterday morning, a young water polo team from the United States discovered something about itself. 	1
Football fans clash with police Eleven fans were arrested after clashing with police during Chelsea #39;s 1-0 win over West Ham at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday night.	1
Shell is doing things by halves in going Dutch ROYAL Dutch Shells dual structure has been blamed for troubles ranging from poor management to dodgy oil reserve accountancy. So its decision to meet shareholder criticisms by unifying its two holding companies 	2
Dollar Rises After CPI Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose on Friday, after a  U.S. report showed consumer prices in line with expections,  reminding investors that the Federal Reserve was likely to  continue raising interest rates, analysts said.	2
Federer beats Lleyton, again WORLD No.1 Roger Federer won his 20th match in a row over a top-10 opponent, beating Lleyton Hewitt for the fifth consecutive time to book a semi-final spot at the ATP Masters Cup.	1
EU leaders hold talks on Iraq European Union leaders are meeting in Brussels for two days of talks on issues including Iraq, asylum and economic reform. The summit, which will be attended by the 25 national leaders, also provides the first 	0
Nordstrom posts 71 increase Nordstrom Inc. beat its cautious forecasts once again, posting a 71 percent increase in third-quarter earnings, reaping the benefits of a streamlined inventory system while focusing on improving its merchandise.	2
Apple posts highest Q4 revenue in almost a decade Apple Computer Inc.'s iPod music player continues to help the company grow revenue at dizzying rates, leading Apple to its highest fourth-quarter revenue in nine years, the company said Wednesday.	3
Finally, Oracle Nails PeopleSoft Eighteen months after it began, the bitter and bizarre takeover battle is over. The new challenge: Make this \$10.3 billion deal work.	2
Baird moves out in front at Disney Lake Buena Vista, FL (Sports Network) - Briny Baird fired a six-under 66 Friday to move to the top of the leaderboard after two rounds of the FUNAI Classic at Walt Disney Resort.	1
Lawyers Meet in Kobe Bryant Civil Suit (AP) AP - Kobe Bryant's attorneys have identified about 125 potential witnesses to testify in the civil lawsuit filed against him by the woman who accused him of sexual assault, attorneys told a judge Wednesday.	1
Circuit City Growth Misses Estimates  By Ellis Mnyandu  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Circuit City Stores Inc. on Tuesday  reported a 2.9 percent gain in quarterly same-store sales, but  its growth lagged estimates due to a calendar shift and reduced  spending through August.	2
World #39;s tallest bridge will let drivers fly to the Med FRANCE ran out of superlatives as it joined in rare unison to praise the spectacular new - British-designed -otorway bridge across the Tarn valley at Millau, which was opened by President Chirac yesterday.	0
Critics Say Putin Must Address Security Corruption President Vladimir Putin #39;s move to enhance his power in response to a wave of terrorism does not take on the real problem: the corrupt and unreformed security services that 	0
Google Opens Office in Microsoft's Backyard (Reuters) Reuters - Google Inc. has opened an office just\down the road from rival Microsoft Corp.'s headquarters in\Seattle's suburbs as it seeks to lure local engineering talent,\the No. 1 search engine company said on Wednesday.	3
UPDATE 1-Snow says no risk of sharp US slowdown Treasury Secretary John Snow said on Tuesday that, notwithstanding weaker consumer confidence, he did not think the US economy was at risk of a slowdown.	2
House OK's Disclosure of Pension Info (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. House of Representatives on\Wednesday voted to allow workers and retirees to find out from\a federal agency just how severe the shortfalls are in their\companies' pension plans.	2
PeopleSoft awaits Delaware court ruling The second and final week of a Delaware court trial relating to Oracle Corp.'s hostile takeover bid for PeopleSoft Inc. turned into an extended negotiating session between the two sides. Oracle executives criticized PeopleSoft's business in an apparent attempt to drive down PeopleSoft's selling price, while PeopleSoft rewrote for the sixth time the controversial "customer assurance program" (CAP) that could significantly increase Oracle's acquisition costs.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;	3
Bank set to keep UK rates on hold The Bank of England is set to keep interest rates on hold following the latest meeting of the its Monetary Policy Committee.	2
Corgentech treatment fails trial Shares plunge after company says its vein graft treatment failed to show benefit in late-stage test. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Biotechnology company Corgentech Inc.	2
Kohl's Reconnects With Mothers The specialty department store chain goes back to basics to get in touch with its customer base.	2
More Blackburn Rovers Stories Mark Hughes has been warned that Blackburn are no longer the bottomless pit of cash that they were a decade ago - but the new Rovers manager will have some money to spend when the transfer window reopens in January.	1
Qualcomm buys British firm Cell phone chip maker Qualcomm said on Tuesday it has purchased United Kingdom-based wireless developer Trigenix, in part to bolster Qualcomm #39;s stake in the European cell phone market.	2
Two U.S. Soldiers Killed in Afghanistan KABUL, Afghanistan - A bomb killed two American soldiers and wounded three others in southern Afghanistan, the U.S. military said Saturday, while a separate attack in an eastern Afghan province killed at least three children and a policeman on the first day of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan...	0
3Com to Buy TippingPoint for \$430 Mln  CHICAGO (Reuters) - 3Com Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COMS.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COMS.O&lt;/A&gt; on Monday said it  will buy network security firm TippingPoint Technologies Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=TPTI.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;TPTI.O&lt;/A&gt; for about \$430 million, as 3Com expands its  telecommunications equipment offerings to compete better in the  market for large corporate users.	2
Wildcat strike stuns Hens One might assume there was little reason for optimism. The University of New Hampshire, a once-mighty Division 1-AA program that has posted just one winning record since 1997, entered last night's game against defending Division 1-AA national champion and top-ranked Delaware battling staph infections that sidelined many of its players.	1
Colo. Voting Woes Rise As Election Nears (AP) AP - Colorado could end up writing an ugly sequel to the Florida election nightmare of four years ago.	0
On Local Sites, Everyone's a Journalist Several notable ventures have launched or raised money this year to create local news sites online in which readers contribute all or most of the news.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	3
Weighing a PC Market After a Retreat by I.B.M. I.B.M. is in discussions to sell its PC business to Lenovo, the largest maker of PC's in China - a burgeoning market that Hewlett-Packard and Dell covet.	3
Court Nixes Ex-Vivendi Chief Bail Request A Paris appeals court on Friday rejected a request by former Vivendi Universal chief Jean-Marie Messier to lower his bail in a case of suspected financial wrongdoing.	2
GM Europe Aims to Avoid Forced Layoffs General Motors aims to restructure its loss-making European operations without resorting to involuntary redundancies or shuttering any 	2
Oil Prices Waver, Eye on Nigeria Supply Oil #39;s rally wavered on Thursday, but worries over the security of Nigerian supply supported prices despite an easier US crude inventory picture and news that Russia #39;s YUKOS would resume full supply to China.	2
8 teens murdered at Chinese school A MAN stabbed eight teenagers to death and injured four others after breaking into a school in central China Friday morning, teachers and local authorities said.	0
San Francisco Hotels Lock Out Workers After Strike Ten San Francisco hotels locked out union workers on Friday in response to a strike at four others hotels that are part of the same bargaining unit, raising the stakes in a confrontation that could spread to other cities around the 	2
Apple's Photo Finish The new iPod Photo is surely cool, but it's Apple's new music deal with U2 that might set off big waves in the e-music business. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
A Guidebook for Every Taste LANNING a trip involves many difficult decisions, but near the top of my list is standing in a bookstore trying to choose from a daunting lineup of guidebooks, a purchase that brands the owner 	3
Today's schedule College basketball: MEN -- Boston University at Harvard, 7 p.m.; Wesleyan at Emmanuel, 7 p.m.; Emerson at Babson, 7 p.m.; Plymouth St. at Tufts, 7 p.m.; Newbury at Salem St., 7 p.m.; Merrimack at Bentley, 7:30 p.m.; Curry at Eastern Nazarene, 8 p.m.; Clark at Brandeis, 8 p.m.; Endicott at Gordon, 8 p.m.; WOMEN -- Becker at Emerson, 6 p.m.; ...	1
Pressley Out of Scotland Squad Scotland manager Berti Vogts has suffered another setback ahead of the World Cup qualifiers against Norway and Moldova with the news that Steven Pressley has pulled out of the squad.	1
UAL gets 30-day extension of court exclusivity A bankruptcy court judge on Friday granted United Airlines (UALAQ.OB: Quote, Profile, Research) another 30-day extension to file its reorganization plan.	2
US death toll in Iraq nears 1,000 as seven more die A car bomb killed seven US Marines and three Iraqi soldiers outside the city of Fallujah yesterday, bringing the total number of American dead since the US invasion of Iraq in March last year close to 1,000.	0
Moscow sets date to auction Yukos unit The Russian government plans to sell a majority stake in the main production unit of oil giant OAO Yukos at an auction on December 19.	2
Mars Science Laboratory As Spirit and Opportunity continue their treks through the Martian winter -- still on duty nearly a year after their arrivals, back down on Earth, NASA is already planning the robot rover that will follow them.	3
McAfee releases VirusScan with intrusion prevention Antivirus software company McAfee Inc. said on Monday that a new version of its VirusScan Enterprise software contains so-called "intrusion prevention" features that can protect computers from attacks such as buffer overflows, which are often used by viruses, worms and malicious hackers to compromise vulnerable Microsoft Corp. Windows machines.	3
Britain Suspends Flu Vaccine Maker (Reuters) Reuters - Britain suspended on Tuesday the\manufacturing license of Chiron Corp., a major supplier of flu\vaccine to the United Kingdom and the United States, for three\months.	2
Net Virus Turf War Resumes After Rival's Arrest (Reuters) Reuters - A new virus outbreak emerged on Thursday\that packs a baffling message: a photograph of accused German\virus author Sven Jaschan that security officials believe to be\a geeky taunt from a rival gang of computer programmers.	3
AMD sees slightly lower sales for Q3 Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) expects to report slightly lower-than-expected sales for its third quarter when it announces earnings results on Thursday, the company said in a release Monday.	2
Sharapova, Hewitt advance at Japan Open TOKYO -- Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova advanced to the Japan Open quarterfinals on Wednesday after overcoming a shaky second set to defeat Australian Samantha Stosur 6-4, 1-6, 6-3.	1
Kidd Says Hello, Then Ruins Scott #39;s Return There might not be much love between Nets #39; captain Jason Kidd and his former coach, Byron Scott. But Kidd obviously wanted to make sure everybody on press row 	1
Wolverines comeback kids again Tyler Ecker caught a short pass from Chad Henne over the middle, eluded two tackles and lumbered down the sideline for a 31-yard touchdown with 1:57 left to give the 14th-ranked Wolverines a 27-24 victory over the No.	1
India's "suicide tree" is also a tool for murder (AFP) AFP - An Indian tree with poisonous fruit is used by more people to commit suicide than any other plant in the world and has a barely-investigated role in murder, French and Indian scientists say.	0
Exploit Threat Ratchets Up On Windows Vulnerability A recently detected exploit code foreshadows a likely worm-style attack on Windows machines plagued with the JPEG vulnerability made public last week, security experts said Thursday.	3
Russia Blames Terrorism for Downed Jet MOSCOW - Russian officials accused terrorists Friday after the wreckage of one of two crashed jetliners revealed traces of an explosive used in earlier attacks blamed on Chechen rebels, while an Islamic group claimed its suicide attackers brought down both planes.    At least one crash was "the result of a terrorist act," a spokesman for the Federal Security Service, Sergei Ignatchenko, told the ITAR-Tass news agency...	0
Serena topples US Open champ in China Top seed Serena Williams rallied to claim the China Open yesterday, taking a hard fought 4-6, 7-5, 6-4 win over US Open champion Svetlana Kuznetsova.	1
Planning to dump IE? Think again For many people, using a non-Microsoft browser such as Firefox is now a must for secure Web surfing--but most still keep a copy of Internet Explorer around just in case.	3
Shareholders sue Tribune Co. Tribune Co. said yesterday it has been sued by shareholders who are upset by the circulation scandals at Newsday and the Spanish-language paper Hoy.	2
 #39;Islamist #39; held in van Gogh case The man suspected of killing Dutch film maker Theo van Gogh is a suspected radical Islamist with alleged terrorist links, the Dutch authorities say.	0
BU's Bourque finds himself in select company On Monday morning, when Chris Bourque glanced at his cellphone to see his coach was calling, he had a good idea of what Jack Parker was going to tell him. That day, USA Hockey was informing 10 players that they had been selected to represent their country at the 10-team World Junior Championship later this month in Grand Forks, N.D.	1
Earnings alert: Linux demand lifts Red Hat profit Plus: Strong sales of phones, other gadgets boost PalmOne profit...Lawson expects quarterly loss...SCO to cap legal costs.	3
UNH surges with air attack Ricky Santos broke his own school record by throwing six touchdown passes and set a school mark with 538 passing yards as New Hampshire withstood Villanova's fourth-quarter rally for a 51-40 victory last night at Villanova, Pa.	1
Scots missing stars Scotland rugby coach Matt Williams will be forced to name a side from a squad missing nine of his England-based players for the upcoming Test against Australia at Murrayfield.	1
Memory makers face jail for price fixing THREE German executives and an American with microchip giant Infineon Technologies face jail terms and fines under plea agreements to settle a US probe into price-fixing, according to the Justice Department.	3
Evolution, as told by the louse NEW YORK A spectator with an especially intimate view of human evolution is beginning to tell its story and has so far divulged two quite unexpected findings.	3
Europe Looks to Rout U.S. Without Monty (AP) AP - Nobody is more responsible than Colin Montgomerie for Europe's surge to supremacy in the Ryder Cup. That didn't keep him in the lineup Saturday with the Europeans on the verge of a rout.	1
Greene a real chart-topper LEXINGTON, Ky. -- David Greene passed for 259 yards and set an NCAA Division 1-A record for most wins by a quarterback as No. 8 Georgia routed Kentucky, 62-17, yesterday.	1
Smart Phone Market Growing More Crowded (AP) AP - The smart phone market will grow more crowded Wednesday with the debut of two devices directed at opposite ends of the customer spectrum: a BlackBerry for consumers with a newfangled keyboard and a Nokia phone-organizer for mobile business professionals.	3
Bush Ordering Better Ocean Oversight (AP) AP - President Bush is creating a White House committee to oversee the nation's ocean policies, with plans to improve research, manage fisheries better and regulate pollution caused by boats.	0
Bosnia Mass Grave Yields 182 Bodies, More Expected  KEVLJANI, Bosnia (Reuters) - Forensic experts said Friday  they had found remains of 182 people, believed to have been  wartime prisoners killed by Bosnian Serb forces, in a mass  grave in western Bosnia and that they expected to find more.	0
Crime dive lifts Mike #39;s spirits In what could have passed for a campaign kickoff, Mayor Bloomberg yesterday touted fresh statistics that show crime in the city continued to plunge this year.	2
Delta, union in tentative deal over early retirements The Air Line Pilots Association (ALPA) and Delta Air Lines Inc. have a tentative agreement to stave off an expected wave of early retirements by Delta pilots.	2
Honeywell to buy Novar in \$1.7b deal New Jersey-based Honeywell International Inc. , the aerospace and high-tech manufacturer, has agreed to buy the British industrial holding company Novar PLC for about \$1.7 billion, the companies said yesterday.	2
Crude oil prices dropping in NY Crude oil prices have dipped in New York, sliding as much as two dollars to around \$50 a barrel. That #39;s extending declines seen last week despite concerns that a planned strike in Nigeria could affect output.	2
Floods Kill at Least 241 in Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti - Rescuers pulled bodies from receding floodwaters Monday that had raged through parts of Haiti's third-largest city, swept people from their homes and forced survivors to spend the night in trees, atop cars and on rooftops. The rapidly rising death toll from Tropical Storm Jeanne's weekend devastation stood at 241...	0
Traffic management shifting lanes The application traffic management space is getting resurfaced as vendors such as F5, Radware, and Redline green-light new products with traffic compression, DoS attack protection, server-side caching, and other features aimed at simplifying and lowering the cost of network management.	3
US Air to Seek 5-Year Extension for Pension Fund Payments S Airways, facing a cash shortage as it tries to avoid another bankruptcy filing, said yesterday that it would seek government permission to stretch out \$67.5 million in contributions it owes to the pensions of its mechanics and ...	2
Impressive Russian Bovina Clinches New Haven Title  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Elena Bovina added her name to the  list of Russians to watch at next week's U.S. Open when she  beat Nathalie Dechy to win the New Haven Open Saturday.	1
Microsoft Corp. 2.0: a kinder corporate culture Even a genius can mess up. Bill Gates was a brilliant technologist when he cofounded Microsoft , but as he guided it to greatness in both size and historical consequence, he blundered. He terrorized underlings with his temper and parceled out praise like Scrooge gave to charity. Only the lash inspired the necessary aggressiveness to beat the competition, he thought.	2
North Korea set to allow return for British civil rights &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; North Korea yesterday signalled that it may decide to lift the veil on some of its human rights violations after being challenged to allow the inspection of one of the country #39;s notorious prison 	0
EU seeks to improve maximum workweek rules, leave hard-won UK opt &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The European Union head office this week proposed redefining how working hours are counted under the bloc #39;s maximum 48-hour workweek law and stopping companies in Britain from abusing an  quot;opt-out quot; to the law.	2
Hurricane Ivan Takes Aim at Mobile, Ala. MOBILE, Ala. - Hurricane Ivan and its 135-mph winds churned toward the Gulf Coast with frightening intensity Wednesday, spawning monster waves that toppled beach houses and spinning off tornadoes that killed at least two people...	0
New Group to Launch Anti-Kerry Ads (AP) AP - Move over, MoveOn.org. The liberal-leaning group that has raised millions of dollars to run negative ads attacking President Bush now has a competitor on the right with a somewhat similar name.	0
Iran Ready to Provide Nuke 'Guarantees' TEHRAN, Iran - Iran is ready to provide "guarantees" it won't seek nuclear weapons, President Mohammad Khatami said Saturday, urging the United Nations' nuclear watchdog agency to close its investigation into the country's program when it meets next month.    The United States, which says Iran is trying to develop weapons, is pushing the International Atomic Energy Agency to refer Tehran to the U.N...	0
New Zealand lifts rates again New Zealand #39;s central bank has again moved to ease inflation pressures, raising its key interest rate by 0.25 percentage points to 6.25 percent -- a level last seen in March 2001.	2
Bumpy ride for Qantas QANTAS is suffering an unexpected softening in passenger demand, particularly on international routes, as the impact of the rising global oil price starts to strike consumer spending.	2
Palestinians mourn their leader Palestinians mourn the death of Yasser Arafat, their leader of 40 years - Israel sees a new chance for peace.	0
Bonds undergoes arthroscopic surgery on left knee Barry Bonds underwent arthroscopic surgery on his left knee Tuesday and is expected to be at full strength when the San Francisco Giants open spring training in February.	1
Straw  #39;ready to listen to #39; Bigley captors The government is ready to listen to a message from the kidnappers of Kenneth Bigley but will not enter into negotiations with them, the foreign secretary, Jack Straw, said today.	0
Stock and oil prices lower NEW YORK - US tech stocks tumbled while blue chips slipped in extremely thin volume yesterday as security concerns surrounding the Republican National Convention here and worries about earnings kept investors on the sidelines.	2
Powell, Libyan FM meet in sign of improved ties (AFP) AFP - US Secretary of State Colin Powell and Libyan Foreign Minister Abdelraham Shalgham met here in the highest-level contact between the two countries in decades amid a sharp improvement in ties between Washington and Tripoli.	0
In Colombia, Bush vows aid in drug war CARTAGENA, Colombia -- Under a security web of warplanes, battleships, and 15,000 troops, President Bush praised Colombia's battle against drugs and Marxist guerrillas yesterday and pledged to keep US aid flowing so that  quot;this courageous nation can win its war against narcoterrorists. quot;	0
Time Warner, Comcast eye joint bid for Adelphia Time Warner Inc., the world #146;s largest media company, and Comcast Corp. said they are considering making a joint bid for bankrupt cable-television operator Adelphia Communications Corp.	2
Dollar in Broad Rally at Start of 2005  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - The euro and Swiss franc both fell  about 1 percent and the Japanese yen shed half a percent in  Asia Monday as the dollar rallied broadly in thin trade.   Holidays in Japan, Australia, New Zealand and London kept  volume low, exaggerating moves, and dealers said there was  nothing particular behind the dollar's rise.  "It seems to be position-squaring across the board in somewhat  thin markets. There is no major news or intervention or  anything like that," said David Simmonds, markets strategist  with the Royal Bank of Scotland.	2
Oil Rebounds After 8-Day Slide on Blaze  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices rose on Wednesday, stemming  an eight-session slide that has dragged prices down 14 percent  from record highs as news emerged of a fresh pipeline fire in  Iraq.	2
Treasuries Dive on Robust Jobs Report US Treasury prices slid on Friday as analysts said the first truly robust jobs report in months suggested the Federal Reserve had plenty of reason to keep raising interest rates through the end of the year.	2
FA probes Stamford Bridge trouble The FA is to take action after trouble marred Wednesday #39;s Carling Cup tie between West Ham and Chelsea. Police in riot gear were confronted by a section of the West Ham support after the match which the Blues won 1-0.	1
Xserve RAID Storage System Updated Apple updated its Xserve RAID storage system, a 3U high-availability, rack storage system to deliver a massive 5.6 terabytes of storage capacity at the industry #146;s most aggressive price for storage of just over \$2 per GB. Additionally, Apple expanded support for heterogeneous environments with certification from Cisco and SUSE Linux and optimized the system to work with its Xsan Storage Area Network file system. Oct 19	3
Today's schedule Pro basketball: WNBA playoffs: Sun vs. Washington (Game 3) at Mohegan Sun Arena, Uncasville, Conn., 8 p.m.	1
Washington Mayor: Baseball Deal Near Dead Washington, DC, Mayor Anthony Williams on Wednesday said the deal to bring Major League Baseball back to the US capital was close to dead after the city council changed the plan to require private financing.	1
Opera to launch browser for Windows Mobile Move signals a shift in strategy for company that competes against Microsoft's Internet Explorer browser.	3
Yankees Walk to Win A bases-loaded walk from the O's Jorge Julio in the ninth gives the Yankees a 4-3 win over the Orioles.	1
More web surfers abandoning the good ship Internet Explorer Microsoft #39;s web browser, Internet Explorer, is continuing its slow but steady slide in market share. According to fresh numbers from web metrics firm Websidestory, IE #39;s share has slipped 1.8 per cent in the last three months.	3
Martinez wins Clemente Award CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Edgar Martinez of the Seattle Mariners won the Roberto Clemente Award for community service on Tuesday. Martinez, 41, is the first Puerto Rican so honoured.	1
Asian, European Leaders Gather in Vietnam for Annual Summit Leaders from 38 Asian and European nations are in Vietnam for a summit of the Asia-Europe Meeting, known as ASEM. The main purpose is to discuss global trade and international issues, but that the question 	0
LDS Church now a major player among Nebraska landowners The LDS Church has bought a large part of a western Nebraska ranch, becoming one of the state #39;s largest landowners. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints recently paid \$17.	2
Yahoo! and Musicmatch: A Hot Duet? The \$160 million deal signals that Semel  amp; Co. will mount the biggest challenge yet to Apple #39;s dominance of online music. Since grabbing the helm at Yahoo (YHOO ) in 2001, CEO Terry Semel has banked on key 	3
Syria-Dictated Move Prompts Political Uproar in Lebanon Lebanon #39;s hothouse politics have been thrown into turmoil by Syria #39;s insistence - at a suddenly summoned special cabinet meeting over the weekend - that the president 	0
Lazard Set to Discuss \$3 Billion IPO Lazard #39;s board is set to meet to consider a sale of shares to the public that could end a long history of private ownership at the independent investment bank and possibly buy out the bank #39;s founding family.	2
That's rich: Gates tops Forbes list once again Microsoft's leader brings home the gold medal for the 11th year running. Google's founders aren't doing too badly, either.	3
Chen cautious over China change Taiwan's President Chen Shui-bian says China's leadership changes are  unlikely to signal a big policy shift.	0
WHO pushes for flu vaccine funding GENEVA -- The World Health Organization yesterday urged governments to provide funds to drug makers developing vaccines against a feared influenza pandemic which could kill millions.	0
Irish Defensive Line Shuts Down Opponents (AP) AP - Linebacker Mike Goolsby knows better than anyone that Notre Dame's defensive line makes it difficult to run.	1
Police to question 'suicide pact' girl Police wait to speak to a seriously ill teenager whose friend died after the girls made an apparent suicide pact.	0
Sudan says rebels continuing attacks despite peace talks; Straw &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sudan #39;s interior minister said Tuesday that a cease-fire with rebel factions in the Darfur region was violated twice on the opening day of peace talks that aim to bring an end to the crisis.	0
Syria: Bomb shows Israel does not want peace DAMASCUS: Syrian Information Minister Mehdi Dakhlallah said Tuesday that the bombing of a car belonging to a member of the Palestinian movement Hamas in Damascus showed Israel continued to reject peace.	0
&lt;em&gt;El Reg&lt;/em&gt; pledges to name BSA antipiracy weasel &lt;strong&gt;Competition&lt;/strong&gt; Get those suggestions in	3
Soccer stars caught in bomb hoax MORE than 70,000 fans were forced to evacuate Real Madrid #39;s Santiago Bernabeu stadium after a bomb scare today. It came in the name of ETA Basque separatist guerrillas and forced the game with Real Sociedad to be abandoned three minutes from time.	1
Google Yields More Than Fistful of Dollars There's a new social class in town -- the "Google Riche" -- and while their newfound wealth is impressive, they might want to spend some time thinking about their new tax brackets and how to keep the sharks from taking a few bites off the top. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
Slumping Bayern face the hottest Bundesliga team Felix Magath wanted a victory against Juventus to ensure smooth sailing in the Champions League so that Bayern Munich could concentrate on catching up in the Bundesliga.	1
Klinsmann #39;s aggressive moves net Germany draw with Brazil Juergen Klinsmann took some risks in his home debut as Germany coach and they paid off in a 1-1 draw Wednesday with five-time World Cup champion Brazil.	1
Microsoft #39;s new mice get touchy Microsoft is introducing a new line of keyboards and mice, including some with fingerprint readers that lets users scan a finger instead of having to enter a log-in name and password when accessing online services or logging on to the PC.	3
India rejects foreign economists India's government drops foreign advisors from its top economic policy body after opposition from left-wing parties.	2
Good Technology, Nokia in cahoots Nokia today announced it is joining forces with Good Technology to extend its GoodLink software to Nokia business-optimized mobile devices such as the Series 90 	3
Sprinters Withdraw from Olympics Amid Swirling Controversies Two of Greeks most adored athletes have pulled themselves out of their host country #39;s Olympics. Sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou missed an International Olympic Committee mandatory drug test last week. Thanou and Kenteris were then involved ...	1
New York's Spitzer Says May Sue Insurer (Reuters) Reuters - New York Attorney General Eliot\Spitzer will file a lawsuit as early as Friday against an\insurance company, the second suit stemming from his sweeping\probe into bid-rigging in the industry, Spitzer told Reuters on\Friday.	2
Simms suffers shoulder injury; Griese leads Bucs to win New Orleans, LA (Sports Network) - Tampa Bay quarterback Chris Simms left in the first quarter of Sunday #39;s win against New Orleans with a left shoulder injury.	1
Four Police Dead in Peru Shootout; Rebel Defiant  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Four Peruvian police died on Sunday  after security forces battled to retake parts of a southern  town seized by an armed group early on New Year's Day to demand  the resignation of President Alejandro Toledo.	0
CarMax posts lower earnings Auto retailer reports that profit fell 6 percent in the third quarter as sales of new cars declined. DETROIT (Reuters) - Auto retailer CarMax Inc.	2
16 churches for sale worth \$28m The 16 churches the Archdiocese of Boston put up for sale this week are worth about \$28 million, according to local tax assessors.	2
NBA Wrap: Wade, O'Neal Carry Heat to 7th Straight Win  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dwyane Wade scored 25 points to  inspire the Miami Heat to their seventh straight win, a 107-100  victory over the Denver Nuggets Friday.	1
Mac OS X Tip of the Week: Organize with Comments Learn how to use Comments to help you keep track of your files in Finder windows by checking out the latest Mac OS X killer tip at the Apple Pro/ site. Oct 20	3
Israel kills key Hamas bomb maker in air strike Israel has killed the top bomb maker of the Hamas Islamic militant group in a Gaza Strip air strike, days before a key parliamentary vote on Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to quit the occupied territory.	0
Frenchman shot dead in Saudi Arabia A French national was shot and killed in the Saudi Arabian city of Jiddah early Sunday, the Interior Ministry said. The man was shot at 1 am in the Red Sea port city.	0
US appeal court gives mixed decision on RIMM-NTP patent case NEW YORK, December 15 (newratings.com) - A US appeal court has upheld a lower courts decision that Research in Motion (RIMM.NAS) had infringed on the patents held by NTP, while canceling an injunction preventing the sales of Blackberry email devices 	2
Major Creditors Agree to Cancel 80 of Iraq Debt The world #39;s leading industrial nations agreed Sunday to cancel 80 percent of the nearly \$39 billion debt owed them by Iraq, a critical step in rebuilding the country #39;s devastated 	0
SC Assistants Asked to Stay on Staff South Carolina #39;s new football coach Steve Spurrier gestures during a news conference Tuesday, Nov. 23, 2004, at Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia, SC (AP Photo/Mary Ann Chastain).	1
Israel Hunts for Militants After Twin Bus Bombings Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered the army to hunt down Palestinian militants after 16 people were killed in back-to-back suicide bombings by the militant Islamic Hamas group.	0
Troy Shocks No. 19 Missouri 24-14 (AP) AP - Jason Samples threw one touchdown pass and caught another and offensive lineman Junior Louissaint scored on a 63-yard fumble recovery as Troy upset No. 19 Missouri 24-14 Thursday night.	1
Olympic Champion Hamilton Suspended by Phonak Team  ZURICH (Reuters) - Olympic time trial champion Tyler  Hamilton has been suspended by his Phonak team after they were  informed he had failed dope tests.	1
Statements by CBS News President, Rather (AP) AP - Statement by CBS News President Andrew Heyward and Dan Rather about the authenticity of documents used to support a "60 Minutes" story that questioned President Bush's Vietnam War-era National Guard service:	0
Arsenal midfielder Edu suffers broken toe Arsenal midfielder Edu, who had just returned to the lineup after a calf injury, broke a toe in the Gunners #39; 3-1 Carling Cup win over Everton on Tuesday.	1
State Street Research acquired A historic name in mutual funds will soon vanish from Boston #39;s investing scene, with BlackRock Inc. #39;s agreement yesterday to acquire State Street Research  amp; Management 	2
GOLF: EUAN #39;S TITLE BID IS SUNK AT THE LAST SCOT Euan Little #39;s chase for a bumper pay packet ended in a soggy mess after a dramatic finale to golf #39;s Dunhill Championship in South Africa.	1
UPDATE 1-China premier wants stable economy for yuan reform Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao signalled the country was in no rush to reform the yuan, and questioned why more hadn #39;t been done to stop the dollar #39;s slide, the strongest 	2
Family rescued from Japan quake A Japanese mother and children survive for four days under a landslide triggered by Saturday's large earthquake.	0
Novell OKs \$536 Mln Microsoft Settlement Novell Inc. (NOVL.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it had reached a settlement with software maker Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.	2
JPEG virus found circulating via IM program AOL Instant Messenger message directs victims to Web sites that host the dangerous images.	3
MPAA Revives P-to-P Lawsuit Group is asking the Supreme Court to overturn decision in favor of file-swapping networks.	3
Farewell to Gravity What once was the exclusive state of astronauts -- weightlessness -- is now available to anyone with a few grand to spare. Xeni Jardin goes for a ride on a commercial zero-gravity flight.	3
Darfur talks to seek political deal amid fighting Sudanese officials and Darfur rebels arrived in Nigeria on Friday for talks on a political deal to end two years of conflict in the vast desert region which observers say is slipping deeper into chaos.	0
Graphic Designer Fired After Heckling Bush CHARLESTON, W.Va. - A man who heckled President Bush at a political rally was fired from his job at an advertising and design company for offending a client who provided tickets to the event...	0
Ukraine Sees Fresh Rallies After Parliament Vote (Reuters) Reuters - Opposition supporters rallied anew on the\streets of the Ukrainian capital on Sunday, boosted by a\parliamentary vote declaring invalid a disputed presidential\poll handing victory to Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovich.	0
Sun unveils UltraSparc IV It will be Sun's first chip to be built with a 90-nanometer process technology and it will have a higher clock speed and larger and more flexible memory caches than the current generation of UltraSparc IV processors.	3
Fallujah strikes leave eight dead US warplanes, tanks and artillery units struck the insurgent stronghold of Fallujah yesterday, killing at least eight people and wounding 15 in a day that saw new violence across the country.	0
UPDATE 1-DR Horton 4th-quarter earnings jump Homebuilder DR Horton Inc. (DHI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday posted a 52 percent increase in quarterly profit on strong new home sales orders and forecast stronger-than 	2
Sportsview: Effort Benefits Steelers (AP) AP - All the Buffalo Bills had to do to make the playoffs was beat a Pittsburgh team playing Brian St. Pierre at quarterback, Willie Parker at running back and a bunch of other no-names.	1
Browns Honor Ex-Player Killed in Vietnam (AP) AP - The Browns will pay tribute Sunday to a former player who died in the Vietnam War and has gone unrecognized by the NFL for decades.	1
Who do you love? Cisco, Dell and Microsoft earn raves in a customer loyalty survey. Apple, HP and Sun? Not so much. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Executives at Cisco, Dell, Microsoft and IBM don #39;t need to worry about losing a lot 	3
DEA Disavows Support Of Painkiller Guidelines Federal officials say they rescinded support for the directive because the document was flawed in addressing the contentious question of when and how doctors can prescribe painkillers without risking prosecution.	3
Other drivers feeling left out TALLADEGA, Ala. - Friday #39;s qualifying session at Talladega Superspeedway was a big day for the other guys -hose Nextel Cup drivers who aren #39;t among the elite 10 in the Chase to the Championship.	1
Mexico rats survive cat onslaught Health officials in the Mexican state of Chihuahua fail to deal with a rat plague by sending in hundreds of cats.	0
Banned Sprinter Chambers Trys Football (AP) AP - Dwain Chambers will be studying pass patterns and playbooks instead of competing against the world's top sprinters in the Olympics this weekend.	1
Verizon Wireless, Nextel Reach Accord Verizon Wireless has agreed to drop its opposition to the FCC #39;s decision to realign the 800 MHz spectrum band, including Nextel #39;s receipt of 1.9 GHz spectrum, and Nextel has agreed to relinquish 	2
Woman hostage is released in Iraq: World News: A Polish woman held hostage in Iraq since late October has been set free and flown back to Warsaw reports BBC. BBC also says making a surprise appearance at a press conference alongside the Polish 	0
Shaq may play in Heat opener MIAMI -- Shaquille O #39;Neal wants to play in Miami #39;s opener today at New Jersey despite a strained left hamstring. O #39;Neal said after yesterday #39;s practice the hamstring felt awkward when he ran.	1
China detains New York Times researcher A Chinese human rights activist who worked as a researcher for the New York Times has been detained on charges of leaking state secrets, said his lawyer on Friday.	0
Frances takes out sports events MIAMI - The Florida Marlins postponed Sunday #39;s game against the Chicago Cubs as Hurricane Frances crept ashore on the eastern coast of Florida.	1
Gaza Militants Kill 4 Israelis, Barghouthi Withdraws  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian militants blew up an Israeli  army post on the Gaza-Egypt border on Sunday, killing at least  four Israeli troops in the deadliest attack since Yasser  Arafat's death a month ago kindled new hopes of peace.	0
FSU-Miami Showdown and Florida Opener Postponed by Hurricane  MIAMI (Sports Network) - Add the marquee showdown between  fifth-ranked Florida State and No. 6 Miami-Florida to the list  of sporting events postponed by Hurricane Frances.	1
US Air Flight Attendants Ready for Strike (Reuters) Reuters - Flight attendants at bankrupt US\Airways Group Inc.  have authorized their union to\call a strike should a federal court allow airline management\to void their contract, the Association of Flight Attendants\said on Monday.	2
Kmart to acquire Sears Bob Vila meet Martha Stewart. Two venerable icons and brands -- Vila the pitchman for Sears Craftsman tools, and Stewart, the home-goods queen for Kmart -- might be sharing shelf space at a Sears or Kmart near you.	2
Clean houses 'may trigger asthma' Parents who keep a clean house may unwittingly be developing asthma in their children, research suggests.	0
A Russia less safe and less free The terrorists, whose unspeakably malevolent takeover of a Russian schoolhouse resulted in the deaths of 330 children, teachers and parents, have succeeded in at least one respect.	0
Anti-Terror Chief Encourages Fans (AP) AP - The possibility of terrorist attacks at sports events should not stop fans from going to stadiums, Europe's anti-terror chief said Tuesday.	1
Citgo Reaches \$323 Million Emissions  Settlement Citgo Petroleum Corp. will install \$320 million in pollution controls in six refineries and pay \$3.6 million to settle a federal lawsuit charging the company with violating the Clean Air Act, the Justice Department announced yesterday.	2
Attackers strike using Web ads Online intruders hit a server owned by advertising host Falk and use it to distribute a destructive program via banner ads.	3
Putting a Twist on Christmas This holiday season, a dozen major retailers are banking on the choppy, pulsating sound of remixed Christmas classics to help lure young shoppers and keep them spending.	2
Hewitt goes through in Washington Second-seed Lleyton Hewitt moved into the quarterfinals of the Washington Open with a routine 6-3 6-2 win over Colombian Alejandro Falla.	1
Update 9: Crude Futures Hold Above \$50 A boost in US crude supplies and the end of American election uncertainties brought some calm to oil markets Thursday, with crude futures falling but still holding above the \$50 mark.	2
Scientists pinpoint Yushchenko poison  LONDON -- Ukrainian presidential candidate Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned with TCDD, the most harmful known dioxin and one contained in Agent Orange, a scientist who analyzed his blood said yesterday.	0
Guilty plea expected from ex-Qwest executive Tom Hall, the last of the four executives at Qwest Communications International awaiting trial, has agreed to plead guilty. His attorney told the court that Hall would be willing to enter a plea.	2
MLB gathering groups wanting to buy Expos Major League Baseball Tuesday kicked off the process of selling the team formerly known as the Montreal Expos, while the president of the franchise said it might have a new name soon after the World Series ends.	1
Rockies Terminate Neagle's Contract  DENVER (Sports Network) - Colorado terminated the contract  of pitcher Denny Neagle on Monday, three days after he was  ticketed for soliciting a women for oral sex.	1
Microsoft to Preview New Search Engine REDMOND, Wash. - Microsoft Corp., stepping up its efforts to compete with rival Google Inc., will offer consumers a preview of its technology for searching the Internet, beginning Thursday.	3
SunGard will spin off disaster recovery unit SunGard Data Systems Inc. plans to split into two companies: one focused on software and processing services and the other on business continuity, availability and disaster recovery services.	3
Sox cover their bases with offers The Red Sox bought more time to negotiate with their free agents by offering salary arbitration to nine players before last night's midnight deadline, including all four of their high-profile free agents: pitchers Pedro Martinez and Derek Lowe, catcher Jason Varitek, and shortstop Orlando Cabrera.	1
Fools Save Half a Billion Congrats, Community! We've scraped together a Buffett-worthy chunk of change.	2
Italian troops  #39;to stay in Iraq #39; Italy says it has no intention of withdrawing its 3,000 troops from Iraq in the face of demands from kidnappers who have seized an Italian journalist.	0
Estes stalking PGA win American Bob Estes is confident he can win the Australian PGA championship going into today #39;s final round at Coolum on Queensland #39;s Sunshine Coast.	1
Ducks Continue to Thrive in Long Island (AP) AP - Before the shopping malls, before Levittown and Jones Beach, before the traffic jams on the Long Island Expressway, there were the ducks.	3
Mariucci Builds a Team Close to Home teve Mariucci, coaching in the state of his birth, is an optimist who still leaves tickets at Ford Field for his parents. His Detroit Lions, one of the surprise teams in the National Football 	1
Court Documents Not Fit for Web? States are rethinking their policy of publishing all court documents -- divorces, medical histories, arrests -- on the web. On one hand is the citizens' right to know how their government operates. On the other is their right to privacy. By Jacob Ogles.	3
 #39;Peg psychologist helps Ford focus ATHENS -- Of the 10,000 athletes in the Athens Olympics, David Ford may be the only one who brought his own personal psychologist.  quot;Probably, quot; Roger Friesen said. 	1
NY Coroner Cites Drugs, Disease in Caminiti Death An overdose of cocaine contributed to the heart attack that killed former Houston Astros third baseman and National League Most Valuable Player Ken Caminiti on Oct. 10, according to autopsy results made public on Monday.	1
US Airlines Hit Financial Turbulence Three of America #39;s largest airlines have reported a combined 906 million dollars US in third-quarter losses. The largest by far was at Delta Air Lines, where bankruptcy looms unless it can quickly win concessions from its pilots and debt holders.	2
Can Bonds reach 700 in Coors Field finale? Bonds will look to make the most of his last visit of the year to hitter-friendly Coors Field as the San Francisco Giants wrap up a two-game series with the Colorado Rockies.	1
Three U.S. Presidents Urge U.S. Relief Aid (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush brought together\former presidents George Bush and Bill Clinton on Monday to\launch an appeal for Americans to make a donation to help\victims of the South Asia quake and tsunamis.	0
Stage is set for Patriots' 19th With the Red Sox off as they prepare to begin the AL Championship Series Tuesday, the Patriots get a Sunday to themselves for a change.	1
Prime minister blames US-led coalition for  #39; #39;great negligence #39; #39; in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Iraq #39;s interim prime minister blamed the US-led coalition Tuesday for  #39; #39;great negligence #39; #39; in the ambush that killed about 50 soldiers 	0
Rams and Bucs tied after three quarters Will Heller caught a 1-yard touchdown pass from Brian Griese that lifted the Tampa Bay Buccaneers into a 21-21 tie with the St. Louis Rams after three quarters on Monday night.	1
Linux Desktop KDE Plans Google Style Search Linux Desktop KDE Plans Google Style Search\\Open-source Linux desktop environment KDE developers have announced plans to make searching for files on the KDE desktop more simple by adding a Google-style search feature. CNet reports that the next version of KDE, which will either be called 3.4 or 4, and is ...	3
Va. Schools Must Offer Dissection Options (AP) AP - Grace Kendall knew back in seventh grade that she didn't want to cut open a preserved frog. Her teacher allowed her to use a computer alternative, and she has declined to dissect ever since.	3
U.S.: Too Early to Tell Iraq Unit's Fate BAGHDAD, Iraq - The U.S. military said Monday no decision had been made on whether to discipline Army reservists who refused a supply mission last week, despite statements from their relatives that the soldiers would be discharged...	0
Jamaicans Flee As Ivan Approaches; 23 Dead ST. GEORGE'S, Grenada - Hurricane Ivan bore down on Jamaica on Friday with deadly winds and monstrous waves, after leaving Grenada a wasteland of flattened houses and twisted metal and setting off a frenzy of looting...	0
MSN Music Store Adds to iTunes Competition Microsoft plas to release Windows Media Player 10 on Thursday alongside the highly anticipated MSN Music Store. WMP10 will be included in Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 which finalized some time after SP2.	3
Fla. Will Reject Incomplete Voter Forms (AP) AP - Florida election officials will not be required to process incomplete voter registration forms for the presidential election, a federal judge ruled Tuesday.	0
Thierry finds his goal touch Thierry Henry scored his first international goal for four months to help struggling France snatch a badly needed 2-0 victory over Cyprus.	1
VeriSign is dealt another legal blow in ICANN suit A federal judge dismissed VeriSign's antitrust claims against the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, dealing another setback to the company in its ongoing legal battle against the Internet's technical coordinating body.	3
Sears Canada fires CEO in abrupt move Sears Canada Inc., which has struggled with declining sales over the past few years, said Thursday it fired chairman and chief executive officer Mark Cohen because of strategic differences over the future direction of the business.	2
Some Iraqi Insurgents Turning in Weapons (AP) AP - Shiite fighters in tracksuits and sneakers unloaded cars full of machine guns, mortars and land mines Monday as a five-day, weapons-for-cash disarmament program kicked off in Baghdad's Sadr City district  #151; a sign of progress in the center of Shiite resistance in Iraq.	0
Three British troops killed LONDON: Three British soldiers were yesterday killed in a suicide and mortar fire attack at a checkpoint, only days after being redeployed to an insurgent-hit region near Baghdad, Armed Forces Minister Adam Ingram told the parliament.	0
Wireless to Drive Internet Growth, Tech Leaders Say  MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (Reuters) - Wireless services will  lead the next growth phase of the Internet as venture  capitalists who helped fund the early boom open their wallets  again, industry leaders said Monday.	3
Iraqi PM asks UN for rebuilding help UNITED NATIONS - Iraqs interim prime minister appealed for a major infusion of foreign troops and international aid to help his country hold elections by January, saying a failure to achieve democracy would be a victory for terrorism.	0
UPDATE 2-US SEC orders hedge funds to register Hedge fund advisers will have to register with the US Securities and Exchange Commission and submit to examinations under a new rule approved in a 3-2 vote by the market-policing agency on Tuesday.	2
Ching's Late Goal Rescues U.S. in Soccer World Cup Qualifier Although the visitors did not get a victory, the United States is still in a good position after what figured to be the most threatening game of the regional semifinal round.	1
Inflation inches up in August  Consumer prices rose slightly in August, easing fears that inflation, which surged earlier this year, would rapidly pick up steam.	2
China Urges U.S. to Stop Selling Arms to Taiwan (Reuters) Reuters - China Tuesday urged the United States\to halt all official contact with Taiwan and to stop selling\arms to the island, but made no comment on Taiwan President\Chen Shui-bian's recent peace overtures.	0
Sale nearly set for NBA Cavaliers (AFP) AFP - Cleveland Cavaliers owner Gordon Gund is involved in contract talks to sell the National Basketball Association team, which has become a top NBA contender behind second-year star LeBron James.	1
Loeb takes the slow road to first world title A cautious approach helped Frenchman Sebastien Loeb to win his first world rallying title on Sunday. Before the Rally of France, Citroen team boss Guy Frequelin 	1
IBM looks to restore iSeries' 'luster' At a gathering of hundreds of iSeries users at at Common's Fall 2004 conference in Toronto, IBM officials agreed with users that the company needs to push the system's viability and versatility more.	3
Vikings Make Rally Count Against Lions (AP) AP - The Minnesota Vikings shut out Detroit in the second half and overcame a 12-point deficit in the fourth quarter to beat the sliding Lions 22-19 Sunday, ending their three-game losing streak.	1
Wolfpack Edge Purdue Julius Hodge scores 22 points to lead No. 16 North Carolina State past Purdue, 60-53, Monday night in Raleigh. The Wolfpack improve to 5-0 with the victory.	1
Where the Healing Touch Starts With the Hospital Design A sprinkling of architects and designers around the world are working to greatly change hospitals by humanizing their design.	3
Mortar fire kills child PALESTINIANS fired mortar rounds into a Gaza Strip settlement today, wounding at least two Israelis, one of them a child, the army said.	0
Photo: Unisys' updated ES7000 server line Unisys' updated ES7000 server line includes a top-end Itanium 2  processor with 9MB of high-speed cache memory.	3
Indian Movie to Debut on Cell Phones (AP) AP - An Indian cellular phone company plans to air a new Bollywood movie on mobile handsets for free and in full Thursday in a bid to promote its video-streaming service.	3
Lifting the Veil on Titan LOS ANGELES -- The NASA spacecraft Cassini, which is carrying a European Space Agency probe, cut off communications with controllers on Monday as it prepared to peer beneath a veil of smog shrouding Saturn #39;s moon, Titan.	3
Mobiles track down wi-fi hotspots Fans of wireless internet access can now find their nearest wi-fi hotspot using their mobile phone.	3
Yahoo buys Bloomba; plans Chennai operations Internet major Yahoo Inc will have a 25-member high-skilled software professional team in Chennai, after it acquired US-based Stata Labs.	3
TSMC sees plummeting utilization, capex down in 2005 LONDON - According to a correspondent in Taiwan Morris Chang, chairman of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ltd. had some interesting things to say about the outlook following on from the company #39;s third quarter results.	2
Volkswagen Says  #39;No Room #39; for Wage Hikes FRANKFURT, Germany Aug. 23, 2004 - Automaker Volkswagen said Monday there is  quot;no room quot; for wage increases this year as it prepares for pay talks with Germany #39;s largest industrial union.	0
Phillies Notes  Phillies join hunt for Pavano The Yankees and Red &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Even with signs pointing toward the Carl Pavano sweepstakes coming down to a bidding war between the Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees, the Phillies have jumped into the mix.	1
Intel demos dual-core chip at IDF Intel kicked off its Intel Developer Forum (IDF) this week with a keynote speech from Paul Otellini, President, Intel Corp. Otellini said, PC industry is about to go through a major change in the way client 	3
Taser wins approval for in-flight use Company says US officials OK request by airline to use the stun gun on flights; shares jump. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stun gun maker Taser International Inc.	2
Bill Proposals Call for Cybersecurity Enhancements As the 108th Congress scrambles in its final days to address homeland security issues, US Reps. Mac Thornberry (R-Texas) and Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.	3
Md. Judge Strikes Down Anti-Spam Law (AP) AP - A judge has ruled that Maryland's anti-spam law  #151; the first state law to penalize senders of junk e-mail  #151; is unconstitutional because it seeks to regulate commerce outside the state's borders.	3
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Minnesota at Texas (8:05 p.m. EDT). Johan Santana (13-6) starts for the AL Central-leading Twins against Kenny Rogers (15-5).	1
U.N. Troops Fight Way Into Gang-Held Haitian Slum (Reuters) Reuters - U.N. troops, backed by\armored vehicles and helicopters, fought their way into a\lawless slum in the Haitian capital on Tuesday in their first\attempt to end a killing spree by warring street gangs.	0
Bangladesh floored by Franklin hat-trick Pace bowler James Franklin snapped up a hat-trick as New Zealand bowled Bangladesh out for 177 on the second day of the first test on Wednesday.	1
Washington #39;s trade deficit hits record \$54bn level The US trade deficit, propelled by a record foreign oil bill, surged to \$54 billion (R355 billion) in August, the second-highest level in history.	2
Protein death process earns Nobel The scientists who discovered how cells mark proteins for destruction receive the 2004 Nobel Prize for chemistry.	3
Peace Corps Opens Office in Mexico The Peace Corps has opened its first office in Mexico, staffed largely with a new breed of volunteers -- older people with expertise in computers, engineering and business, Peace Corps Director Gaddi H. Vasquez said Tuesday.	0
Gerrard all set to make a comeback England midfielder Steven Gerrard says he is ready to make his comeback for Liverpool at Middlesbrough on Saturday, after a two-month injury absence.	1
Bengals change stripes Chad got the best of Champ last night, turning the Cincinnati Bengals into an unexpected prime-time success.	1
Beckham #39;s goal gives new Real Madrid coach win in debut David Beckham scored on a free kick in the 61st minute to put Real Madrid atop the Spanish league standings with a 1-0 victory over Osasuna on Tuesday in coach Mariano Garcia Remon #39;s debut.	1
France chooses Forgeard for joint control of EADS (AFP) AFP - French interests named the head of Airbus, Noel Forgeard, to be one of two new pilots running the European aeronautics and defence group EADS after weeks of reported tension over his role.	0
Wannstedt Decides Against Coaching at Pitt (AP) AP - Former Miami Dolphins and Chicago Bears coach Dave Wannstedt decided Thursday not to seek the coaching job at Pitt, the school where he played and once was an assistant coach.	1
Most Airlines Raise Fares Due to Fuel (Reuters) Reuters - A fare hike that raises tickets by  #36;5\each way announced by American Airlines earlier this week to\offset record high jet fuel appears to be sticking among other\U.S. airlines, an industry source said on Friday.	2
Prem Preview: Blackburn  Portsmouth Mark Hughes takes charge of Blackburn for the first time and will hope that mediocre travellers Portsmouth will provide an instant success for his nineteenth placed side.	1
Roundup: Wisconsin routs Penn; UConn, Kentucky roll Mike Wilkinson scored all but two of his 19 points in the second half and Brian Butch had a memorable debut in No. 20 Wisconsin #39;s 77-44 rout of Penn on Saturday night.	1
Najaf battle a crucial test for Allawi Clashes between US troops and Sadr militiamen escalated Thursday, as the US surrounded Najaf for possible siege.	0
Patriots at 19, counting Crack consecutive-win record. Patriots 24, Dolphins 10; Bewildered Fish make it easy for Brady in lacklustre game. Two streaks, going in opposite directions, remained intact, although not without some drama.	1
Florida Residents Line Up for Food, Water VERO BEACH, Fla. - People lined up for more than a half-mile for food and water, while others searched in vain for generators in the sweltering heat Monday as Florida residents began cleaning up all over again, demoralized by the fourth hurricane in six weeks to batter the state...	0
Three pops and Thomson goes out Atlanta Braves starting pitcher John Thomson, center, is pulled from the game against the Houston Astros during the first inning of Game 3 of the National League Division Series in Houston, on Saturday.	1
Calpers Ouster Puts Focus on How Funds Wield Power The ouster of the president of California #39;s public pension fund has raised questions about whether pension funds, endowments and other big activist investors will be able to keep wielding influence in corporate governance campaigns.	2
Tomball City Council approves budget Tomball City Council approved a \$40.5 million budget Tuesday that entails utility rate hikes and pay raises but no increase in the property tax rate.	2
Pope replaces sex scandal bishop Pope John Paul II accepts the resignation of an Austrian bishop over a porn scandal at a seminary in his diocese.	0
New Atlas Shows Fast Pace of Changing World (Reuters) Reuters - From new place names, shrinking seas\and terror attacks to soaring Internet usage, the world is\changing at a more rapid pace than in previous decades, says	3
Last Chance Until 2007: Total Lunar Eclipse Tonight! (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Skywatchers on half the planet are gearing up to watch Earth's shadow consume a blood-red Moon tonight in the last total lunar eclipse until 2007.	3
BSA now pushing 700 software piracy probes in the U.S. The chief enforcement officer for the Business Software Alliance told attendees at a Gartner asset management conference yesterday that software audit raids with federal marshals and court orders against enterprise customers are rare.	3
Boston's Pierce fined 15,000 dollars for spitting (AFP) AFP - Boston Celtics star Paul Pierce was fined 15,000 dollars for spitting during a National Basketball Association pre-season game.	1
Robust market drove new-house prices up again in August, says &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OTTAWA (CP) - A robust housing market and higher prices for building materials, labour and land pushed up prices for new houses across the country in August, says Statistics Canada.	2
Melvin pays for Mariners #39; 63-99 finish The Seattle Mariners fired manager Bob Melvin on Monday, one day after the team finished a 63-99 season.  quot;There #39;s plenty of blame to go around, from my position to his to the scouts to the players themselves, quot; general manager Bill Bavasi said.	1
Flights to weightlessness make playgrounds of the sky I have been to zero gravity and flown like Superman. This is something that only astronauts and the stars of Apollo 13 have done before.	3
Perth join Super 14 THE Australian Rugby Union (ARU) has announced that Perth have been chosen as the fourth Australian team for the expanded Super 14 rugby competition in the 2006 season.	1
Microsoft Announces Legal Settlements Microsoft announced settlements Monday with rival Novell Inc. for \$536 million and with a Washington-based trade organization that had aggressively backed the European Union's landmark antitrust case against Microsoft. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Associated Press&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
Fleming, suppliers settle SEC claims WASHINGTON -- Grocery wholesaler Fleming Cos. and some of its suppliers and their employees have agreed to settle Securities and Exchange Commission claims of accounting fraud.	2
Woman bomber strikes in Jerusalem JERUSALEM: A Palestinian woman suicide bomber blew herself up near a hitch-hiking post in Jerusalem yesterday, killing two people and wounding 15.	0
Jimmie Johnson cries foul In the high-pressure atmosphere of the Chase for the Championship, any issue that arises will get more than its share of scrutiny from drivers, fans and media.	1
Australia: Howard government returned, courtesy of Labor The Liberal-National Party coalition government led by prime minister John Howard has been returned to office in Australia in an election result that once again underlines the collapse of support 	0
Space telescopes discover more of sun #39;s sisters Astronomers are finding more of the sun #39;s sisters as they train two sharp eyes on the universe. NASA, ESA, DR Ardila, DA Golimowski, JE Krist, M. Clampin, JP 	3
Briefly: Business Objects to bundle IBM tools roundup Plus: Linux clusters gear up for simulated combat...Sprint to bake in BlackBerry for businesses...Microsoft ships updated Works...FaceTime pulls in \$16 million.	3
Mandrake gets contract to boost Linux security Linux seller gets piece of \$8.6 million French contract after exiting bankruptcy protection.	3
Rugby-Super 12, Tri-nations to be expanded in 2006 The southern hemisphere #39;s Tri-nations and Super 12 rugby union competitions will be expanded from 2006, it was announced on Monday.	1
Tokyo Stocks Higher; Dollar Up Against Yen (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks inched up Tuesday morning, nudging aside Wall Street's broader losses and taking encouragement from a rise in U.S. technology stocks. The dollar was trading higher against the Japanese yen.	0
Report: UAE president dead at 86 The president of the United Arab Emirates, who helped forge a federation from seven Persian Gulf states and ruled it since its creation, has died, Abu Dhabi TV said.	0
The Innovation Economy -- This Way To The Future (BusinessWeek Online) BusinessWeek Online - Seventy-five years is a mere blink of history's eye. Yet since 1929, when BusinessWeek was first published, the world has been transformed by profound innovation and technological wizardry. Three-quarters of a century ago, there were no safe and effective antibiotics, no jet travel, no commercial television, and no computers. Many died of routine infections. A five-day ocean voyage was the main way to get from America to Europe, and "wireless" meant the wood-paneled Radiola in the parlor. Since then our mastery of the physical and biological world has strengthened remarkably. ...	3
The Associated Press Cincinnati - The Kroger Co., owner of King Soopers and City Markets stores in Colorado and one of the nation #39;s largest operators of supermarkets, reported today that its second-quarter earnings fell almost \$50 million from a year ago, hurt by debt charges 	2
UK in  #39;war of words #39; with Charles LONDON: British government and Prince Charles are locked in an unprecedented, public war of words over the rights and virtues of meritocracy vs aristocracy in the aspirational 21st century, sparking a right royal class war of republican proportions.	0
Developing nose for ball FOXBOROUGH -- Growing up in southern Florida and playing at the University of Miami, it'd be natural to assume Patriots rookie Vince Wilfork was a Dolphins fan. Bad assumption. Wilfork hates the Dolphins. So what kind of day did the 6-foot-2-inch, 325-pound nose tackle have against the teal and orange yesterday?	1
SEC Begins Amkor Technology Inquiry Amkor Technology Inc. said Tuesday that the Securities and Exchange Commission began an informal inquiry into trading of the company #39;s securities.	2
Prince Charles views reconstruction of Al-Aqsa pulpit in Jordan (AFP) AFP - Britain's Prince Charles got a first-hand glimpse of the recreation of a pulpit for Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa mosque on the second day of a visit to Jordan.	0
Lawmakers request CIA's 9/11 report (Chicago Tribune) Chicago Tribune - The ranking members of the House Intelligence Committee have asked the CIA to turn over an internal report on whether agency employees should be held accountable for intelligence failures leading up to the Sept. 11 attacks, congressional officials said Tuesday.	0
Intel Demonstrates New Chips Intel Corp. President Paul S. Otellini yesterday demonstrated new chips scheduled for release next year that simultaneously run tasks such as burning CDs and playing video games, as he sought to allay concerns about product delays. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Bloomberg News&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	3
News Analysis: can 1 million barrels of oil revive world market? OPEC decided at its ministerial meeting here Wednesday to increase its oil production ceiling by 1 million barrels a day beginning Nov. 1, but the decision will have little real impact on the high oil prices.	2
Kumble joins  #39;Club 400 #39; Bangalore - Indian leg-spinner Anil Kumble gave home fans plenty to cheer about on Wednesday when he capped a glorious career by becoming the ninth bowler in Test history to complete 400 wickets.	1
Schwarzer heroics could spark Old Trafford move Australian international goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer increased his chances of a move to Manchester United with an inspired display to earn Middlesbrough a deserved 1-1 draw at Old Trafford.	1
Simulation, War's New Teacher Will Interactive is part of a prospering crop of Washington area firms trying to sell interactive training and simulation technologies to the military.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Ellen McCarthy&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	3
US boxer topples the Russian giant He saw the looks and he heard the snickers and he guessed that the joke was at his expense. Boxing has never been the subtlest of sports, and Ward has never been the largest of light heavyweights.	1
Safe Mode in Windows Helps Fix What Ails It Booting up in safe mode; how to record vinyl records onto a PC; external floppy drives.	3
Feeling Their Pain The uphill battle the Red Sox face against the Yankees is nothing new to Boston fans.	1
The lengths some women will go to Yelena Isinbayeva of Russia took the gold and broke the world record on Tuesday but the question on many minds was: how long was her pole?	1
Seoul tells of 1982 test to extract plutonium SEOUL A week after admitting that government scientists enriched tiny amounts of uranium four years ago, the South Korean government revealed on Thursday that scientists in 1982 conducted an experiment in plutonium extraction at a state-run research 	0
J.P. Morgan Chase Reports Sharp Drop in Earnings J.P. Morgan Chase   Company, the nation's second-largest bank, surprised Wall Street today with a sharp drop in third-quarter earnings.	2
Apple vs Apple:  #39;mind boggling #39; pay-out imminent - report Apple Corp. and Apple Comp. - aka the Beatles and the maker of the Mac - are reported to be on the verge of ending their legal dispute over the latter #39;s right to operate in the music market.	3
India withdraws anti-terror law The Indian cabinet agrees to repeal a controversial anti-terrorism law which it says has been misused.	0
Dolphins Name A.J. Feeley Starting QB (AP) AP - Miami Dolphins interim coach Jim Bates has made his first big decision: He's switching quarterbacks.	1
Microsoft: 2005  #39;Breakout Year #39; For Windows Server com. Labeling 2005 a  quot;breakout year quot; for its server operating-system line, Microsoft on Monday laid out a revised road map for Windows Server 2003 that promised the release of the second edition in the last half and a service pack in the first.	3
Iraqi Army Recruits Massacred The bodies of more than 40 Iraqi army recruits have been found following an ambush near the Iranian border in the country #39;s northeast region.	0
FDA Approves Human RFID Tags The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recently approved a radio frequency identification (RFID) microchip (VeriChip) that will be implanted in humans and used for medical purposes.	3
New Zealand a Noah's Ark for Conserving Bizarre Birds New Zealand has reached a major milestone in its 110-year effort to save many native birds from extinction and reintroduce them to their old mainland habitats.	3
Britain's Conservatives Struggling (AP) AP - A decade ago, analysts were calling Britain's Conservative Party the dominant force in 20th-century British politics.	0
Two new, tiny moons found around Saturn Paris, France, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- The Cassini-Huygens spacecraft has detected two tiny, previously-unknown moons orbiting Saturn between Mimas and Enceladus, mission scientists said Tuesday. 	3
Some 28 U.S. GIs Face Afghan Abuse Cases WASHINGTON - Up to 28 U.S. soldiers face possible criminal charges in connection with the deaths of two prisoners at an American-run prison in Afghanistan two years ago, the Army announced Thursday...	0
Parents to Read 9/11 Victims' Names NEW YORK - On the first anniversary of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, dignitaries, community leaders and relatives of victims stood at ground zero and gave voice to the names of the dead...	0
Dutch raid Kurd  #39;training camp #39; Police have raided a suspected training camp of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers #39; Party (PKK) in the south of the Netherlands, arresting 29 people.	0
US Plans Would Defer Roan Plateau Drilling The US Bureau of Land Management said on Friday its preferred plan for the rim of the Roan Plateau in western Colorado is to defer oil and natural gas drilling until 80 percent of anticipated wells are drilled below the rim.	3
Incident mars marathon as far as ugly incidents -t a 2004 Olympics that had opened with such anxiety. Until Sunday night. A defrocked Irish 	1
Labor chief asked: Why are OFWs still in Iraq? Get INQ7 breaking news on your Smart mobile phone in the Philippines. Send INQ7 BREAKING to 386. LABOR Secretary Patricia Sto. Tomas should explain why there are still Filipino workers in Iraq 	0
European stocks end down EUROPEAN stocks ended lower today after a terrorist attack in Saudi Arabia sent crude prices higher and a weak start to trading on Wall Street prompted selling.	2
Liberty Alliance names first director, new members The Liberty Alliance Project, a global consortium aimed at developing and promoting standards for managing user identities on networks, now has its first executive director: Silicon Valley IT consultant Donal O'Shea.	3
Sun Demos Accessibility for Open-Source Systems One Sun innovation is how on-screen keyboard buttons can include drop-down menu items specific to a given application or function.	3
Williams Thumps Schnyder, Roddick Roars On Serena Williams and Andy Roddick produced some explosive tennis at the US Open on Sunday as their respective title challenges gained strength.	1
Alaska Researchers Try to Breed Rare Ducks (AP) AP - Researchers at the Alaska Sealife Center are getting an education in the sex lives of a rare sea duck species that is disappearing from its nesting grounds in Alaska.	3
Blu-ray Disc Association Launches Today, more than 70 companies from the consumer electronics, information technology, media and software industries held the first official meeting of the Blu-ray Disc Association.	3
Honeywell to Buy UK's Novar for \$1.5 Bln  LONDON (Reuters) - Diversified U.S. manufacturer Honeywell  has agreed to buy Novar Plc, a British industrial holding  company, for 798 million pounds (\$1.53 billion), a source  familiar with the situation said on Sunday.	2
La Russa, Francona have family ties For the here and now, it is the challenge of matching wits with Terry Francona that dominates Tony La Russa's thoughts in the World Series.	1
Republicans, protesters mass in New York (AFP) AFP - Republicans descended on New York for their national convention to rally President George W. Bush back to the White House, as anti-Bush demonstrators planned a massive, noisy protest in the streets.	0
Fed #39;s Poole calls for end to rate hints WASHINGTON (CBS.MW) -- The Federal Open Market Committee should end its practice of hinting at the likely course of future policy actions, said William Poole, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of St.	2
N.Korea Says Blast Was for Hydro-Electric Project  SEOUL (Reuters) - A huge explosion in North Korea last week  was a deliberate blast to pave the way for a hydro-electric  dam, Pyongyang said Monday.	0
Online Gift Guide for Kids' Books Offered (AP) AP - Thousands of children's books are published in the United States each year, so finding the perfect book for that favorite niece or nephew won't be easy. It wouldn't hurt to have a little help. With that in mind, the Center for Children's Books at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign has created an online guide to help make choosing the right children's gift easier.	3
Testing Positive Olympics: Despite doubts and fears that the facilities would not be ready in time and drugs scandals before the Games had even started, we have witnessed a memorable Olympics for all the right reasons.	1
KPMG Pays \$10 Mln to Settle with SEC  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - KPMG &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KPMG.UL target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KPMG.UL&lt;/A&gt; will pay \$10 million  -- the largest payment ever by an accounting firm in a U.S.  Securities and Exchange Commission action -- to settle charges  of improper conduct while auditing Gemstar-TV Guide  International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GMST.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GMST.O&lt;/A&gt;, the SEC said on Wednesday.	2
EMI to Face Spitzer Music Industry Probe  LONDON (Reuters) - EMI Group PLC, the world's third-largest  music company, confirmed on Friday it faced a New York probe  into how music companies influence what songs are played on the  radio.	2
Lehigh and Lafayette Are Still Playing After All Those Years Lehigh and Lafayette on Saturday will meet for the 140th time, but for the first time with an automatic postseason bid on the line.	1
For O.D.B., Fun Was Too Much or Not at All For hip-hop stars, there is nothing glamorous about being out of control. The late rapper burned hot in a world where stars are supposed to stay cool.	0
WTO rules against US gambling ban The World Trade Organisation confirms a ruling that says the US cannot ban internet gambling.	2
Marlins welcome back Leiter CBC SPORTS ONLINE - After spending the last seven seasons with the New York Mets, Al Leiter was feeling a little nostalgic. Leiter signed a one-year contract with the Florida Marlins, a team he helped lead to a World Series title in 1997.	1
PeopleSoft scores analyst support LOS ANGELES (CBS.MW) -- PeopleSoft Inc., whose board has spurned repeated hostile takeover offers from Oracle Corp,. got a major boost Thursday when several analysts raised their PeopleSoft financial forecasts.	2
Army Wages War on Modern Menaces New ways of protecting U.S. troops from RPGs, biological weapons and more take center stage at a military science conference. There's even a morphine substitute that emerged from the rave scene. Noah Shachtman reports from Orlando, Florida.	3
Clippers' Livingston Placed on Injured List  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Clippers  placed rookie guard Shaun Livingston on the injured list  Tuesday with a dislocated right kneecap.	1
Palestinian PM Renews Threat to Resign Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qurie has renewed a threat to resign in a tussle for power with Yasser Arafat just six weeks after retracting his previous resignation, officials said on Wednesday.	0
Monty looking good Colin Montgomerie, Luke Donald and Paul McGinley are looking good. While Europe #39;s Ryder Cup captain was settling his 	1
Hanson sweeps to sixth victory Australia #39;s Brooke Hanson won a record sixth gold medal at one swimming World Short Course Championships. She saw off American Amanda Beard #39;s challenge to take the 200m breaststroke title in Indianapolis in a time of two minutes and 21.	1
Chinese leader says economy to grow about 9.0 percent in 2004 (AFP) AFP - Chinese President Hu Jintao said the booming economy in China would grow by "around 9.0 percent" this year as controls implemented to slow overheated sectors of the economy took effect.	2
Japan automaker hikes FY forecast TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Japan #39;s third-largest automaker Honda Motor Co. said Wednesday its first-half net profit rose 0.9 percent to 241.	2
IBM #39;s storage software owns all of EMC kit IBM has infiltrated deeper into EMC #39;s storage line with a new version of its SAN (storage area network) Volume Controller software.	3
Pakistan hunts for key Al Qaeda figure ISLAMABAD, Pakistan -- Pakistani security forces are hunting a Libyan Al Qaeda leader whom senior intelligence officials see as a possible key to finding Osama bin Laden and others in the terrorist ...	0
EarthLink tests file-sharing program A new file-sharing program hit the Net late Wednesday, posted by none other than Internet service provider EarthLink. The software, hosted on an out-of-the-way corner of the company #39;s research and development 	3
Mutu sacks his Romanian agents Romanian striker Adrian Mutu, who was dismissed by English premier league club Chelsea for taking cocaine before being banned by the Football Association last week, fired his agents on Monday.	1
Palmsource buys Linux mobile OS developer The news that PalmSource bought China MobileSoft for its knowledge of the exploding Chinese market for mobile devices makes a lot of sense.	3
News Corp beats estimates Strong sales at newspapers, TV and cable help Rupert Murdoch #39;s media empire post two cents higher. LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Rupert Murdoch #39;s News Corp.	2
A dash of novelty to add to excitement LONDON, SEPTEMBER 9: A dash of novelty would mark the exciting Champions Trophy. The tournament will feature new technology trials which could have far-reaching effects on the game.	1
Pre-Human Walked Upright 6 Million Years Ago -Study A chimp-sized human ancestor walked upright 6 million years ago, far earlier than anyone had been able to show before, researchers reported on Thursday.	3
As More Exploits Emerge, Security Groups Prep for JPEG Attack The Internet security community is preparing for a working virus or worm attack based on the Microsoft JPEG exploit revealed last week.	3
Can MSN music unseat iTunes? The software giant quietly raised the curtain for its MSN Music Web site, which offers song downloads for 99 cents. The store also has a home in Windows Media Player 10, which is slated to launch on Thursday.	2
Intel evaluating India for chip making unit (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp., the world's largest maker of computer microchips, is evaluating India as one of the options for setting up a chip manufacturing unit, its chief executive said on Thursday.	0
Word of Weis spreads quickly Notre Dame, IN - When Willingham was let go a week and a half ago, the word spread quickly across Notre Dame #39;s campus. Now the news that a new coach is in place is all over campus too.	1
Scientists Seek Better Way to Measure Rain (AP) AP - Meteorologists at North Carolina State University are working on a way to more accurately measure rainfall in small areas.	3
France sends FM to free hostages in Iraq The French government sent its foreign minister Sunday to the Middle East region to try to free two French journalists held hostage in Iraq as a truce was reached in Baghdad #39;s slum of Sadr City.	0
Microsoft in Tune with Digital Music  LOS ANGELES (Billboard) - Software giant Microsoft is  casting its sights on the digital media marketplace by  positioning itself as pro-consumer-choice.	3
Fujitsu and Cisco Team Up for IP Networks Fujitsu Limited and Cisco Systems, Inc. today announced that they have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable service providers 	3
EU to Rule Tuesday on Oracle's Bid for PeopleSoft European Union regulators will decide Tuesday whether Oracle Corp.'s hostile \$7.7 billion bid for rival business software concern PeopleSoft Inc. can proceed, the EU's antitrust chief said Friday.	3
Texas A M Tops Texas Tech 32-25 in OT (AP) AP - Courtney Lewis scored on a 25-yard run on the first play of overtime and Melvin Bullitt swatted away Sonny Cumbie's fourth-down pass into the end zone, sending the Aggies to a thrilling 32-25 win over Texas Tech on Saturday.	1
U.S. Jet Flight to Vietnam Makes History (AP) AP - United Airlines became the first U.S. carrier to fly to Vietnam since the war ended nearly 30 years ago, marking a new milestone in relations between the former enemies as VIPs on board were greeted at the airport with lotus blossoms and silk lanterns.	0
Israel air strikes hit Gaza camp One Palestinian is killed and three were injured in Israeli strikes on the Jabaliya refugee camp in Gaza, witnesses say.	0
Spurrier withdraws from Florida coaching search After spending more than a week thinking about it, Spurrier decided Thursday to remove his name from consideration to replace Ron Zook.	1
Mountains of Interest Add to Pain of Credit Cards Credit card companies are changing the terms of their accounts at a historically high rate, costing Americans millions of dollars in fees that they did not expect.	0
US to purchase flu vaccine from Canada, Germany The US government is planning to purchase 5 million doses of flu vaccine from Canadian and German plants to deal with their shortages, the Canadian Broadcast Corporation (CBC) reported Monday.	2
Phillips leads US winners In winning the Olympic title on his first jump Thursday with the fifth-longest in 108-year Olympic history, Phillips took himself and American long jumping out from the lengthy shadow of four-time long jump gold medalist Carl Lewis and world record holder 	1
Veteran, rookie enjoy sizzling rounds Fred Funk and PGA Tour rookie Zach Johnson had nearly perfect rounds yesterday and shared a one-stroke lead in the Buick Championship.	1
No. 2 Oklahoma 31, Kansas St. 21 _ Jason White threw for four touchdowns as Oklahoma overcame its own mistakes to beat Kansas State 31-to-21 today. Freshman star Adrian Peterson added 130 yards rushing, with all 26 of those coming in the second half.	1
Romanians Pitch Rumsfeld on Base Location MIHAIL KOGALNICEANU AIR BASE, Romania - To entice the US military to make a home here, what better symbolic appeal could the Romanian government make than to rename a street here  quot;George Washington Boulevard?	0
Supreme Court to Review Taking Property for Development (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. Supreme Court said on\Tuesday that it would decide whether the government can take a\person's home or business for a private development project\intended to boost tax revenues and revitalize a local economy.	0
Bush passes US intelligence bill President George Bush signs into law the country's most radical overhaul of its intelligence agencies in nearly 60 years.	0
Moya Beats Roddick, Gives Spain Davis Cup (AP) AP - Carlos Moya defeated Andy Roddick 6-2, 7-6 (1), 7-6 (5) on Sunday to win the Davis Cup for Spain, giving the home team an insurmountable 3-1 lead in the best-of-five final on clay.	1
Wal-Mart Still Sees Nov. Sales Up 2-4 Pct Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the world #39;s largest retailer, said on Saturday it still expects a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in November sales at its US stores open at least a year.	2
Wal-Mart Sees Nov. U.S. Sales Up 2-4 Pct (Reuters) Reuters - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , the\world's largest retailer, said on Saturday that it still\expects a 2 percent to 4 percent increase in November sales at\its U.S. stores open at least one year.	2
Falling out of range While the Red Sox celebrated their 10th straight victory and picked up another game on that team from New York, the Texas Rangers, following last night's 2-0 loss at Fenway Park, were left to wonder where their season is going.	1
Jobs, tax cuts key issues for Bush President Bush says himself there #39;s still work to be done to keep the economy growing. But when the Republicans gather next week in New York for their national convention, much of 	2
Delta Cutting Flights From OKC To Dallas-Fort Worth OKLAHOMA CITY -- Oklahoma will lose Delta Air Lines flights to the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport as the airline restructures to try to avoid bankruptcy.	2
Ex-Chess Champ Fischer's Marriage Plans Hit Snag  TOKYO (Reuters) - A Japanese chess great who plans to marry  former world champion Bobby Fischer and help him avoid  deportation home to the United States declared herself on  Thursday to be a pawn seeking to become a queen.	0
China #39;s SAIC set to control MG Rover venture Chinese carmaker SAIC is set to control a crucial joint venture with MG Rover under terms of a cooperation deal expected to win approval from Beijing early next year, MG Rover says.	2
Milosevic Opens His Defense Case THE HAGUE, Netherlands - Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic opened his defense at the Yugoslav war crimes tribunal Tuesday, starting the long-delayed second half of his trial on charges of genocide and other war crimes in the Balkans.    Milosevic began by complaining to the judges that he was allotted only four hours to make his opening statement, while prosecutors were given three days to outline their case when the trial began in February 2002...	0
Online Stock Trading Gets Cheaper Doing business from home is about to get easier. Charles Schwab Corp. will lower fees next month in a move that could trigger a price war as online brokers battle for customers.	2
Microsoft plugs hole in Exchange The patch fixes a flaw in the e-mail server software that could be used to get access to in-boxes and information.	3
IBM Product to Challenge Data Storage Leader EMC  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=IBM.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;IBM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday will take  aim at the heart of data storage equipment leader EMC Corp.'s  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=EMC.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;EMC.N&lt;/A&gt; market with a product that will allow EMC buyers to  switch to IBM.	3
Merrill Lynch/Enron Execs Convicted 11/4/04- A Houston jury has convicted 5 men of fraud and conspiracy, while acquitting the only female defendant in the trial of ex-Merrill Lynch and former Enron executives.	2
Mountaineers Prepared to Lead Big East (AP) AP - West Virginia coach Rich Rodriguez can't help but notice the buzz on campus.	1
Cycling: Tour de France changes  Changes are likely when the Tour de France route for 2005 is announced on Thursday.	0
Three killed in Samarra blasts Three people have been killed and 14 wounded in separate bomb attacks in the restive Iraqi city of Samarra. One of the blasts was a suicide attack.	0
Merck KGaA, Biomira Shares Gain on Cancer Study (Update1) Shares of Biomira Inc., a Canadian drug developer, jumped 94 percent and Merck KGaA, Germany #39;s fourth-largest drugmaker, rose as much as 6.4 percent after the companies said data from 	2
On a Day of Relative Calm in Iraq, Debate on Election Delay Continues Iraqi political figures continued on Sunday to react to a movement by Sunni Arabs to delay elections by six months.	0
Central Bank Remains Silent as the Euro Rises Will the European Central Bank intervene in the world #39;s currency markets to put a lid on the euro? It has become a tantalizing prospect for many Europeans, who are nervous 	2
Palestinians Head to Paris to Probe Arafat's Death  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Palestinian leaders plan to  dispatch a delegation to Paris to seek details on what caused  the death of President Yasser Arafat last week at a French  hospital, officials said on Wednesday.	0
Who #39;s Using Firefox? The Firefox Web browser has been causing a commotion among users and snaring snippets of market share from Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer since June--long before Version 1.0 of the open-source software was officially released earlier this month.	3
Summary Box: Saving Hubble will be costly OUTLOOK FOR HUBBLE: The newest report on a plan to save the popular, aging space telescope by repairing it with a robot says it would cost \$2 billion and have just a 50-50 chance of working.	3
Randy no match for Rocket One pitcher in the history of baseball has won more Cy Young Awards than Randy Johnson, and he widened his lead Tuesday. Houston Astros ace Roger Clemens earned his record seventh Cy Young 	1
Apple iTunes to Carry New Band Aid Single (AP) AP - The new Band Aid charity single will be sold on Apple's popular iTunes online music service, with the company subsidizing the retail cost of the track.	3
Wall Street Set to Slip on Oil  LONDON (Reuters) - Wall Street was expected to open lower  on Monday weighed down by worries that Americans will feel the  pinch of steeper energy costs, and Boston Scientific Corp  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BSX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BSX.N&lt;/A&gt; may dip on news of a product recall.	2
British Grand Prix given a chance The British Grand Prix got a second chance in 2005, after Formula One bosses put it in 2005 #39;s race calendar - as long as a deal can be reached.	1
British foreign minister arrives in troubled Darfur (AFP) AFP - British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw arrived in Sudan's violence-plagued western region of Darfur to see the plight of refugees driven from their homes by state-sponsored militias.	0
Red Cross tsunami victims' Web site overwhelmed A Red Cross Web site designed to help relatives locate survivors of last week's Indian Ocean tsunami partially crashed last week after being overwhelmed by traffic in its first 24 hours, a spokesman said.	3
Dollar Edges Higher as Greenspan Awaited (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar posted modest gains on\Wednesday as investors awaited comments from the Federal\Reserve chief that are expected to point to further rises in\U.S. interest rates this year.	2
Blair, Ahern press Northern Ireland rivals in talks grind (AFP) AFP - Prime Ministers Tony Blair of Britain and Bertie Ahern of Ireland dug in with Northern Ireland's rival Catholic and Protestant parties for a second day of talks aimed at restoring the province's power-sharing government.	0
Oil Ends Below \$50 on Nigerian Ceasefire Oil prices slid from record highs above \$50 a barrel Wednesday as the U.S. government reported a surprise increase in crude stocks and rebels in Nigeria's oil-rich delta region agreed to a preliminary cease-fire with the government.	2
Electronics, Health Care Profit at Tyco #39;s electronics unit rose more than fourfold in the quarter as revenue climbed 15 percent on higher sales volume in automotive, communications, computer and consumer electronics.	2
Security chief #39;s view on kidnap One of the UK #39;s leading security consultants says the kidnapping of aid co-ordinator Margaret Hassan in Iraq may be the work of a new kidnap group.	0
IBM Updates TotalStorage SAN Software Suite (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The company says the new version of its SAN virtualization manager can handle all of rival EMC's arrays.	3
FOOTBALL: I THOUGHT A SEMI-FINAL SPOT WAS IN BAG AFTER WE SCORED MARTIN O #39;NEILL reckoned Celtic were set to continue Rangers #39; run of misery in Old Firm showdowns. O #39;Neill was convinced that John Hartson #39;s 66th-minute header might just be enough to clinch a place in the last four of the CIS Cup.	1
Google Acquires Satellite Map Company In a deal that could give a boost to local search marketing, search engine giant Google said yesterday it acquired Keyhole Corp., which sells online satellite maps.	3
Eagles' McDougle Has Irregular Heartbeat (AP) AP - Philadelphia defensive end Jerome McDougle missed practice Friday because of an irregular heartbeat and was doubtful for the Eagles' game this weekend against Cleveland.	1
Army demolishes terror hide-outs PAKISTAN #39;S army backed by artillery and helicopter gunships demolished some  quot;terrorist hideouts quot; in an offensive against foreign militants but failed to capture a former Guantanamo Bay prisoner accused of targeting security forces in a tense tribal region 	0
Safety critic says he faces FDA transfer in  quot;reprisal quot; Dr. David Graham, the Food and Drug Administration scientist who publicly criticized the agency #39;s approach to drug safety during a congressional hearing last week, said 	2
Linux seller completes name change The Linux specialist formerly known as Lindows announces that it has completed its name change to Linspire.	3
Despite Rout, Auburn Remains 3rd Wheel Auburn gained a measure of respect in the eyes of Associated Press pollsters for its 24-6 rout of Georgia on Saturday, but it wasn #39;t enough to vault the Tigers ahead of Oklahoma for second in the Bowl Championship Series standings.	1
Judicial hearings set for Hussein #39;s comrades Baghdad -- Judicial proceedings will begin next week against some of the most senior leaders under former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, Iraq #39;s interim prime minister said Tuesday in a surprising announcement that put the past government #39;s crimes before 	0
UConn, Pitt go their different ways The question seemed fair enough:  quot;Can you discuss the differences between coaching in a major-league city like Pittsburgh and a college town like Storrs, Conn.	1
IBM, Intel open up blade server specs Hoping to accelerate the acceptance of blade servers, IBM and Intel on Thursday will lay bare their jointly developed technical specifications for its BladeCenter platform that will allow developers to customize add-on products and solutions.	3
OPEC asks US to tap its reserve OPEC #39;s president said yesterday the United States should tap into its emergency petroleum reserve to help lower oil prices.  quot;We have asked the United States to use their oil reserves 	2
State lets Bay Bridge retrofit bid expire California #39;s top transportation official said today that the state will reject a current bid for rebuilding the eastern span of the Bay Bridge expire and take new bids.	2
Venezuela envoy quits Panama Venezuela withdraws its ambassador from Panama, in an on-going row about a pardon for four Cuban exiles.	0
Virgin takes on iPod Virgin Electronics unveiled on Tuesday a digital audio player with a 5GB hard disk, in a bid to penetrate the market dominated by Apple Computer #39;s iPod.	3
Pfizer stock sinks on Neurontin Judge is expected to decline motion to block a generic version of Pfizer #39;s \$3B epilepsy drug. CHICAGO (Reuters) - Pfizer Inc. shares tumbled Thursday as investors worried a federal judge will refuse the company #39;s 	2
Gill breaks foot in US loss Defenseman Hal Gill is the latest veteran to drop off the Bruins roster after breaking his left foot during the US team's 3-1 World Cup of Hockey exhibition loss to Canada in Ottawa Wednesday night.	1
A New-Age Reference Wikipedia has surprised Web watchers by growing fast and maturing into one of the most popular reference sites.	3
Starbucks Expanding Custom CD Service to 45 Stores Starbucks Corp. SBUX.O on Wednesday said customers will be able to make custom music CDs at 45 of its US coffee shops by later this month, the first step in a plan to expand the service nationwide.	3
Fighting Rages in Najaf After Peace Bid Fails NAJAF, Iraq (Reuters) - Heavy fighting broke out between US troops and Shi #39;ite militiamen in the Iraqi city of Najaf, where Iraq #39;s interim defense minister said he expected a  quot;decisive battle quot; to take place on Wednesday. 	0
Microsoft to enter backup market Analysts speculate that the software giant will focus on the low end of the market, at least initially.	3
Nokia phone adopts handwriting recognition The 7710 model features a touch screen, pen input, a digital camera, an Internet browser, a radio, video playback and streaming and recording capabilities, the company said.	3
Canada Has Biggest Surplus in 3 Years, Pays Down Debt (Update1) Canada recorded aC\$9.1 billion (\$7.9 billion) budget surplus in fiscal 2004, five times the government #39;s forecast, as accelerating economic growth generated a tax windfall for Finance Minister Ralph Goodale.	2
Iraq Says Offensive Vs. Cleric to Start NAJAF, Iraq - An Iraqi Cabinet minister said Thursday that Iraqi forces could begin an offensive against Muqtada al-Sadr within hours, despite the firebrand cleric's acceptance of a peace proposal.    To prevent an imminent attack on his forces, who are holed up in the revered Imam Ali Shrine in Najaf, al-Sadr must immediately disarm his Mahdi Army militia and hand over its weapons to the authorities, Minister of State Qassim Dawoud said...	0
Sri Lanka #39;s Internet down after damage to submarine cable Sri Lanka #39;s main telecommunications provider says an Indian cargo ship snapped an undersea fiber optic cable that is a key Internet link between the tropical island and the rest of the world.	3
Sleep disorders cause concern for overnight shift workers DETROIT - Shift-work sleep disorder - a condition that leaves tens of thousands exhausted, unable to concentrate and struggling to get proper rest - is of concern for workers on the overnight shift.	2
Redskins Trail, 17-14 The Redskins get off to a fast start -- scoring 46 seconds into the game -- but now trail the Eagles, 17-14, in the fourth quarter at FedEx Field.	1
ARON ON COWBOYS: Dallas plays better, but still scraping out wins IRVING, Texas - They never trailed and didn #39;t have any turnovers. They made five sacks and got strong play from a rookie cornerback forced into action when a starter was hurt.	1
McDonald's: CEO Resting After New Surgery  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The chief executive of McDonald's  Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCD.N&lt;/A&gt; is recuperating after another surgery, the  world's largest fast-food company said on Saturday.	2
US, Russia Select Next Crew for Space Station Russia #39;s Federal Space Agency and the US #39;s NASA have approved the crew of the next mission to the international space station, an agency spokesman said Tuesday.	3
Earnhardt wins; championship battle tightens Dale Earnhardt Jr. made up for his big mistake of a week earlier, pulling away from Jeff Gordon Sunday in a pair of overtime laps to win the NASCAR Nextel Cup race at Phoenix International Raceway and tighten the championship chase with two races to go.	1
Fantasy Dozen: RB outlooks in Cleveland and Minnesota Every Sunday, we look at 12 important lessons to be learned from the day #39;s games in the Fantasy Dozen. In Week Six, some receivers had good outings, but not all of them have earned our trust yet.	1
Thailand confirms woman has bird flu, second case in latest &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A woman was confirmed Monday to be suffering from avian flu, the second known human victim of the disease in Thailand since July, but officials said there is no evidence it was the result of human-to-human transmission.	0
Hurricane Throws Curveball to Baseball Schedule  MIAMI (Sports Network) - Hurricane Frances has already  affected Major League Baseball this weekend as five games have  been postponed.	1
Krispy Kreme SEC probe widens Krispy Kreme Doughnuts Inc. said Friday it has been informed by the Securities and Exchange Commission that the agency #39;s investigation of the company has become a formal probe.	2
Minor leaguers to be honored The Red Sox will honor their top minor league players in a ceremony before tonight's game against the Devil Rays. Among those cited will be a player in a Sox uniform -- outfielder Adam Hyzdu, named Triple A Pawtucket's Player of the Year after leading the International League with a .413 on-base percentage.	1
Canadian drug vendor wins deals with 2 states The Canadian pharmacy manager that arranges prescription shipments to Springfield's city employees landed a chunk of new business yesterday, emerging as the sole supplier for a new prescription importation website unveiled by Illinois and Wisconsin.	2
Conway could get \$20 million golden parachute Ousted PeopleSoft CEO will get a severance package of between \$10 million and \$20 million.	3
Ex-general declared victor in Indonesian elections (AFP) AFP - Retired general Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono was confirmed as Indonesia's next leader as final counting from the country's first direct presidential polls gave him a landslide victory over his predecessor.	0
HP grabs defense deal The deal with the Defense Logistics Agency could be worth as much as \$290 million for the computing giant.\	3
San Diego's Incumbent Mayor to Be Sworn In (AP) AP - A state appeals court on Tuesday lifted an order that had stopped San Diego Mayor Dick Murphy from being sworn in for a second term.	0
Afghan rebels threatening to kill UN hostages say talks postponed &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insurgents threatening to kill three UN hostages said Saturday that talks with Afghan and United Nations officials had been postponed for another day.	0
Treasuries Lower in Data Vacuum (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasuries prices were sucked\lower on Monday as speculators took advantage of a vacuum of\economic news to test the bearish side of recent tight trading\ranges.	2
City sees overhaul as precursor to sale, leaving group focused on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; P amp;O staked its immediate future as a ferry operator on the burgeoning freight market yesterday as it blamed the death of the booze cruise for the need to axe one-fifth of its workforce.	2
Crippled Canadian sub reaches Scotland The crippled Canadian submarine HMCS Chicoutimi arrived by tow on Sunday at the British naval base at Faslane, on Scotland #39;s west coast, where investigators were hoping to establish the cause of a fatal fire on board.	0
Iran warns Israel on pre-emptive strikes Iran warned America and Israel last night that it was ready to launch pre-emptive strikes to stop them attacking its nuclear facilities. 	0
Rand eyes 6.10 as dollar wilts The rand remained strong in late morning trade on Monday, having earlier touched 6.10 per dollar for the first time since July 23.	0
Car Bomb Kills at Least Six in Baghdad BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. troops pounded Fallujah with airstrikes and tank fire Sunday, and the Iraqi government appealed to residents to expel "foreign terrorists" to prevent an all-out attack...	0
Iron Ore Prices To Lift 19 For Australian Miners - Abare SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Continued strong steelmaking demand from China is expected to drive an 18.6 lift in iron ore prices for Australian producers into 2005, the government #39;s Australian Bureau of Agricultural  amp; Resource Economics said Monday.	2
Hitachi Drives Consumer Storage New 1.8-inch hard drives may boost battery life in portable devices.	3
UPDATE 3-TXU raises dividend, profit forecast; shares jump TXU Corp. (TXU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday raised by 350 percent the dividend it slashed two years ago, boosted its earnings forecast and increased its 	2
Izenberg: Twins shouldn #39;t be fooled by near miss It #39;s a morality play as old as Ruth, Joe D. and the Mick. Who among the bit players has not come to the moment adrift in an ocean of clichs and platitudes:  quot;They pull their 	1
Microsoft To Appeal Denial of Its FAT Patent The patent office sided with the Public Patent Foundation, which argued that several examples of so-called  quot;prior art quot; were in existence when Microsoft sought to patent FAT.	3
Waving Hello, From a Distance Videoconferencing tools are increasingly making their way not just into the office but into the home, adding a dimension to long-distance visits with relatives and friends.	3
Your regularly scheduled software patch The database maker confirmed on Thursday that it plans to start releasing patches on a specific day each month. The move mimics Microsoft #39;s decision last October to release patches for its software on the second Tuesday of each month. 	3
Crawford Gets Subpoena From Spitzer International insurance services firm Crawford  amp; Co. said Friday that it received a subpoena from the office of New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer requesting information in connection with the office #39;s investigation.	2
UPDATE 1-RESEARCH ALERT-Analysts cut Open Text ratings Analysts cut their ratings and slashed stock targets for Open Text Corp.(OTC.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday, citing concerns that the software maker #39;s warning of weaker-than-forecast quarterly results signal growth 	2
SIX KILLED AS STORM LASHES FRANCE Hurricane-strength winds have lashed Paris and large areas of northern and eastern France, leaving six dead and cutting power to hundreds of thousands of homes.	0
H amp;R Block Touted Unstable Enron Bonds, NASD Says In the weeks before Enron #39;s December 2001 bankruptcy, H amp;R Block Financial Advisors fraudulently peddled the energy company #39;s soon-to-be-worthless bonds to unsuspecting customers, securities regulators alleged Monday.	2
palmOne Announces the Tungsten T5 Its not really much of a surprise at this point, but at least we can now openly talk about the T5 and its specs. The palmOne Tungsten T5 features a Tungsten E-esque design, a brilliant 320x480 display, 256MB RAM, Bluetooth and several software updates.	3
Unfortunate Canadian Whale Speared by Cruise Ship (Reuters) Reuters - It wasn't until the U.S. cruise ship had\pulled into port in Atlantic Canada that those on board made a\gruesome discovery -- the body of a large whale was impaled on\the vessel's bow.	3
Timberwolves 99, Hawks 96 Kevin Garnett scored 26 points to lead the Minnesota Timberwolves to a 99-96 victory over the Atlanta Hawks in an exhibition game Thursday night.	1
Star Wars DVDs break sales record The DVDs of the original Star Wars trilogy break a UK sales record after one day of release.	3
Incentives Attract Jobs to Northern Virginia More than two-thirds of 11,000 new technology jobs to be created in Virginia will be in the Washington suburbs, mostly in Fairfax County, Gov. Mark R. Warner (D) said yesterday.	3
Fannie Mae Salaries Rile Hill During a packed hearing on Fannie Mae #39;s accounting practices last week, Rep. Richard H. Baker (R-La.), a leading critic of the District-based mortgage finance company, displayed a poster 	2
Jury Finds No Fraud in Big Asbestos Case A Texas jury on Friday rejected accusations chemical maker Union Carbide had failed to disclose the dangers of asbestos and awarded no damages to Kelly-Moore Paint Co.	2
MORE ARRESTS IN CHILD PORN CRACKDOWN The Australian Federal Police commissioner, Mick Keelty, says more than 500 Australians could be implicated in a child Internet porn network.	0
Most Bloggers Find Clicks Don't Mean Cash Bloggers at this summer's political conventions brought heightened visibility to blogging, but the money, for most bloggers, is still missing. There's a very tiny percentage of people who are making anywhere close to a living from blogs.	3
 #39;He Believed He Was Everything #39; During most of last Thursday Yasir Arafat wouldn #39;t hear of leaving his West Bank headquarters for medical treatment abroad. Though he #39;d lost consciousness the day before and couldn 	0
AMD Rolls Out Low-Cost Net Access Device in India  BOMBAY (Reuters) - U.S. chip maker Advanced Micro Devices  &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AMD.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AMD.N&lt;/A&gt; has unveiled a low-cost Internet access device that  could cost just a few hundred dollars, aimed at first-time  technology users in the developing world.	3
Tokyo Stocks Open Lower (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks opened lower Thursday following Wall Street's weakness. The dollar was higher against the Japanese yen.	0
Some 150 Foreigners Taken Hostage in Iraq -Two Indonesian women, Rosidah binti Anan and Rafikan binti Aming, and two Lebanese men. Video broadcast Sept. 30 shows them being held at gunpoint by masked men and claims responsibility in the name of the Islamic Army in Iraq.	0
Small Earthquakes Rattle Mount St. Helens (AP) AP - Small earthquakes rattled Mount St. Helens at the rate of one or two a minute Monday, and seismologists were working to determine the significance of some of the most intense seismic activity in nearly 20 years.	3
Santander ready to give up RBS board role SPANISH bank Santander has offered to cut back its ties with Royal Bank of Scotland in an attempt to avoid a competition inquiry into its bid for Abbey.	2
Hoyas Survive Rally Georgetown withstands a second-half rally by Penn State to win, 66-53, in the first of two consecutive games against Big Ten opponents.	1
Hong Kong Democrats in Public Rally Ahead of Polls  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Hong Kong's scandal-rocked  pro-democracy camp joined hands on Sunday to stage a public  rally ahead of crucial legislative elections next weekend, the  biggest test of public mood since district elections in  November.	0
Treasuries Creep Up on Rate Prospects (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Treasury prices rose on Monday in\subdued trading, extending Friday's rally as dealers\anticipated slower official rate hikes in 2005 following slack	2
Patriots Open With Win Mike Vanderjagt misses a 48-yard field goal in the final seconds as defending champion New England holds on for a 27-24 victory over the Indianapolis Colts on Thursday.	1
U.S. Bomb Insurgent Stronghold of Fallujah (AP) AP - U.S. warplanes and artillery units bombed the Sunni insurgent stronghold of Fallujah on Monday, killing at least nine people and wounding 12, hospital officials and witnesses said.	0
Australia #39;s Commonwealth Bank says earnings set to increase SYDNEY: The Commonwealth Bank of Australia said it expects increased earnings in the current financial year even though home lending had eased and margins are being squeezed in an increasingly competitive financial sector.	2
BT tries to enter US market with Infonet purchase BT Group PLC is trying for a third time to crack the US market with the purchase of Infonet Services Corp. for a massive US\$965 million.	2
MAURESMO BATTLES BACK IN GERMANY Newly-crowned world number one Amelie Mauresmo struggled in her second-round clash in Filderstadt on Thursday before progressing to the quarter-finals of the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix.	1
Scientists Skirt Ice, Politics in the Arctic (Reuters) Reuters - The ship crawled\through the fog as if on a slow tour of frozen ruins, trying to\avoid ice chunks of every size and shape off Russia's far\northeastern coast.	3
EU may be without executive over Buttiglione row The incoming head of the European Commission has been trying to end a dispute which threatens to leave the EU without an executive.	0
Ponson fills in blanks in O #39;s 7-0 win Heeding the instructions of his manager, Orioles pitching coach Ray Miller walked the length of the dugout yesterday to find Sidney Ponson.	1
Weapons sales boost Boeing profit US aircraft and defence company Boeing reports a 78 jump in quarterly profits, driven by increased demand for equipment from the armed forces.	2
H amp;M posts improved 3Q profits, sales Europe #39;s largest fashion retailer, Hennes  amp; Mauritz AB, on Thursday posted better than expected third-quarter profits and said sales were up despite lowered prices and competition 	2
Paris showcase for Apple's vision Apple has been showing off in Paris what we can expect from the company in the coming months.	0
Mild Seven Renault F1 Team Preview, Brazilian Grand Prix The official Mild Seven Renault F1 Team preview of the Brazilian GP, round 18 of the 2004 F1 season.	1
8 terror suspects, including alleged al-Qaida figure, charged in Britain LONDON (AP) - Eight suspects, including a man identified in the United States as a senior al-Qaida figure, appeared in court under heavy guard Wednesday as police investigated an alleged plot to commit murder and cause mayhem with chemicals, radioactive ...	0
N.B. residents block off highway to protest cuts to local health care (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - SAINT-QUENTIN, N.B. (CP) - A major highway in northern New Brunswick  remained closed to almost all traffic Monday, as local residents protested planned health care cuts.	0
Howard opens election campaign Australia #39;s ruling conservative coalition has promised to maintain its commitment to the war on terror. At the party #39;s official campaign launch in Brisbane, the Prime Minister, John Howard, said 	0
Latest R Kelly whistle-blower charged with extortion A Chicago man who threatened to go public with videotapes he claimed featured the troubled soul star R Kelly having sex with a professional athlete #39;s wife has been charged with extortion.	1
Blood moon to make its mark tonight during lunar eclipse Just four days before Halloween, the full moon will disappear from the sky tonight, likely leaving a bloody facsimile behind. Dont be alarmed; its just another lunar eclipse, the third visible in North America in the past two years.	3
Brown pushes tsunami debt relief The chancellor presses the G8 to freeze all debts owed by countries hit by the Asian tsunami disaster, the BBC learns.	2
Poor Salvadorans chase 'Iraqi dream' SAN SALVADOR -- Juan Nerio, a 44-year-old mason's assistant, was sick of living in a mud hut on the side of a volcano. When he heard that an American company was offering six times his \$200 monthly wage, he signed up. Six weeks later he found himself holding an AK-47 assault rifle and guarding a US diplomatic complex in Iraq.	0
Union, Agents Clash The NFLPA may discipline at least one of the agents involved in a string of high-profile contract controversies that occurred recently.	1
Forex: Dollar Falls After Fed Rate Hike  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar extended its losses on  Tuesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as  expected but signaled that both inflation and inflation  expectations were easing.	2
Dinosaur long-necked for a reason: experts Fossilised remains found in southern China may hold the answer to a question that has long stumped palaeontologists: Just what is the purpose of the long neck on a group of predatory reptiles that roamed the earth millions of years ago?	3
Washington Post Managing Editor Resigns Steve Coll, The Washington Post #39;s managing editor since 1998, is stepping down to focus on writing books, the paper reported Wednesday.	2
Terror Charges In Van Gogh Slay An alleged Islamic radical accused of killing Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh will be tried on terrorism charges, prosecutors said Friday.	0
Conspiracy Theories Persist on Arafat's Death The rapid decline of the 75-year-old Palestinian leader's health, the refusal of his wife and authorities at the French military hospital where he died last Thursday to release his medical records and Israel's threat a year ago to "remove" him have spawned a cottage industry of speculation among Palestinians.	0
Ireland Cracks Down on Net Scams Ireland is taking  quot;extraordinary quot; measures to protect Internet users from rogue auto-dialer programs that hijack their modems and run up long-distance phone charges, the country #39;s telecom regulator says.	3
Jaguar workers urged to fight closure Jaguar car factory workers will be urged to fight the closure of the plant with a campaign which includes the threat of strike action.	2
Brazil Makes Arrests After Kroll Raids Police raided the Brazilian offices of international security consultant Kroll Inc. and arrested five employees Wednesday in an investigation into allegations of illegal spying by Kroll during the company's probe of a nasty corporate dispute.	0
Lawyer in Philly corruption probe dies PHILADELPHIA -- A lawyer who was a central figure in an ongoing FBI investigation into city corruption died Thursday after a hospitalization of several days, his attorney said.	2
Future Windows component could spur old-school viruses BOSTON - A planned component for Microsoft Corp.'s next version of Windows is causing consternation among antivirus experts, who say that the new module, a scripting platform called Microsoft Shell, could give birth to a whole new generation of viruses and remotely exploitable attacks.	3
Apple adds single-processor Power Mac G5 1.8GHz (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple on Tuesday added a 1.8GHz single-processor Power Mac G5 desktop computer to its arsenal. The US #36;1,499 system is offered alongside dual-processor computers running at 1.8GHz, 2.0GHz and 2.5GHz.	3
IE Gets Spanked By Firefox Microsoft continues to take its browser dominance for granted, and it #39;s starting to get spanked as a result. The market share of Internet Explorer has been slipping since June, and the latest figures show that the decline continues.	3
Copernic desktop search takes aim at Microsoft The privately held company today released free desktop search software in a move some see as a test of the product's market viability in what is becoming a crowded field.	3
Mississippi State Extends Croom Contract  STARKVILLE, Miss. (Sports Network) - Mississippi State has  extended the contract of head football coach Sylvester Croom,  keeping him with the university through the 2008 season.	1
Powell calls for regulatory rein on VoIP The US Federal Communications Commission must assert its regulatory authority over voice over IP as a matter of priority, FCC chairman Michael Powell said in an address at the VON Fall 2004 conference and exposition.	3
Airport layovers reportedly lengthen Study performed for USA Today finds longer waits at major hubs, as troubled airlines cut costs. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Passengers of the nation #39;s largest airlines are experiencing longer layovers when making 	2
Wilkinson convincing as man to  #39;bind side together #39; Goal-kicker, tackler, distributor, organiser, role-model, conscience, keeper of the flame - Jonny Wilkinson is a man of many parts, all of them fundamental to the immediate well-being of the 	1
Phelps Apologizes After DUI Arrest SALISBURY, Md. -- Olympic gold-medalist Michael Phelps has apologized after his arrest for driving under the influence. He was arrested after a state trooper saw an SUV allegedly driven by the 19-year-old 	1
Inzamam admits blunder PAKISTAN captain Inzamam-ul-Haq admitted he had made a mistake in choosing to bowl first at the Rose Bowl as the West Indies inflicted a seven-wicket defeat in their Champions Trophy semi-final.	1
Finnish Students Rank #1 in the World Which country has the smartest students in the world? According to a study conducted by the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development, pupils in Finland tested higher than those in any other country.	0
Source: Brewers Accept Purchase Offer The Milwaukee Brewers have agreed to accept an offer from Los Angeles investor Mark L. Attanasio to buy the team from the family of baseball commissioner Bud Selig.	1
SAP, HP team on hosted ERP offering German software giant SAP AG is teaming with Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) to offer midmarket companies in the U.S. a hosted software offering that includes applications, maintenance, services, and support for a monthly fee.	3
Israeli Troops Kill 3 Palestinian Militants-Sources (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli soldiers shot dead\three Palestinian militants near the West Bank city of Nablus\on Thursday, Palestinian security sources said.	0
Oracle Buys PeopleSoft for \$10.3 Billion PeopleSoft Inc. on Monday agreed to a sweetened \$10.3 billion buyout by rival software maker Oracle Corp., relenting after a 18-month takeover saga that included the ouster of PeopleSoft #39;s chief executive.	2
Eisner defends \$140 million pay for fired Ovitz ORLANDO, Fla. - Michael Eisner #39;s fighting back. The embattled Disney boss is gearing up to defend his hiring and firing of former Hollywood superagent Michael Ovitz as Disney #39;s No.	2
CORRECTED: Bristol-Myers Profit Sinks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BMY.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BMY.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Friday reported a lower third-quarter profit as U.S. revenue  fell amid intense competition for its products from rivals and  generic drugs.	2
ECU professors: Arafat #39;s death unlikely to bring major change While Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat lingers in a coma, the world contemplates what his death will mean to the Middle East #39;s future.	0
CFHT Unveils Stunning Image of the Cosmos CFHT -- Twenty-five years ago, on September 28, 1979, the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope (CFHT) was inaugurated on top of Mauna-Kea, a 4,200-meter high dormant volcano on the island of Hawaii.     From the photographic emulsion of the first light to today's 340 Mega-Pixel digital camera, CHFT's instruments are cutting edge; its camera is the largest ever built in operation on a telescope...	3
UPDATE 6-Coventry Health to buy First Health for \$1.8 bln Coventry Health Care Inc. (CVH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday agreed to buy rival health plan First Health Group Corp. (FHCC.	2
Wagner Suspended After Being Ejected (AP) AP - Philadelphia Phillies closer Billy Wagner was suspended for two games Friday by major league baseball and fined an undisclosed amount after he was ejected against the New York Mets last weekend.	1
Campaign Ads Stay Off-Line, on Air With the presidential election just a few weeks away, pressure is mounting on both camps to effectively use the Internet to help woo voters -- but the ad money isn't flowing online. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
Danish government agency opts for open source The country's Ministry of Finance chooses JBoss on Linux over Microsoft's BizTalk to run a key system.	3
UPDATE 4-UK #39;s ARM buys Artisan for \$913 mln, shares fall British semiconductor designer ARM Holdings Plc (ARM.L: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to buy US chip components firm Artisan (ARTI.	2
Swiss-based Phonak cycling team appeals UCI licence refusal The Swiss-based Phonak team said Wednesday it is contesting the International Cycling Union #39;s decision to refuse it a racing licence amid a doping scandal.	1
Microsoft Adds More Intelligence To SQL Server Microsoft has added new business intelligence (BI) capabilities to SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server 2005; according to an announcement today at the 2004 Professional Association for SQL Server community summit in Orlando, USA.	3
Dollar dips against euro as G20 offers no reprieve NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 22: The dollar slipped against the euro on Monday in thin trading after a weekend meeting of the Group of 20 finance ministers and central bankers in Berlin offered no concrete measures to stem the dollar #39;s decline.	2
Karzais victory shows Afghan ethnic divide Hamid Karzai is about to win in Afghanistan #39;s first direct presidential election, but the returns show that dangerous ethnic divides could become a major problem if he wins.	0
India #39;s role vital to resolve Maoist problem: US envoy Kathmandu: India has a very important role to play in finding a long-term solution to the Maoist problem in Nepal, which has claimed over 10,000 lives since 1996, US Ambassador to Nepal James F. Moriarty has said.	0
Fed seen pushing rates up The Federal Reserve is expected to nudge interest rates up for a fourth time this year today, acting on the belief the economy has finally emerged from an extended  quot;soft patch. quot;	2
Peeping Tom filter lets phones see through bikinis A developer in Tokyo has created an add-on to Vodafone handsets that #39;s meant to be used as a night filter to let people take pictures with their phones in the dark.	3
Bills' patience paying off The savior? The Buffalo Bills have always thought so. Bills general manager and president Tom Donahoe believed if the organization was patient in waiting for Willis McGahee's rebuilt knee to respond, he would be a huge success.	1
False report of Swedish king's assassination on faked BBC website (AFP) AFP - Hoaxers imitated the BBC news website on the Internet, including a fake announcement that King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden had been assassinated in Athens while attending the Olympic Games, according to reports.	0
US, Allies Drawing Up Plans to Aid Palestinians The Bush administration is preparing with European allies to help the Palestinian Authority organize January elections and improve its security forces to crack down on 	0
US Says Kills 60 Foreign Fighters in Iraq Strike US forces launched fresh attacks in and near the restive Iraqi city of Falluja overnight, killing about 60 foreign fighters, the US military said on Friday.	0
Haiti Flood Death Toll Passes 700  GONAIVES, Haiti (Reuters) - Survivors of devastating  flooding in Haiti wandered mud-clogged streets in search of  food on Tuesday as officials said more than 700 people had been  killed and at least 1,000 were missing.	0
Tonight on TV Toledo (8-3) vs. Miami (ohio) When, where: Tonight, 7:30, at Ford Field, Detroit. TV: ESPN.	1
Dollar Vulnerable, Stocks Rise Overseas  LONDON (Reuters) - The euro was near two-month highs  against the dollar Friday as key U.S. data loomed and as  traders awaited a Group of Seven meeting of finance ministers,  while oil-fired inflation fears lifted gold close.	2
Depleted defense did its part He plucked the errant pass out of the air and took it to a place he had never gone before. He was so overcome with emotion that he taunted an opponent just before the goal 	1
Insurance Executives Fired in Bid Probe  NEW YORK, Nov. 4 -- Companies caught up in New York state Attorney General Eliot L. Spitzer's investigation into rigged bids and kickbacks in the insurance industry began firing and suspending executives charged with or suspected of involvement in the alleged wrongdoing.	2
Arafat #39;s willing executioners Sometimes, when we think we #39;re changing 4 quarters for a dollar, we actually get short-changed. This is the case with the death of Yasser Arafat.	0
UK aims to be major space player Science minister Lord Sainsbury says the UK will remain key to the Aurora programme and will head back to Mars.	3
On-Demand Apps Break Enterprise Barriers (TechWeb) TechWeb - Now with easy customization and process integration, will utility apps dominate?	3
China supports Russia #39;s WTO bid China and Russia yesterday completed talks concerning the latter #39;s proposed accession to the World Trade Organization (WTO). They also mutually recognized the market economy status of each.	2
Martin #39;s legs carry Jets They #39;ll remember Chad Pennington for that renegade scramble into harm #39;s way, risking that suspect shoulder on a torrid third-down tear deep into Texans #39; territory.	1
Ailing US chief justice to miss work again: report (AFP) AFP - US Chief Justice William Rehnquist, who has been diagnosed with thyroid cancer, will again miss work when the Supreme Court reconvenes Monday, according to a report.	0
Australian stocks: Stocks close lower on banks, insurers SYDNEY- Australian shares fell 0.3 per cent on Monday, led down by insurer Axa Asia Pacific after it ended buyout talks with its French parent and by a weaker banking sector on concerns over higher interest rates.	2
For Merck, a Painful Withdrawal Even as Merck was deciding to withdraw the drug, there were medical experts arguing that it should not.	2
Burma List 'shames' UK companies Rolls-Royce and Lloyd's of London are among the 39 UK companies which have been added to the Burma Campaign's annual 'Dirty List'.	2
Sports: Angels 5 Rangers 3 ARLINGTON, Texas The Anaheim Angels continued their chase for the American League West division crown with a 5-to-3 win over the Texas Rangers.	1
Sandisk Doubles Capacity Of Small Form Factor Memory Cards SanDisk Corp. has doubled the maximum capacities of its SanDisk miniSD and SanDisk RS-MMC memory cards to 512 megabytes. The popular cards are used in a variety of electronic 	3
Phone Giants Set Sights on Mobile TV  quot;The ability to watch TV-like content on a mobile phone is a natural next step of the advanced mobile multimedia services which are increasingly popular with consumer, quot; says Mats Lindoff, chief technology officer at Sony Ericsson.	3
HD DVD in Toshiba laptops next year Toshiba announced plans to include an HD DVD-enabled DVD player in its laptops starting in December next year. The new drives will be limited to the high-end  quot;Qosmio quot; brand, and will sell for around 200,000-300,000 yen (US\$1,845-\$2,770).	3
Turnaround propels Eagles Boston College had been given an early quarterfinal boot from the Big East tournament by the University of Connecticut three weeks ago, but thanks to sophomore back Sam Brill, whose family lives about a mile and a half from BC's home soccer field, it was the Eagles who prevailed by the same score of 1-0 yesterday afternoon in the second ...	1
Canada, the Polite Country Prime Minister Paul Martin swore on live television yesterday, apparently frustrated with the progress of a meeting with the provincial ministers over the future of Canada's straining health care system.    During a break in the proceedings, Martin's aunt telephoned him and threatened to   wash his mouth out with soap for using the Lord's name in vain.    When the meeting resumed, Martin apologized to the nation.	3
PalmSource to unveil smart phone OS An operating system for smart phones might make up for a rough quarter and Microsoft nipping at its heels.	3
Salt Lake Taps Ellinger Laurel native and Freddy Adu mentor John Ellinger  becomes the first coach of the MLS expansion team in Salt Lake City.	1
Lawmakers Eye Pediatric Drug Rule Change  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The discovery that antidepressants  may increase suicidal tendencies in children  has prompted some  lawmakers and physicians to ask if changes are needed to  financial incentives given to drug makers for pediatric  research.	2
Sears fires chief TORONTO -- Sears Canada Inc. has dismissed Mark Cohen as chair and chief executive, citing  quot;strategic differences quot; between him and the board of directors.	2
OPEC Seeks to Quell Doubts Over Oil Cut  CAIRO (Reuters) - OPEC oil producers on Saturday said they  had already moved to enforce a deal to rein in excess supply, a  day after doubts over the group's resolve to cut sent prices  into a tailspin.  Oil prices fell 4 percent on Friday to the  lowest level since July despite the cartel's agreement to wipe  out one million barrels per day (bpd) of excess supply from  January 1.	2
Citigroup to Acquire First American Bank  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Citigroup Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=C.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;C.N&lt;/A&gt; the world's  largest financial services company, said on Tuesday it will  acquire First American Bank in the quickly-growing Texas  market.	2
Bomber  #39;Asked Wife #39;s Permission to Die A Martyr #39; Indonesian police have identified the suspected suicide bomber who attacked the Australian Embassy, and said the 30-year-old had written a letter to his wife asking permission to die a martyr.	0
ConocoPhillips eyes \$2B stake in LUKOIL Reuters reported Thursday that Russian officials confirmed that Houston-based oil giant ConocoPhillips is interested in taking a \$2 billion stake in Russian oil major LUKOIL.	2
Crude oil nears \$50 a barrel Oil prices continue to climb, with a record of \$48.98 reported overnight for US light crude. While prices have fallen back to \$48.56 a barrel, with Brent crude oil at \$44.43, crude seems destined to climb to \$50 a barrel for the first time. 	0
Sony Moves to MP3 In a strategic move, electronics giant Sony has announced that some of its new music player models will now feature direct support for MP3 audio files.	3
Set mercury limits in concrete Four years ago, a federal court ordered the Environmental Protection Agency to set limits on the release of mercury and other harmful emissions from cement factories.	3
My Goal, Claims Shearer Alan Shearer tonight claimed Newcastles first goal in the 2-1 win over Southampton at St Marys even though it had been credited as a David Prutton own goal.	1
Scanning In Your Memories? Go to the Source Scanners can convert slides and negatives to digital files which can then be cropped, color-corrected and e-mailed to friends. Which model is right for you?	3
Peru Arrests Siege Leader, to Attack Police Post  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peruvian authorities have detained a  former army major who led a three-day uprising in a southern  Peruvian town and are preparing to storm the police station he  took over with 200 supporters, a government source told Reuters  early on Tuesday.	0
Scientists Praise New Cholesterol Test By EMMA ROSS    MUNICH, Germany (AP) -- A simple test that scrutinizes bad cholesterol more closely may more reliably predict who is going to have a heart attack, new research indicates.    The current test measures total cholesterol and the breakdown of good HDL and bad LDL cholesterol...	3
Uncertainty still reigns at Delta ATLANTA - Delta Air Lines Inc. has a tentative deal on pilot concessions and much-needed breathing room, but uncertainty about the carrier #39;s debt restructuring remains.	2
GOP Delegates to See One Version of NYC (AP) AP - Among the cultural attractions recommended by city tourism officials for Republican National Convention delegates are the popular Museum of Modern Art, the iconic Guggenheim museum and the stately Whitney.	0
Canas thrashes Burgsmuller to win Shanghai Open Argentine Guillermo Canas crushed Germany #39;s Lars Burgsmuller 6-1 6-0 to win the Shanghai Open on Sunday. Canas broke his opponent #39;s serve in the third game of the first set and 	1
Record Oil Prices Weigh on Asian Shares  SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices hit record highs on  Thursday, fueling gains in some energy stocks, but fears that  high power costs will dent household incomes, raise firms'  expenses and hurt global growth weighed on Asian share markets.	2
Oil Prices Drive Concerns for Airlines  LONDON (Reuters) - European airlines hoping for a 2005  industry recovery face new hurdles as record high oil prices  threaten to drive up costs and fuel surcharges for passengers,  officials said.	2
Venezuelan Car-Bomb Suspect Killed, Weapons Found  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - A Venezuelan lawyer  suspected in last week's bombing murder of a top state  prosecutor was killed in a gunfight with police on Tuesday  after he tried to ram detectives with his car and opened fire  on them, officials said.	0
Bosnian Serbs issue apology for massacre BANJA LUKA, Bosnia-Herzegovina -- The Bosnian Serb government issued an apology yesterday for the 1995 massacre of 7,800 Muslim civilians in Srebrenica, saying it ''shares the pain quot; of the victims' families.	0
US rate rise and dim growth outlook to hit confidence AMERICAN consumers will be hit by another quarter-point rise in interest rates on Tuesday, threatening to dent their confidence only six weeks before the presidential elections.	2
PM wouldn #39;t like to see rising dollar PRIME Minister John Howard hopes the Australian dollar does not keep on rising because it would make us less competitive. Mr Howard said although he wouldn #39;t say Australia was heading for tough times, there 	0
Super Saturday Britain finally struck gold at the Athens Games. Germany lost two golds but won one more in equestrian. Swimming events concluded and track and field heated up on day eight.	1
Schumi still looking ahead, not back Michael Schumacher has never cared much about statistics and numbers, but he wouldn #39;t mind if all the right numbers came together during this weekend #39;s Belgian Grand Prix.	1
Yukos Files in US for Bankruptcy Under Chapter 11 (Update1) OAO Yukos Oil Co., Russia #39;s second- largest oil producer, said it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the US and asked for an emergency court hearing to stop the sale of its main unit in four days.	2
Ex-Troops Fill Haiti's Security Vacuum Nation remains volatile eight months after Aristide's departure.	0
Forsberg scores in Swedish league return Ten years later, Peter Forsberg was back in the Swedish Elite League as his hometown team Modo tied Brynas 3-3 on the road in their opener Tuesday.	1
Knicks Make a So-So Climb Into First Place The Atlantic Division may be mediocre, but the Knicks can claim a modest achievement early in their season - they are in first place.	1
As American as Cowboy Boots? The European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company is using patriotic imagery in its new marketing campaign to gain a toehold inside the Pentagon.	2
India makes elephants appeal Indian asks Bangladesh to spare the lives of around 100 elephants which have strayed across the border.	0
Cal's Arrington in the zone BERKELEY, Calif. -- J.J. Arrington ran for 177 yards and three touchdowns, and Aaron Rodgers completed 20 of 26 passes for 260 yards and two scores in No. 12 California's 41-14 victory over New Mexico State last night.	1
Death toll in Indonesian Sulawesi bombing rises to six (AFP) AFP - The death toll from a bombing in the Indonesian province of Central Sulawesi has risen to six, a hospital worker said.	0
To better compete with Netflix, Blockbuster is dropping its late &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The movie-rental company said Tuesday it will drop late fees for games and movies starting Jan. 1 - a positive move as seen by customers at the Blockbuster on Westheimer in Montrose.	2
USDA Expands Healthy Lunch Program By ALLISON SCHLESINGER    PITTSBURGH (AP) -- An expansion of a federal pilot program that provides schools with funding for fruits and vegetables might help students get as enthusiastic about brussels sprouts and broccoli as they are about pizza and ice cream, a U.S. Agriculture Department official said on Thursday...	3
Militant groups back end of chaos Palestinian militant groups Thursday expressed support for disarming independent militias operating in the Palestinian territories.	0
Save the Trees, Save the Apes, Expert Says A UN meeting on endangered species could help secure the survival one of humanity #39;s closest living relatives, the orangutan, by saving its forest home from loggers, a leading expert said on Tuesday.	3
AT amp;T posts \$7.1 billion loss Wired  amp; Wireless continues its reign at the top spot among IT priorities due to widespread IP telephony and wireless deployment.	2
BC's bowl picture out of focus Where to now? That was the question everyone at Boston College was asking yesterday after the 17th-ranked Eagles laid a colossal egg in Saturday's devastating 43-17 loss against Syracuse. It cost BC the Big East title outright, a berth in the Bowl Championship Series, and a likely New Year's Day bid to the Fiesta Bowl.	1
Stocks Rise on Drop in Consumer Prices NEW YORK - Stocks rose for a second straight session Tuesday as a drop in consumer prices and a decline in crude oil futures Tuesday allowed investors to put aside worries about inflation, at least for the short term. The Dow Jones industrial average pushed past the 10,000 mark for the first time in nearly two weeks...	0
Murdoch #39;s News Corp. to Join S amp;P 500 News Corp. (NWS.AX: Quote, Profile, Research) (NWS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the media company built by Rupert Murdoch, will join the Standard  amp; Poor #39;s 500 stock index after the close of trading on Dec. 17, S amp;P said on Tuesday.	2
Michael Reiziger out with shoulder injury MIDDLESBROUGH, Aug 24 (SW) - Michael Reiziger will be sidelined for the coming six to eight weeks. The player dislocated his shoulder a few weeks ago and is unable to play on.	1
ROSSI CLOSES IN ON WORLD TITLE Valentino Rossi moved a step nearer his fourth world championship title with a dominant victory in the Portuguese Grand Prix at Estoril today.	1
Russia Air Crash Flight Recorders May Not Help  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Investigators examined flight recorders  Thursday from Russia's mystery double air crash in which 89  people died, but one official doubted they would be of any use.	0
French head warns Turkey on EU French President Jacques Chirac says Turkey can join the EU as a member if it meets entry requirements.	0
AUSTRALIA: CCA could sell underperforming units Coca-Cola Amatil, the leading Australian soft drinks group, is looking for an improvement from its South Korean and Indonesian units and may exit those businesses if one is not forthcoming.	2
Rutan meets his rocket heroes Private spaceflight pioneer Burt Rutan meets his heroes - remaining members of Wernher von Braun's rocket team.	3
Pfizer #39;s Earnings Rise on Lower Costs, Lipitor Sales (Update1) Pfizer Inc., the world #39;s largest drugmaker, said third-quarter earnings jumped 49 percent after merger-related expenses fell and sales of the cholesterol treatment Lipitor rose.	2
Logitech launches laser-tracking mouse SAN FRANCISCO - Logitech Inc. was set Wednesday to introduce a new mouse that uses a laser beam to track the movements of the device. The mouse, which Logitech claims will be the first such laser-tracking device, provides end users with better click-and-point capabilities than traditional LED- (light-emitting diode) based optical mice, according to company officials.	3
EU calls for fresh start in transatlantic trade relations New European Union (EU) Trade Commissioner Peter Mandelson called on Tuesday for a fresh start in EU-US trade relations, which had been through a difficult path in the last few years.	2
Martinez, Boston Cruise Pedro Martinez keeps the Cardinals down over seven innings as the Red Sox win, 4-1, in Game 4 to take a 3-0 lead in the World Series.	1
US stock futures flat ahead of data US stock futures pointed to a flat market open on Friday, pausing after the previous day #39;s big rally, as Wall Street awaits key economic data, though gains by computer maker Dell Inc.	2
Peru Gunmen Seize Police Station The leader of a nationalist group that seized a remote police station, taking 10 police officers hostage, and later allegedly ambushed a police vehicle, killing four other officers, agreed Sunday to publicly lay down his weapons.	0
Fatah threatens to revoke Barghouti #39;s membership The Palestinians #39; ruling Fatah party threatened Monday to strip Marwan Barghouti of his membership if the jailed candidate continues his bid for the Palestinian presidency.	0
Plane turns back after hitting bird (AFP) AFP - A British tourist flight travelling to Paris turned back shortly after take-off when the plane struck a bird.	0
Saturian Titian Flyby But Hours Away The Cassini spacecraft is but hours away from a second flyby of the Saturian moon Titan set for Monday , December 13 with the closest approach image data arriving at about 8 PM.	3
Saturn #39;s moon Titan holds mysteries despite close Cassini flyby PASADENA, Calif. Scientists don #39;t know what to make of new close-up images of Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan. Pictures taken by the European-US Cassini spacecraft show distinct dark and bright areas -- but scientists 	3
Bethesda Magazine  Aims to Market  'The Good Life' The success of a start-up magazine rests on many factors, not the least of which is a catchy name.	2
IBM Sale Reflects Unease in Personal Computer Sector  quot;Every PC maker has to deal with this, one way or another, quot; International Data Corp. analyst Roger Kay said. The problem is that it #39;s difficult to make money on PCs today, given how cutthroat competition has driven down prices.	2
Iraq Beheadings: Medium Becomes Message (AP) AP - For centuries, it has been one of humanity's most graphic, gruesome ways to end a life: sever the head, home to thoughts, dreams and that most personal of features  #151; the face. Decapitation by hand, with sword or knife, smacks of ugly yesterdays  #151; things the West prefers to think it has left behind.	0
Government Source Code Review Program Expanded to Office Microsoft on Sunday expanded its controversial Government Security Program to allow governments that Microsoft trusts to review the source code of Microsoft Office.	3
No miscarriage of justice in Colombia: Harney The Tnaiste, Mary Harney, has said she has no reason to believe that a miscarriage of justice was involved in the case of the three Irishmen in Colombia given lengthy jail sentences for training left wing guerrillas.	0
Philippines to weather high oil prices, volatile peso, but not &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MANILA : Economic growth prospects in the Philippines this year remain on track despite rising oil prices and a volatile peso as long as the government fixes its fiscal woes, President Gloria Arroyo has said.	2
UN Official Suggests More Autonomy for Darfur The chief of the United Nations refugee agency says the Sudanese government should grant more autonomy to Darfur to help end a conflict that has claimed some 50,000 lives.	0
Quinn may leave hospital tomorrow The pregnant former lover of David Blunkett who has been receiving treatment for stress-related complications may be released from hospital tomorrow, according to her husband.	0
Sexual Content on TV Spurs Teens Into Action By Amanda Gardner, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- Teenagers who view sexual content on television, even if it only involves characters talking about sex, are twice as likely to start having intercourse in the ensuing year compared with peers who do not watch such content.    Sexual content on TV was also more likely to hasten adolescents' movement from one "base" to another, in other words, from kissing to breast fondling to genital touching and on to oral sex, new research found...	3
Can you say 'offshore' anymore? Politically charged phrase disappearing as firms cook up new terms to describe sending work to cheaper labor markets.	3
Avery Johnson retires as player to focus on coaching (AFP) AFP - - Avery Johnson, signed as a player-coach less than a month ago by the Dallas Mavericks, retired from the players ranks to focus on his duties as an assistant coach to Don Nelson.	1
Cardinals take 2-0 NLCS lead ST. LOUIS - Rain or shine, the St. Louis Cardinals #39; big bats always seem to come through in the end. Albert Pujols led off the eighth inning with a tiebreaking home run, Scott Rolen followed with his second 	1
US adds more jobs than expected The US economy added 337,000 now jobs in October, a seven-month high and much higher than Wall Street expectations.	2
Fund group to pay \$5m fine The company that runs the Franklin Templeton mutual funds yesterday admitted that it allowed an investor to market-time its funds in exchange for putting \$10 	2
U.S. Continue to Dominate Without Injured Phelps  INDIANAPOLIS (Reuters) - The U.S. team continued to  dominate the world short course championships Friday, claiming  five gold medals without the help of Michael Phelps after he  was forced out of the meeting with an injured back.	1
New Yorkers in Congress Expect a Budget Fight Members of New York's heavily Democratic delegation on Capitol Hill worry they will be shoved aside when Congress returns to confront issues that impact the city and state.	0
Smelly Robot Eats Flies to Generate Its Own Power (Reuters) Reuters - British scientists are developing a\robot that will generate its own power by eating flies.	3
Lord James Hanson, prominent British businessman, dies at 82 Lord James Hanson, a wealthy industrialist whose business prospered by acquiring poorly run, low-tech companies and turning them into money makers, died Monday after a long battle with cancer, his spokesman said.	2
Carney #39;s 5 field goals give Saints OT Win Something about the St. Louis Rams always seems to bring out the best in the New Orleans Saints. It proved true again Sunday as John Carney kicked the last of his 5 field goals in overtime to defeat the Rams 28-25.	1
Will Howard Stern deal turn satellite into a star? com October 7, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. Potty talk could be just what the fledgling satellite radio industry needs to become a viable, mainstream business, industry analysts said Wednesday 	2
Pentagon rebuffs troop criticism The Pentagon tries to deflect charges that there were not enough troops on the ground at the time of the Iraq invasion.	0
30 killed, 120 hurt in Egypt resort bombings At least 30 people were killed and 120 wounded when car bombs exploded at resorts packed with Israeli holidaymakers on the Red Sea coast of Egypt #39;s Sinai desert in attacks claimed by a group saying it belongs to Al-Qaeda.	0
New Issue - Fannie Mae sells \$10.5 billion in bills Fannie Mae (FNM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 1 US home funding company, said on Wednesday it sold \$8 billion of three-month benchmark bills due Dec. 22, 2004 	2
High court to hear wine case Juanita Swedenburg first planted grapes 24 years ago to help pay the taxes on her 130-acre Valley View Farm near Middleburg in the heart of Virginia #39;s hunt country.	2
PeopleSoft sweetens severance packages In a move to retain employees, PeopleSoft quadruples the size of the minimum severance package for employees.	3
Retailers simplify the rebate process Rebates are getting easier. Instead of making it as difficult as possible for a consumer to claim a rebate, some retailers are simplifying the process, figuring fewer hassles along the way will build customer loyalty and raise sales.	2
Harvard cardiologist a key player in Guidant deal Beverly H. Lorell took a leave from her academic job last year to become chief medical and technology officer for Guidant Corp. The post puts her at the center 	2
Briefly: Siebel moves toward self-repairing software roundup Plus: Monster says it could enter Japan by mid-2005...Novell to release Open Enterprise Server...Blizzard wins online game suit...CA adds utility-like mainframe pricing, expects.	3
TD Buys U.S. Retail Bank, Ups Dividend (Reuters) Reuters - Toronto Dominion Bank (TD.TO), Canada's\second-biggest by assets, said on Thursday it would acquire a\majority stake of U.S.-based Banknorth Group Inc. (BNK.N),\while also boosting its dividend and reporting a 17-percent\rise in profits.	2
French Court Jails 10 for Al-Qaeda-Linked Plot in Strasbourg A Paris court gave 10 suspected Islamic terrorists jail terms of up to 10 years for a plot to bomb Strasbourg #39;s cathedral and the city #39;s Christmas market in December 2000, a clerk of the court said.	0
Britain to set free foreign terror suspect The British government is to release a foreign national held without charge or trial under the anti-terrorism laws introduced in the wave of the Sept.	0
Micropower 'could fuel UK homes' Household-scale renewable energy schemes could provide power for many British familes, conservationists say.	3
MSBlast suspect pleads guilty The 19-year-old faces up to 37 months in prison after admitting to creating the "MSBlast.B" variant.	3
Spitzer forces Glaxo to publish drug trials GlaxoSmithKline yesterday said it would publish all details of its clinical drug trials after being accused of concealing information that its leading antidepressant could be harmful to children.	2
Air India trial witness said motivated by revenge (Reuters) Reuters - A desire for revenge motivated a prosecution witness to tell the Air India bombing trial he had been asked to carry an mysterious suitcase on to an airliner, defense lawyers charged on Wednesday.	0
UK hostage's 'release sabotaged' The brother of Ken Bigley, the British hostage held in Iraq, says the US has "sabotaged" his possible release.	0
Senate Panel OKs Bill to Expand DNA Tests (AP) AP - The Senate Judiciary Committee on Tuesday passed a five-year,  #36;1 billion bill that would provide greater access to DNA testing in rape cases and for convicted felons who claim innocence.	0
Firefox heats up roundup Mozilla aims for 1 million downloads of its open-source browser in the next 10 days. Also: Common ground for Linux backers.\	3
Ringing true Some players don #39;t attend the private ceremony, called a  quot;joke quot; by an angry Tim Taylor. By TOM JONES, Times Staff Writer.	1
Local media turn on Ganguly INDIAN captain Sourav Ganguly has had his integrity questioned in an unsavoury aftermath to the series loss to Australia. Ganguly has worn continual allegations that his withdrawal 	1
Pitcher Leiter Headed Back to South Florida  MIAMI (Sports Network) - The Florida Marlins have signed  pitcher Al Leiter to a one-year contract, one day after the New  York Mets decided not to offer the lefthander arbitration.	1
EU wants to make Internet safe for children The European Union has launched a 45 million euro (\$60 million) plan to protect children from pornography and racist sites when they surf the Internet.	3
Iraq losing its best and brightest Targeted attacks and a sluggish economy are pushing academics, Christians, and businessmen to move abroad.	0
Microsoft scales back Passport ambitions Microsoft's decision to reposition its .Net Passport identification system comes as Monster is dropping support for the authentication service.	3
U.S. Stocks Climb as Oracle Deal Lifts  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Monday after  software maker PeopleSoft Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PSFT.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; accepted rival Oracle  Corp.'s &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ORCL.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ORCL.O&lt;/A&gt; buyout offer and data showed  better-than-expected November retail sales, signaling an uptick  in consumer spending.	2
Miller wins long-chased World Cup downhill title Bode Miller of the United States clinched his first World Cup downhill title in six years in Lake Louise, Alberta of Canada on Saturday.	1
Taiwans DPP vows sweeping reforms with victory Taiwan #39;s ruling Democratic Progressive party has promised to pass sweeping economic and political reforms if it gains control of the legislature for the first time in Saturday #39;s election.	0
Football: Man Utd 0-0 Man City Manchester City stand firm to deny United in the Manchester derby at Old Trafford.	0
KMart at New High; Price Target Raised (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Kmart Holding Corp. \hit an all-time high on Tuesday after an analyst raised his\price target on the stock to  #36;101 from  #36;85 a share.	2
TXT-to-pay parking gets green light Wellington City Council will this week start replacing 1300 parking meters with 300 pay-and-display machines that can accept payments from mobile phones or credit cards.	3
Manufacturing seen stronger despite fall in durable goods WASHINGTON -- Orders to US factories for big-ticket goods dropped in August, largely weighed down by a sharp decline in demand for commercial airplanes.	2
FOOTBALL: REAL NAZI DISGRACE SPANISH football fans shamed their country again last night by hurling racist abuse at Bayer Leverkusen players during the Champions League fixture at Real Madrid.	1
Oklahoma, No. 2 in Both Polls, Opens Third in B.C.S. Ranking Though it is early, the B.C.S. revisions have not quite worked out as planned. Southern California and Miami were ranked as the top two teams.	1
IBM, Vanco Land VPN Deal LONDON -- IBM has signed a 7-year 500 million deal with Lloyds TSB to enhance the Bank #39;s voice and data services in support of next-generation business solutions.	3
Powell May Push China for Information on New York Times Researcher US Secretary of State Colin Powell may press Beijing for information regarding a New York Times researcher arrested for allegedly passing state secrets to foreigners.	0
Handheld Computers Aid Convention Security (AP) AP - Submachine gun, check. Semiautomatic pistol, check. Personal digital assistant, check. In addition to their usual weaponry, some officers responsible for securing federal buildings at the Republican convention are armed with devices like handheld computers.	3
Neville: We fear no one PHIL Neville insists Manchester United don #39;t fear anyone in the Champions League last 16 and declared:  quot;Bring on the Italians.	1
Nikkei Flat in Nervous Trade (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Nikkei average was flat by late\morning trade on Tuesday as falls in oil-related stocks offset\gains in some exporters including auto makers after a retreat\in oil prices eased fears about the global economy.	0
Microsoft #39;s MSN Messenger Service Down Briefly Users of Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) MSN Messenger lost the ability to swap instant messages for a brief period, the world #39;s largest software maker said on Tuesday.	3
Mobile phone sales grow strongly Global mobile phone sales grew 35 to over 150 million in the second quarter, say industry analysts Gartner.	2
Nikkei Rises for 1st Time in 3 Sessions  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo's Nikkei average rose for the first  time in three sessions to close 0.62 percent higher on  Wednesday after investors found positive signs in revised  Japanese economic growth figures that were sluggish overall.	2
Dollar Gains as Oil Price Drops  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar was mostly firmer on Monday  as a drop in oil prices gave added impetus to dealers paring  positions after the dollar's recent brush with historic lows.	2
Bryant's Request to Seal Evidence Opposed (AP) AP - The prosecutor who brought rape charges against Kobe Bryant has joined news organizations in opposing an attempt by the NBA star's attorney to permanently seal evidence and documents in the case.	1
IBC seeks to rise again through bankruptcy As CEO and chairman, James Elsesser kept looking for a way to make Interstate Bakeries Corp. as solid as its brand names. Inheriting a company with aging factories and slow reflexes that for decades 	2
Woods and Mickelson in Early Assault on Europe  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Tiger Woods and Phil  Mickelson, the United States' two trump cards, have been paired  together for the opening fourballs of the Ryder Cup which  starts Friday at Oakland Hills.	1
Funds in Brief: San Francisco firm pays \$30 million in settlement RS Investments, a \$6.7 billion money manager based in San Francisco, said Wednesday it had settled US and state allegations of improper trading by agreeing to pay \$30 million in fines and reduced management fees.	2
Arsenal manager Wenger dismisses Real link Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger reconfirmed his commitment to the English premier league club on Friday, saying that he would sign a new contract before the end ofthe year.	1
Bucs lose KR Murphy for season Tampa, FL (Sports Network) - Tampa Bay Buccaneers wide receiver/kick returner Frank Murphy will miss the remainder of the season after rupturing his left Achilles #39; tendon in Sunday #39;s 16-13 loss to the Denver Broncos.	1
New Afghan Army a Match for Taliban, U.S. Says (Reuters) Reuters - The new Afghan army is winning the\support of the population and is capable of tackling a\lingering insurgency by remnants of the ousted Taliban regime,\the U.S. general in charge of its training said Monday.	0
Not To Be Outfeatured, Yahoo Adds E-mail Storage Yahoo is now providing 250 megabytes of e-mail storage for users of its free e-mail service, up from 100 MB. The company also unveiled an anti-spam authentication technology called DomainKeys 	3
Top Pakistani Al-Qaeda suspect killed KARACHI (Pakistan) - Paramilitary police have killed a suspected top Al-Qaeda operative wanted for his alleged role in the slaying of a Wall Street Journal reporter and two assassination attempts against President Pervez Musharraf, the Information 	0
Movie Gallery Bids on Hollywood Chain DOTHAN, Ala. - Video rental chain Movie Gallery Inc. on Friday said it has made an offer to acquire Hollywood Entertainment Corp., countering a \$700 million takeover proposed last week by Blockbuster Inc.	2
Gill wants Champions League change Manchester United chief executive David Gill has called for the Champions League second group stage to be restored. Old Trafford boss Alex Ferguson and Arsenal counterpart Arsene Wenger were among the major 	1
Oracle Mulls Dropping PeopleSoft Lawsuit (AP) AP - An attorney for Oracle Corp. says the company will abandon its legal challenge to PeopleSoft Inc.'s antitakeover protections if shareholders fail to tender a majority of their shares by a Nov. 19 deadline.	3
Sharon Allows 1,000 More Settler Homes in West Bank  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Prime Minister Ariel Sharon approved  tenders to build 1,000 more Israeli settler homes in the  occupied West Bank, plans that were shelved earlier to avoid  discord with Washington, political sources said Tuesday.	0
Spooky psychic thriller spot on Psi-Ops' mix of futuristic military adventure and spooky psychic undertones has much to offer.	3
Brazil Garbage Dump Could Be Climate Trailblazer (Reuters) Reuters - A Brazilian garbage dump could be a\trailblazer for thousands of projects in developing nations\under a U.N. plan to battle global warming, a Norwegian company\said Wednesday.	3
Medarex #39;s Hodgkin #39;s treatment gets orphan status PRINCETON, NJ (Dow Jones/AP) _ Biopharmaceutical company Medarex Inc. said Wednesday its Hodgkin #39;s disease treatment was granted orphan drug designation by the Food and Drug Administration.	2
Vancouver man is victim of shoddy FBI investigation: lawyer (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - VANCOUVER (CP) - A Vancouver man wanted by the U.S. for the 30-year-old murder of an American Indian Movement activist is being persecuted based on a faulty FBI investigation and the word of a troubled drug addict, says the lawyer defending his so-called partner in crime.	0
Cry no tears for Arafat The short man had a very long name. Mohammed Abdel Raouf Arafat al-Qudwa al-Husseini, who was 5 feet 4, proved larger than life when he died last Thursday, 13 days after he arrived for treatment in a military hospital in France.	0
China rules out 'hard landing' Efforts to ease the Chinese economy off the boil are working but rapid exchange rate change is off the agenda, the Chinese president says.	2
Election jitters send oil lower Oil prices have fallen further below \$50 a barrel as, with the result of the US presidential elections still difficult to predict, traders cashed in positions.	2
Virus writers exploit Microsofts monthly patch cycle The creators of the Bofra worm, which exploits the recently discovered iFrame vulnerability in Internet Explorer, may have timed the release of their worm to throw Microsofts monthly patch cycle into disarray, say security experts.	3
BT denies fiddling prices on Advent Calendar sales promo URL 'manipulation' yields unpublished discounts	3
Nets: Kidd #39;s a hit in practice Yes, he was back. He showed some familiar signs of his brilliant self, there were rave reviews, and the Nets suddenly looked as though they #39;re ready to become an NBA team again.	1
FCC Approves Merger, Wireless Giant Created WASHINGTON -- The nation #39;s largest wireless phone company is created by the deal approved Tuesday by the Federal Communications Commission.	2
Russian Peacekeepers Move Into S. Ossetia Hoping to end persistent skirmishing, peacekeepers moved into areas near South Ossetia #39;s capital to separate Georgian troops and fighters from the breakaway region, officials said Friday.	0
Eagles Reward Reid with Four-Year Extension  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Eagles  locked up their most successful head coach in franchise history  Wednesday, signing Andy Reid to a four-year contract extension.	1
SBC Will Cut 10,000 Jobs by 2005-Filing SBC Communications (SBC) will cut 10,000 jobs from its workforce through the end of 2005 using attrition and involuntary cuts, the company said in a filing with US market regulators on Friday.	2
India test-fires BrahMos BHUBANESHWAR: India carried out its sixth test-fire of the BrahMos supersonic cruise missile on Wednesday, defence officials said.	2
Debt Doubles at Agency that Insures Pension Plans The federal agency that insures pension plans said that its deficit, already at the highest in its history, had doubled in its last fiscal year, to \$23.3 billion.	2
Microsoft Patches Critical XP Firewall Flaw (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) has released a patch for a potentially serious configuration flaw in the firewall that ships with the company's Windows XP Service Pack 2.	3
Nigerian oil flows, for now The threat of violence in petroleum-rich Nigeria this week, followed by a spike in oil prices, underscored yet again that country #39;s importance and danger to companies that work there.	0
Grid Project Puts Unused PCs To Good Works IBM and several of the world #39;s leading scientific and philanthropic groups Tuesday launched a project that would put millions of PCs to work on research problems ranging from Alzheimer #39;s to disaster forecasting.	3
British Meddling in U.S. Election Provokes Outrage (Reuters) Reuters - A pro-Kerry letter-writing campaign by\Britain's left-leaning Guardian newspaper, targeting undecided\U.S. voters, has provoked outrage across the Atlantic.	0
House Passes DNA Testing Bill (AP) AP - Rape victims and convicted felons would both have greater access to DNA testing under legislation the House passed Wednesday.	3
Investors Await Greenspan for Rate Hints  LONDON (Reuters) - Financial markets ticked over ahead of a  key address by U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan on  Wednesday, expecting confirmation that interest rates in the  world's leading economy will go on rising at a moderate pace.	2
Devil Rays 7, Royals 4 Jorge Cantu hit a go-ahead, two-run double during a five-run eighth inning to help the Tampa Bay Devil Rays beat the Kansas City Royals 7-4 Tuesday night.	1
Web services for your TiVo? Microsoft, Intel and others pitch the technology as a way to manage everything from big corporate servers to consumer electronics.\&lt;br /&gt; Recent TiVo news: Janet Jackson still holds replay title 	3
Human races When Indonesian archaeologists uncovered the remains of several ancient skeletons in a remote island cave, the discovery was hailed as introducing modern humans to an unfamiliar two-legged cousin: Homo floresiensis.	3
Rice Returns Home Following Surgery (AP) AP - National security adviser Condoleezza Rice returned home Saturday after a one-night hospital stay where she was treated for noncancerous growths in her uterus.	0
Allawi Threatens New Offensive To Take Over Al-Fallujah Interim Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi says time is running out for Al-Fallujah residents to evict foreign fighters from the city of face a US-Iraqi military operation to do so.	0
Barca Eto #39;o encounters racism at Getafe Barcelona striker Samuel Eto #39;o encountered apparent racial abuse from opposition fans during his side #39;s 2-1 victory over Getafe in Madrid on Saturday.	1
T-Mobile Checks in at Red Roof T-Mobile Hotspot #39;s network of public venues with Wi-Fi is extensive and its partners are big names you #39;ve heard of(Starbucks, FedEx Kinko #39;s, Borders Books).	3
Phillies Win Again, Cling to Playoff Hopes (AP) AP - The Philadelphia Phillies are clinging to their slim playoff hopes even if they're having trouble hanging onto fly balls.	1
Oil set to top Russia-China talks Russia's president says Moscow's interests come first as he starts his China visit to discuss key oil projects.	0
USC, Oklahoma Retain Positions Southern California and Oklahoma stayed on course for a clash over college football #39;s national title at the Jan. 4 Orange Bowl yesterday after putting more distance between their respective No.	1
Tokyo Stocks Climb to 2-Week Closing High  TOKYO (Reuters) - Tokyo stocks climbed to a two-week  closing high on Friday after Tokyo Electron Ltd. and other  chip-related stocks got a boost from a bullish revenue outlook  by global industry leader Intel Corp.	2
Militants threaten to decapitate trio Militants threatened to decapitate two Americans and a Briton being held hostage unless their demands were met within 48 hours. In northern Iraq a car bomb killed at least 21 people and wounded 67 yesterday.	0
Canadians get iTunes on the cheap Although Canadians had to wait awhile to get access to the iTunes Music Store, they are getting a comparative bargain. Apple Computer, which opened the virtual doors on the Canadian store late Wednesday, is 	3
Google Shares Hit  #36;100.34 in Market Debut (AP) AP - In a debut vaguely reminiscent of the dot-com boom, shares of Internet search giant Google Inc. surged in their first day of public trading Thursday as investors who avoided the company's auction-based offering readily jumped into the familiar territory of the stock market.	3
First Suit Filed Against Internet  #39;Spyware #39; The US government has sued a New Hampshire man in its first attempt to crack down on Internet  quot;spyware quot; that seizes control of a user #39;s computer without permission.	3
Novell #39;s Linux, Identity Services Initiative Linux and identity management will be Novell #39;s biggest strengths, according to its chief executive Jack Messman. Messman told delegates at this year #39;s Novell Brainshare Europe event in Barcelona 	3
Knicks Defeat Nets, 87-79 (AP) AP - Jamal Crawford scored 30 points in a game otherwise defined by offensive ineptitude  #151; such as the New York Knicks holding the New Jersey Nets without a basket for 15 minutes  #151; in an 87-79 victory Tuesday night.	1
Australia considering new security pact with Indonesia SYDNEY : Australia said it was considering signing a new security agreement with Indonesia to replace a treaty between the countries that was scrapped when Canberra sent troops into East Timor in 1999.	0
Briefly: Linux release features Windows support roundup Plus: Gmail delivered to desktops...Chinadotcom mobile services suspended...Maker of disposable RFID tags gets millions...Mitsubishi expands solar production.	3
Man gets life imprisonment for p0rn Those caught for  #39;serious offenses #39; could now face life imprisonment while less serious cases could result in compulsory surveillance, detainment, taking into custody by the police.	3
Trio of talented backs lift Vikings Minnesota Vikings running back Michael Bennett watched the season #39;s first five games from the sideline with a knee injury. Anxiety over recovering from injury eventually led to concern 	1
Call him Jolly Ol #39; St. Rick It took all of about five minutes of an introductory press conference Wednesday at Heritage Hall for USC basketball to gain something it never really had before.	1
AOL wants developers to get the message The push is on to get Instant Messenger software on more and more mobile phones.	3
Fifteen rescued from doomed boat AN Australian navy frigate has plucked 15 people to safety from a burning and sinking Indonesian boat. The dramatic rescue was made 200 nautical miles east of Singapore.	0
J amp;J to buy Guidant for \$25.4bn Johnson  amp; Johnson last night struck a deal to acquire Guidant, the US cardiac treatment group for \$25.4bn, in a move that will give it access to one of the fastest growing areas in health care.	2
But seriously, folks As people will remind you, it's the season to give -- and so we're in a giving mood for Week 12. Four choices, four favorites selected, four different scenarios.	1
British Energy seeks to delist British Energy is to seek approval to delist from the stock market as it fights plans by rebel shareholders to oppose its restructuring plan.	2
Pipeline (TechWeb) TechWeb - Process Perfecter 7,Perfect Product SuiteT 5.0,Ultimus Suite V 7,e-DMS Workflow,HP OpenView Smart Plug-In for Oracle Enterprise Manager 10g	3
Top Judges Have Doubts on Tobacco Penalty  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A divided U.S. federal appeals court  panel on Wednesday expressed skepticism about whether the  government had the power to force cigarette makers to pay  billions of dollars in past profits as part of its racketeering  case against the industry.	2
Building a House With  EBay, Piece by Piece A growing number of people are turning to the online auction site not for knickknacks and trinkets, but for serious hardware and building materials.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;- The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	3
Dozens Of Children Slain As Soldiers Hand Out Candy BAGHDAD, Iraq -- At least 37 people, most of them children, have been killed by multiple explosions that rocked a western Baghdad neighborhood celebrating the opening of a new sewage system.	0
Five terrorists arrested in Pak. Islamabad, Aug. 22. (PTI): Pakistan #39;s security agencies have arrested five al Qaeda-linked terrorists who were plotting suicide attacks on senior leaders and key installations in the country, including the 	0
STREETWISE: Art? Nobody told the cleaner Paintings and other valuable works of art are stolen almost every day from galleries around the world, the most recent of course being Edvard Munch #39;s famous  quot;The Scream quot;.	0
Heat shows shortcomings CHARLOTTE  The kids certainly were having fun, but for the Heat this hardly was child #39;s play. In front of a energetic, student-only crowd of about 13,000 middle-schoolers, the Heat received 	1
Selig Rubber-Stamps Yankees' Deal for Johnson Commissioner Bud Selig returned from a vacation and promptly cleared one item off his desk, approving the Yankees' trade with the Diamondbacks for Randy Johnson.	1
Frenchman shot dead in Saudi Arabia in latest attack on foreigners (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP) - A French national was shot and killed in the Saudi Arabian city Jiddah early Sunday, the Saudi Interior Ministry said.	0
Lessons Of The  #39;29 Crash ENTITLEMENT IS SOMETHING that investors today need to get over. Just because they #39;ve lost money on stocks in recent years doesn #39;t mean markets are destined to return soon to ever-higher levels.	2
Radio Takes The Big Leap Forward (CBS) Finally I have a TiVo for my radio. Well, not quite but it #39;s close enough. Just as TiVo does for TV, RadioShark from Griffin Technology (griffintechnology.	3
Icahn Blasts Mylan Board on King Deal Veteran financier Carl Icahn said it was  quot;reprehensible and insulting quot; that the board of drug maker Mylan Laboratories Inc.	2
Breeders Cup day in Texas GRAND PRAIRIE, Texas (Ticker) - Richard Mandella is confident that Pleasantly Perfect again will be cashing in on horse racing #39;s richest day.	1
Sorenstam to Play Woods in Skins Game (AP) AP - Annika Sorenstam is mixing it up with the men again, and this time the competition includes Tiger Woods. Sorenstam and Woods will play against each other for the first time when they tee off Saturday in the Skins Game at the Trilogy Golf Club in the middle of the desert.	1
Blair to stay for third term DAVID HARDAKER: Britain #39;s Prime Minister Tony Blair has announced he #39;s to be admitted to hospital later today Australian time for a heart procedure.	0
Macheads alive and reading Mac fans, known for their devotion to buying the latest and greatest from Apple Computer, are also apparently interested in themselves as well.	3
Israel Pulls Back Forces in Northern Gaza  JABALYA, Gaza Strip (Reuters) - Israel pulled most of its  forces out of the northern Gaza Strip Saturday after a four-day  incursion it said was staged to halt Palestinian rocket attacks  on southern Israeli towns.	0
Ask Vic: Another victory for Patriots Which do you think is the more impressive feat? The Pats winning 20 in a row -- including playoff games and the Super Bowl -- or the Dolphins going undefeated during an entire regular season?	1
Mets Are on Verge of Signing Martnez as Boston Bows Out The Mets are close to signing Pedro Martnez to a four-year contract for \$56 million, according to a person involved in the negotiations.	1
Zigbee (Almost) Arrives 802.14.5 is one of the many personal area network (PAN) standards around like Bluetooth and ultrawideband (UWB). Like most IEEE 802 standards, the wireless industry knew what the IEEE was doing (or didn #39;t do in the case of UWB) was not enough.	3
Mo. Man Legally Changes His Name to 'They' BRANSON, Mo. - A Branson man has put a face to the anonymous references people often make to "they" by changing his name to just that: "They."   The former Andrew Wilson, a 43-year-old self-employed inventor, was granted legal permission last week by a circuit judge to change his name...	0
Quakes rock Indonesia, 17 dead At least 17 people were killed, over 130 injured and more than 300 homes destroyed Friday when an earthquake hit a town in Indonesia #39;s Papua province for the second time in nine months, officials said.	0
US Justice Department clears Cingular-AT T Wireless merger (AFP) AFP - The US antitrust authorities said they would clear Cingular Wireless Corp.'s 41-billion-dollar takeover of AT amp;T Wireless, with conditions.	3
AstraZeneca hit by drug rejection Shares in drug giant AstraZeneca fall after a US medical panel recommends that regulators reject its new drug Exanta.	0
Caymas introduces company and products (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Caymas Systems made its formal debut Monday, releasing three identity-driven access gateways designed for control of internal and external access to enterprise data and applications.	3
Gates to unveil Media Center PCs Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates on Tuesday will take center stage at Los Angeles #39; Shrine Auditorium, home of the Emmy Awards, to herald his vision for the next big thing in computing.	3
Iraq bomb blast kills nine Nine people have been killed in a car bomb blast at a US-Iraqi base in western Iraq, hospital officials in the nearby city of Haditha say.	0
Zimbabwe officials halt racism hearing Zimbabwe cricket #39;s international status was left hanging in the balance yesterday when the first day of the International Cricket Council #39;s investigation into allegations of racism was marred by the sort of intimidation which has, according to the former 	1
When steady is sexy American Funds sells mutual funds you could bring home to meet your parents: the funds are always described with words like  quot;steady, quot;  quot;solid, quot; and  quot;dependable. quot;	2
Everton spirit earns a point A CENTURY REACHED IN THE style of Michael Atherton; cussed, scruffy, with a minimum of graceful shots, blessed by good fortune, bloody-minded and bloody impressive.	1
How to Research Keywords for Search Engine Marketing How to Research Keywords for Search Engine Marketing\\The core element of any type of marketing utilizing the search engines is the keyword. Why is it so important? In terms of general marketing principles keyword search is equivalent to targeting a niche. It can help you focus your advertisements on certain ...	3
Lowe's Sees Profit Rising in 2005, 2006 (Reuters) Reuters - Home improvement retailer Lowe's Cos.\ on Tuesday said it expects diluted earnings per share\rising in both 2005 and 2006 as it benefits from increased\remodeling activity and a rise in home ownership.	2
Schumacher on favourite stage MICHAEL SCHUMACHER is back at his favourite race to claim a title demoralised opponents conceded to him months ago, an unprecedented seventh F1 crown.	1
Ratings off to a good start Saturday night's Game 1 World Series telecast returned a 13.7 national rating (25 share), the highest number for a Game 1 since the 1999 opener of the Yankees-Braves Series delivered a 14.2 (26 share) on NBC. It was the highest-rated World Series Game 1 for Fox since it began broadcasting baseball in 1996 (NBC retained the Series in 1997 and ...	1
Cary Named Ninth Safest City In Nation CARY, NC -- The town of Cary has been ranked ninth in a list of the nation #39;s safest cities. When it comes to the nation #39;s most dangerous cities, Camden, NJ, topped the list, snatching the distinction from Detroit, which came in second.	2
Google IPO Awaits Final Approval In a sign that Google Inc. (GOOG)'s initial public offering is imminent, the Internet search company has asked federal regulators to give final approval to the paperwork required for its stock sale.	3
Marlins soar to  #39;home #39; win The Florida Marlins ignored their unusual surroundings to record a 6-3 win over the Montreal Expos on Monday. Hurricane Ivan forced the Marlins to play the match at Chicago White Sox #39;s home stadium, the first 	1
Update 1: VNU Sells Directories Unit for \$2.6B The Dutch publisher VNU, which owns the Nielsen TV ratings service, said Monday it signed a deal to sell its World Directories unit for \$2.	2
Indiana, Ole Miss, BYU Dismiss Coaches (AP) AP - Gerry DiNardo, Gary Crowton and David Cutcliffe all became unemployed coaches Wednesday, upping the total coaching vacancies in Division I-A to 15.	1
Singapore #39;s speech ran counter to basic rights The nation has always been independent from China. Not for a single day has it been ruled by China. Twenty-three million Taiwanese -- 7.7 times the number of 	0
Fed Reserve president expects gradual rise in interest rates The recent slowdown in growth and higher oil prices probably won #39;t stop interest rates from rising, a senior Federal Reserve official said yesterday.	2
Ferrari first and last in qualifying Rubens Barrichello put Ferrari on pole position for race of the inaugural Chinese Grand Prix on September 25 while his teammate Michael Schumacher has to start from the back of the grid after a spin-off in Saturday #39;s qualifying.	1
Jury rules for franchisees in Shell trial A federal jury awarded more than \$3 million to eight Massachusetts gas station operators after finding Shell Oil Co. used unfair tactics that were effectively intended to drive them out of business.	2
Bush Health Savings Accounts Slow to Gain Acceptance So far employers and their workers have been slow to accept health savings accounts as an alternative to conventional health insurance.	2
U.S. Opposed Passport Privacy Protections (AP) AP - The Bush administration opposed security measures for new microchip-equipped passports that privacy advocates contended were needed to prevent identity theft, government snooping or a terror attack, according to State Department documents released Friday.	3
Firefox launch roundup USA Today:  quot;Firefox proponents acknowledge it will have to do a lot more than swipe a few percentage points of market share to pose a significant threat to Explorer.	3
Sales is hoping to close the deal Connecticut Sun shooting guard Nykesha Sales was the team's leading scorer this season, averaging 15.2 points. She scored in double figures 26 times, and in her six years in the WNBA, has scored almost 2,800 points.	1
Q amp;A: Why UK radio groups want to merge The agreed merger between two of the UK #39;s biggest commercial radio groups, Capital Radio and GWR, signals an era of change in the radio industry.	2
Iran Rejects UN Call for Uranium Enrichment Freeze  TEHRAN (Reuters) - Iran rejected Sunday a U.N. resolution  calling on it to freeze uranium enrichment activities and  threatened to stop snap checks of its atomic facilities if its  case were sent to the U.N. Security Council.	0
HP  amp; Intel Team Up on Servers Intel Corp and Hewlett-Packard Co. reached a new level in their relationship today, as Intel hired an entire team of engineers from HP.	3
SanDisk Flashes New Memory Cards SanDisk this week announced a series of CF (CompactFlash) cards that double the read and write speeds of its fastest flash cards available today, as well as an 8GB version of its Ultra II CF Type 1 flash memory card.	3
Cubs get delivery from Wood Kerry Wood homered and allowed four hits in eight innings, leading the Chicago Cubs over the visiting Los Angeles Dodgers, 2-0, yesterday.	1
Lebanon PM Resigns, Says Will Not Head New Govt. Lebanon #39;s Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri resigned Wednesday after the pro-Syrian president #39;s term was extended under what lawmakers called pressure from Damascus.	0
Moving on from that old line WHY are Telstra shares yielding about 9 per cent on a gross dividend basis, even though revenue and profits are rising at an annual rate of about 4 per cent?	2
US CREDIT-Kmart acquisition hits Sears credit Credit investors found it difficult to muster much joy over Kmart Holding Corp. #39;s (KMRT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) plan to buy Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co.	2
Typhoon wreaks havoc in Japan TOKYO: Typhoon Tokage has killed at least 15 people and snarled transport as it lashed Japan with heavy rains that set off landslides and forced thousands to flee their homes.	0
Vodafone to Buy Back More Shares As it reported results on Tuesday, the Vodafone Group, the world #39;s largest mobile phone operator, said that it would double dividends and increase a share buyback program by 1 billion (\$1.9 billion).	2
ICQ Updates Its Web-Based E-Mail Service offers 2GB of storage, wireless access, and video e-mail--for a fee.	3
DiMarco has sneer down pat Minutes after he finished his third round at the 84 Lumber Classic yesterday, DiMarco found fault with the threesomes that were used, the slow pace of play, life 	1
Treasuries Rally on Drop in August PPI  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries rallied on Friday  after a surprise drop in U.S. producer prices in August fueled  the view that the Federal Reserve might pause on its rate-hike  path after an expected rate boost later this month.	2
Marlins shift games versus Expos to US Cellular Field Miami, FL (Sports Network) - Due to the approach of Hurricane Ivan in the South Florida area, the Marlins have rescheduled two of their contests against the Montreal Expos slated for next week to US Cellular Field in Chicago.	1
Sale helps deliver Foster #39;s Group profit boost The big brewer and winemaker, Foster #39;s Group, has announced a full-year result of \$799 million which has been significantly boosted by the sale of its Australian Leisure and Hospitality business.	2
Epson Announces Advanced Model of the World #39;s Lightest Micro-Flying Robot TOKYO, Japan -- Seiko Epson Corporation ( quot;Epson quot;) has announced that it has successfully developed a lighter and more advanced successor to the FR, the world #39;s smallest and lightest micro-flying robot. Turning once again to its micromechatronics ...	3
OPEC Chief: Concerned with Oil Price Rise  JAKARTA (Reuters) - OPEC President Purnomo Yusgiantoro said  on Friday he was concerned with the continuing rise in global  oil prices, but the cartel had not yet seen a cost-driven  increase in inflation.	2
Are Sun and Microsoft forming an unholy alliance? The Internet went all abuzz last week when a report by Todd Bishop of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer posited that Microsoft was keeping open its legal options against licensees of OpenOffice.	3
Kenyan is Nobel Peace laureate NYERI (Kenya) - Crying with delight, Kenyan environmentalist Wangari Maathai planted a tree to celebrate winning the Nobel Peace Prize yesterday and vowed to use her award money to strengthen her campaign to save Africa #39;s forests.	0
Holiday Shoppers Take to the Malls Holiday shoppers, intent on finding bargains, descended on the Washington region's malls this morning, joining a nationwide shopping spree that has come to be known as Black Friday.	2
Fastow may appear in barge trial HOUSTON Former Enron finance chief Andrew Fastow isn #39;ta defendant or a prosecution witness in the first criminal trial to emerge from the energy company #39;s crash -- but he could be called to testify.	2
Gagne is shaky in ninth In the never-ending and rarely successful quest to neutralize Barry Bonds, conventional baseball wisdom is about as useful as a fastball down the middle.	1
Quattrone barred from securities work Frank Quattrone, who was sentenced to 18 months in prison for urging employees to destroy documents during a probe of Credit Suisse First Boston, was permanently prohibited by the NASD from working in the securities industry.	2
Branson #39;s Virgin Group creating  #39;21st-century airline #39; in Nigeria Virgin Group boss Richard Branson has signed an agreement with Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo to launch a new airline in the African country that will be majority owned by Nigerian investors.	2
Ole Miss tabs Orgeron as head coach Oxford, MS (Sports Network) - The University of Mississippi introduced Southern California assistant Ed Orgeron as its new head football coach during a Thursday press conference.	1
Spartans outplayed by George Washington in first round of BB amp;T &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Washington, DC - The No. 11 MSU basketball team lost 96-83 to George Washington Saturday afternoon in the first-round of the BB amp;T Classic.	1
Denmark backs call for Turkish recognition of Cyprus Danish Prime Minister Anders FoghRasmussen said Turkey #39;s admission talks with the European Union (EU) rely implicitly on the country #39;s recognition of the Greek-Cypriot state, the Ritzau news bureau reported on Wednesday.	0
Fincke would return to ISS  #39;tomorrow #39; ONLY two days after returning from a six-month space expedition, US astronaut Michael Fincke said that he was ready to return to orbit with his Russian colleagues.	3
Wall Street Set to Open Slightly Higher  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures signaled a slightly  higher open for stocks on Monday as investors welcomed an  easing of oil prices from a record high near \$50 a barrel last  week.	2
Pre-Election Tensions Mount in Florida (AP) AP - Pre-election tensions mounted Thursday in Florida amid claims of voter intimidation, promises that absentee ballots will reach the Broward County citizens who are missing them, and concerns that Republicans will question the authenticity of thousands of votes on Election Day.	0
IRAQ VOTER REGISTRATION BEGINS In a step towards landmark elections in Iraq, registering of voters and potential candidates has begun despite the latest violence, which claimed the life of Baghdad #39;s deputy governor.	0
Kite increases lead in Sonoma SONOMA, California (Ticker) - It wasn #39;t pretty, but it was enough to stay atop the leaderboard. Tom Kite increased his lead at the \$2.	1
More Red Sox declare free agency CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Ten members of the World Series Champion Boston Red Sox filed for free agency on Monday. Catcher Jason Varitek, shortstop Orlando Cabrera, pitchers Curtis Leskanic, Derek Lowe, Ramiro Mendoza 	1
IBM signs 100 software vendors to Workplace platform NOVEMBER 24, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM yesterday announced that 100 independent software vendors have signed on to use software from its Workplace initiative, a new client computing model that gives employees a single way to access, share and manage 	3
In Australia: Debate hots up CANBERRA - Australia #39;s political leaders went head-to-head yesterday in a national debate dominated by the war on terror as campaigning for the Oct 9 polls resumed.	0
Hamas Leader Killed in Syria Car Bombing DAMASCUS, Syria -- A car bomb killed a leader of the militant group Hamas in Damascus on Sunday. Police at the scene of the explosion were seen retrieving pieces of the body of Izz el-Deen Subhi Sheik Khalil.	0
Galloping  #39;Ghost #39; brightens Frankel #39;s view of Breeders #39; For Bobby Frankel, the melancholy prince of New York adrift in a strange place called Texas, the day was neither sunny nor gray. Bobby was neither in heaven nor hell, but in something akin to purgatory.	1
British American Tobacco Sees Profit Rise LONDON - British American Tobacco PLC posted a 60 percent jump in third quarter net profit Tuesday, thanks partly to lower taxation charges.	2
Limitations Frustrate Tsunami Scientists (AP) AP - For scientists at the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, the world's most powerful earthquake happened below the wrong ocean.	3
Yankees destroy Jays With the New York Yankees' starting rotation struggling, the team's offense matched its biggest performance of the season.	1
Is Your Web Browser Putting You At Risk? Is Your Web Browser Putting You At Risk?\\It's free, it comes with Windows and it's used by approximately 94 of the Internet population. It also poses an unacceptable security risk. What am I talking about? If you guessed Internet Explorer, you're right on the money. So, is your web browser ...	3
First Night, Single Theme for Double Term: Sept. 11 Speaker after speaker at the Republican convention summoned Sept. 11 in service of an overriding theme: the nation will be safer under President Bush.	0
Once-prosperous Sudanese scavenge to survive FURAWIYAH, Sudan -- Rummaging through the ashy debris of this abandoned village in a dingy gray suit, Moussa Safi is like a ghost in a ghost town.	0
Feds Wrap Up Online-Crime Dragnet The Department of Justice says dozens of people have been arrested or convicted for online crimes this summer, as part of its effort to show that the internet is not 'off-base for law enforcement,' according to Attorney General John Ashcroft.	3
WHO urges more bird flu vaccine in wake of death TORONTO - In the wake of yet another avian influenza death in Thailand, the World Health Organization urged countries with flu vaccine production capacity and their manufacturers to speed up work on trial vaccines against the highly deadly H5N1 virus.	0
Federer races to US Open last 16 NEW YORK, USA -- World number one and top seed Roger Federer stayed on course for his third grand slam title of the year with a straight sets victory over Fabrice Santoro of France in the US Open at Flushing Meadows on Saturday.	1
Nokias smartphones Nokia unveiled three new megapixel handsets this week in a further move towards its long-term bid to take a 40 share of the market.	3
Update 1: FCC OKs Rules for Local Phone Competition Federal regulators narrowly approved rules Wednesday that phase out many of the government-mandated discounts the four major regional telephone companies must give rivals to encourage them to compete for local service customers.	2
Three Beheaded Bodies Found in Iraq BAGHDAD, Iraq - Three beheaded bodies were found Wednesday or a road north of Baghdad and a car bomb exploded in a town south of the capital, killing two people and injuring 10.    The attacks were the latest in an upsurge of violence that has killed more than 200 people in the country in the last four days...	0
Ogden's Knee Improves; His Status Is Uncertain The Ravens are waiting to see how the knee of tackle Jonathan Ogden improves, and continue to hope that he will play in the season opener.	1
Your Daily Tech News Service... GamePC have thrown up their review of Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005! Here #39;s a snip. Windows XP Media Center Edition was originally launched roughly two years ago, and was the first variant 	3
Nasdaq Ends Up, Dow Slips  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The tech-driven Nasdaq Composite Index  got a 1 percent boost on Thursday on gains in the semiconductor  sector, but the blue-chip Dow ended down slightly after  Caterpillar Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CAT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CAT.N&lt;/A&gt; warned about higher steel prices and  other costs.	2
Militant won #39;t run for leader from jail THE jailed firebrand Palestinian leader Marwan Barghouti has decided not to run for the presidency of the Palestinian Authority, lifting the threat of a divided vote in his Fatah faction.	0
Gateway Computes Operating Profit Nation's third leading PC maker is turning operations in a positive direction.	2
Noguchi wins marathon, Kastor gives United States a surprising &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Mizuki Noguchi of Japan held on for the gold and American Deena Kastor used a late burst for a stunning bronze medal finish Sunday night in the Olympic marathon.	1
More trojan programs showing up for the Symbian smartphones In addition to the previously know Cabir, Skulls and a Skulls variant that incorporated Cabir, it is now known of a new threat industry experts are calling Cantimer.	3
EAST CHAMP EAGLES EYEING SUPER PRIZE Philadelphia is a city filled with landmarks, and the Eagles #39; 27-6 rout of the Giants had plenty of them. The Eagles sealed their fourth straight NFC East title, and joined the 1985 Bears and 	1
Dunn Sets Strikeout Record Cincinnati Reds slugger Adam Dunn set the major league record for strikeouts in one season with 190, when he fanned in his first two at-bats Thursday against the Chicago Cubs.	1
Saudi women will not vote Kuwait - Saudi women will not vote in next month #39;s municipal elections, the first polls to be held in the autocratic kingdom for many years, interior minister Prince Nayef said in remarks published on Monday.	0
O Romeo, art thou a good Republican? Romance follows the party line in US (AFP) AFP - She was pretty and smart; he was educated and charmingly polite. They could have been headed for "happily ever after" if it had not been for ... the faith-based initiative.	0
British Guantanamo Detainee Alleges Abuse from Jail (Reuters) Reuters - A British detainee at Guantanamo Bay\said in a letter revealed Friday he was tortured and abused\during detention, in what is believed to be the first such\claim to come from inside the prison.	0
Space-flight pioneer predicts 3,000  quot;astronauts quot; in 5 years Burt Rutan, a maverick aviator with Elvis-like sideburns, spread his futuristic vision last week of space travel no longer dominated by the government but by daring engineers such as himself.	3
World Bank Says Improving Climate for Investments Improves Lives &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The World Bank says nearly half the world #39;s population lives on less than \$2 a day. In its annual World Development Report, which draws upon surveys of 30,000 firms in more than 50 developing countries, the 	2
Oil prices fall below \$43 in fourth day of selling The selloff in crude oil futures continued for a fourth straight day Friday, with prices skidding below \$43 a barrel to roughly 14 percent below where they were at the beginning of the week.	2
New Jersey Nets Team Report - November 16 (Sports Network) - The New Jersey Nets lost their third straight game, as they were defeated by the Houston Rockets, 80-69, on Monday at Continental Airlines Arena.	1
Nikkei Sinks Due to Exporters (Reuters) Reuters - Tokyo's Nikkei average fell 2 percent at\the opening on Monday as investors shied away from exporters\including Toyota Motor Corp. after a fall in the dollar below\107 yen stoked concerns about their earnings.	2
Boost for Somali peace talks Mediators welcome the return of a Somali warlord to the peace process in neighbouring Kenya.	0
Praise running rampant for Oklahoma freshman To hear him, you #39;d think the guy was some wide-eyed, talk-radio type prattling on about the latest kid to slip a couple of tackles.	1
Google warns a slowing of growth is  #39;inevitable #39; Google warned Thursday that increased competition and the maturing of the company would result in an  quot;inevitable quot; slowing of its growth.	2
Fuel Leak Scrubs Lockheed Atlas Florida Launch About 11,000 gallons of rocket fuel spilled during fueling of a Lockheed Martin Atlas 2 rocket on Saturday, forcing a one-day delay in the launch of the rocket carrying a classified 	3
Microsoft to Offer Cheaper, Limited Windows in Russia It #39;s part of the company #39;s effort to beat back Linux and piracy efforts in developing technology markets. Microsoft says it will offer a simplified and lower-priced version of Windows XP in Russia, matching 	3
E-Voting Cos. Reveal Software to Feds (AP) AP - The nation's largest voting machine companies are submitting millions of lines of code to the National Software Reference Library to address sharp criticism from computer scientists about the secret software used in elections.	3
Regent: CU needs to restore confidence University of Colorado Regent Jim Martin said Thursday the university must take swift, sure action to restore public trust after the disclosure of a critical audit of a fund-raising organization and a private football camp run by head 	1
Ricky #39;s rep, NFL talk An attorney for Ricky Williams met with NFL officials on Thursday in Santa Monica, Calif., hoping to pave the way for the former Dolphins running back to return this season.	1
Before the Bell - Taser up, Krispy Kreme down Shares of Taser International Inc. (TASR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) rose more than 4 percent before the market opened on Thursday after the stun-gun maker said it received new orders valued at \$1 million.	2
New backing for Glazer? The on-off saga that is Malcolm Glazer #39;s proposed takeover of Manchester United could be back on after reports that the American tycoon has found a new backer.	1
MS moves to can more spammers Microsoft announced today that it has filed seven lawsuits against spammers who failed to label their junk mail as sexually explicit - in contravention of the US #39;s CAN-SPAM law.	3
Parmalat to sue auditors PARMALAT, the bankrupt Italian food company, is suing outside auditors Grant Thornton and Deloitte  amp; Touche, seeking 5.5 billion in damages. 	2
Boeing Scrubs Planned Heavy-Lift Rocket Launch Boeing Co. scrubbed a planned launch of a Delta IV heavy-lift rocket on Sunday as engineers sought to determine what caused a temperature control system to malfunction after an aborted launch on Saturday.	3
Ridge Reviews Security in N.Y., Declaring 'We Are Prepared' The homeland security secretary today inspected arrangements for the Republican convention that starts next week.	0
PalmOne Unveils Treo 600 #39;s Successor Treo 650 boasts a high-res display, an improved keyboard and camera, a removable battery, and more. PalmOne this week is announcing the Treo 650, a hybrid PDA/cell-phone device that addresses many of the shortcomings 	3
UPDATE 2-Fed #39;s Santomero says rate hikes depend on economy The Federal Reserve can slow down the pace of interest rate rises if the economy grows less rapidly than it expects, Philadelphia Fed President Anthony Santomero said on Friday.	2
Health Issue, Lack of Fervor Made H. Brown Leave The grind of the NBA finally got to Hubie Brown, who at 71 had neither the fervor for the job nor the good health needed to remain the coach of the Grizzlies.	1
US Airways Falls on Labor Talks Talks have broken down between US Airways (UAIR:Nasdaq - news - research) and its pilots, putting the carrier another step closer to filing for bankruptcy protection again.	2
 #39;Ransom demand #39; on French hostages An Iraqi group reportedly holding two French journalists has demanded a \$5 million ransom - to be paid within 48 hours. The statement was posted on a website and suggested Journalists Christian Chesnot and 	0
BP Reports Bumper Profits on Oil Price  LONDON (Reuters) - BP Plc, the world's second largest oil  company, reported bumper third-quarter profits on Tuesday  thanks to high oil prices, but analysts said higher capital  expenditure plans raised some concerns about the extent of  future share buybacks.	2
Shiite Militia Fighters Start Turning in Weapons in Baghdad Followers of radical cleric Moqtada Sadr trickled in to police stations in Baghdad #39;s Sadr City district to hand in weapons today under a deal seen as a key step toward ending weeks of fighting with US and Iraqi forces in the Shiite militant stronghold.	0
RPT-CORRECTED-US #39; Al Gore starts sustainable growth firm In LONDON story of Nov. 8 (not Nov. 2) headlined  quot;US #39; Al Gore starts sustainable growth fund firm quot; please read in fifth paragraph ... Peter Knight, a former campaign manager ... instead of ... Peter Harris, a former campaign manager ... (corrects surname).	2
NBA Wrap: Returning Trio Help Pistons End Skid Chauncey Billups scored 21 points in his return to the line-up as the host Detroit Pistons also welcomed back coach Larry Brown and Ben Wallace with a 93-85 triumph over the Minnesota Timberwolves Wednesday.	1
Ryder Cup Quartet Trail McDowell, O'Hern, Lara  WOBURN, England (Reuters) - Briton Graeme McDowell,  Australian Nick O'Hern and Spain's Jose Manuel Lara shared the  Heritage first round lead Thursday as four members of Europe's  victorious Ryder Cup team returned to action.	1
DWIGHT YORKE RACE TAUNTS: TWO IN COURT Two men will appear in court today accused of racial public order offences involving Birmingham striker Dwight Yorke. Yorke complained to police that he was taunted with monkey chants and other racist abuse 	1
Venezuela finds no fraud in election Venezuela #39;s electoral authorities said Saturday an audit of the vote on President Hugo Chavez #39;s rule found no proof of fraud.	2
World Follows U.S. Race by Internet, TV (AP) AP - Satellites and telephone wires bring the battle for the White House to an Internet cafe 7,200 miles away in Addis Ababa, capital of Ethiopia, where Girma Hagos goes for his daily dose of U.S. election news.	3
 #39;Deficit as far as eye can see #39; to be cut Berlin - The United States (US) Treasury Secretary John Snow has flown into Berlin at the weekend on a budget flight - and pledged to cut the US deficit in half.	2
Orange joins 3G fray with pitch to early adopters Orange joined the Christmas scramble for customers willing to experiment with new 3G services yesterday, offering four handsets, a competitively priced service and a target of four million customers, split between Britain and France, within two years.	2
Developing countries urged to improve investment climate Financial Times, 29 September 2004 - Developing countries must take action to reduce corruption and cronyism in order to improve investment climates and promote growth and poverty reduction, the World Bank said yesterday.	2
AMD Releases New Mobile Sempron Will the chip maker ever overcome Intel's advantage in the notebook market?	3
Nedved Quits Czech Republic Juventus playmaker Pavel Nedved has officially announced his retirement from international football, a decision hed been flirting with for months.	1
Black  amp; Decker Q3 earns leap 51 SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Black  amp; Decker on Wednesday reported a 51 percent surge in third-quarter earnings reflecting strong demand in Dewalt and Price Pfister brands despite a slide in the company #39;s namesake product line.	2
Israel to shut Gaza, West Bank ISRAELI Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz today ordered a closure of the West Bank and Gaza Strip during the upcoming Jewish holidays, a ministry spokeswoman said.	0
Cryptography break threatens digital signatures Researchers in the field of cryptography have been successfully breaking the hash functions that are used to secure the privacy of electronic communications, threatening the integrity of digital signatures, according to a report on Slashdot. 	3
Marsh Reveals What's at Stake in Probe  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Marsh   McLennan Cos. revealed what's  at stake in the probe into its behavior by New York Attorney  General Eliot Spitzer, saying it generated \$845 million of fat  fees from a practice at the center of a bid-rigging scandal.	2
Killing Of 49 Army Recruits Shows Growing Security Problems Insurgents have killed 49 recruits of Iraq #39;s National Guard in an ambush as the men were traveling home to visit relatives after completing training.	0
Carphone Warehouse rings up higher sales Europe #39;s biggest mobile phone retailer, Carphone Warehouse, said in a trading update on Wednesday that sales were up on the back of a 25 per cent leap in new connections.	2
A walk-through for Bonds Needing 1 more homer to join only Hank Aaron and Babe Ruth in baseball #39;s version of the 700 Club, Bonds went 0-for-2 with 2 walks in the Giants #39; 3-2 victory over the Brewers on Tuesday night at Miller Park.	1
Bama Game is Important to Fulmer Knoxville (WVLT/AP) - Beating Alabama is so important to Vols Coach Phillip Fulmer he has mentioned the annual game in his spiel to recruits.	1
Annika Sorenstam Having a Vijay-Like Year (AP) AP - Annika Sorenstam competed against the men last year at Colonial. Now she is being compared with them.	1
Agreement Reached for Resolution on Iran's Nuclear Program U.S. and European negotiators agreed on a draft resolution meant to deprive Iran of technology used to make nuclear weapons.	0
Dell Unveils Inexpensive Projector New 2300MP digital model offers high brightness and resolution, at a low price.	3
Who is third man in? Think the Red Sox have rotation issues? On the eve of tonight's Division Series opener with Minnesota, Yankees manager Joe Torre didn't know who will start Game 3 Friday or whether Orlando Hernandez even will be on the roster.	1
Media General expects fourth, full-year earns to top expectations Media General Inc. said Tuesday it expects fourth-quarter and full-year earnings to exceed Wall Street estimates, primarily due to the robust performance of its broadcast division.	2
Bush, Kerry Health Care Plans Differ (AP) AP - Although a raucous debate over national security has dominated the presidential campaign, President Bush and Democratic rival John Kerry differ even more sharply on how to provide better health care to more Americans.	0
Yen Rises Against Dollar  TOKYO (Reuters) - The yen rose against the dollar on Friday  despite data showing Japanese growth came to a virtual  standstill in the third quarter, while the dollar was supported  versus the euro by verbal intervention from Europe.	2
Police: 6 killed in arson at Philadelphia rowhouse Philadelphia -- A fast-moving arson fire killed six people in a rowhouse before dawn Saturday, four of them children, police said.	2
Infosys to set up second outsourcing facility in China SHANGHAI -- Indian outsourcing company Infosys Technologies Ltd. moved into its Shanghai office in February. Now, the company is running out of space and is scouting locations for a second outsourcing facility in China, a company executive said Wednesday.	3
Yukos executives 'flee' Russia All the top executives at Russian oil giant Yukos have fled the country in fear of arrest as the government seeks to sell off its main asset.	2
attack on BSF camp in JK; 1 jawan killed SRINAGAR: One militant and a jawan were killed and three security personnel injured when terrorists made an abortive bid to storm a BSF camp at Sopore in Baramullah district of Jammu and Kashmir in the wee hours on Saturday.	0
Ex-OAS Chief Ordered Held in Costa Rica (AP) AP - A Costa Rican appeals court judge ordered the former head of the Organization of American States jailed Friday while prosecutors prepare corruption charges against him for allegedly accepting kickbacks when he was the nation's president.	0
GM, Daimler to cooperate on hybrids General Motors and DaimlerChrysler announced plans yesterday to collaborate on fuel-saving hybrid gasoline-electric propulsion systems, which analysts said could reduce the costs of their 	2
RPA condemns killing of Tabara Commanders of the Revolutionary Proletarian Army (RPA) immediately condemned the killing of their leader, Arturo Tabara, chairman of the Rebolusyonaryong Partido ng Manggagawa 	0
Explosion damages Muslim school in southern Netherlands town An explosion blew the door off a Muslim school in a southern Dutch town and shattered windows across the street Monday, Dutch television reported.	0
US Wants UN Council to Meet at Sudan Peace Talks (Reuters) Reuters - Washington wants the U.N.\Security Council to meet next month at the site of peace talks\in Kenya between rebels in southern Sudan and Khartoum's\government, U.S. Ambassador John Danforth said on Friday.	0
IAEA chief hopes Iran suspend enrichment process The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) head, Mohammad ElBaradei, on Monday expressed his hope that suspension of uranium enrichment will be included in the preliminary Iran-EU agreement.	0
Venezuelans celebrate Johan Santana #39;s triumph as AL Cy Young Award &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Baseball-crazed Venezuelans celebrated pitcher Johan Santana #39;s award as the American League Cy Young winner on Thursday. Honking car horns as they heard the news on the radio and glued to television 	1
Election Heralds Start of Endgame in UN-Run Kosovo (Reuters) Reuters - Kosovo's\general election on Saturday will be the first step in a tricky\endgame to settle the fate of the Serbian province, now a U.N.\protectorate in the heart of the Balkans.	0
PlayStation 3 chip to debut in IBM desktop Sony revealed new details on Monday on the chip that will power the next PlayStation and said development is on track to deliver products based on the chip next year.	3
WTO OKs Sanctions Vs. US in Trade Row The European Union and its allies got the go-ahead on Tuesday to slap potentially heavy sanctions on US goods in a row that could stir trade tensions ahead of the US elections.	2
Should You Want the New iPod Photo? It Depends Whether you want the iPod Photo (www.apple.com/ipodphoto) depends, then, on how much money you #39;re willing to spend and the value you place on looking at images of friends and family on a two 	3
Massu gets first win in Vienna Olympic champion Nicolas Massu finally recorded his first win in Vienna yesterday, eliminating Slovak Karol Kucera in three sets at the euro682,750 (US\$845,908) ATP CA Trophy.	1
Japan whale hunt  #39;illegal #39; ANIMAL rights campaigners today claimed Japan has illegally killed hundreds of whales in an Australian sanctuary, and launched legal action aimed at stopping the hunt.	0
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution Athens, Greece -- Debbie Ferguson carried the blue and yellow Bahamian flag during the parade of nations in the Olympic opening ceremony, then stood proudly Wednesday night as it flew in Olympic Stadium to honor her bronze medal in the 200 meters.	1
Chavez Pushes Anti-Terrorism Plan After Bomb Attack &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Patrick Markey&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Venezuela's President HugoChavez pressed for a new anti-terrorism proposal on Saturdayafter a car bomb killed a top state prosecutor investigatingopponents accused of backing a 2002 coup against him.&lt;/p&gt;	0
Oracle puts focus on data integration at OpenWorld SAN FRANCISCO -- Data integration will be one of the major themes at Oracle's OpenWorld conference this week.	3
LIQUID DIET After the startling success of its turkey and gravy-flavoured soda during last year #39;s US holiday season, a Seattle soda company will be serving up green beans and casserole, mashed potatoes and butter, fruitcake and cranberry flavours.	2
Dollar Struggles Up After Stumble  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar struggled up from a one-month  low against the euro on Wednesday after the U.S. central bank  raised interest rates, as expected, but indicated little rush  for more aggressive hikes in the coming months.	2
Voting machine has trial by fire President Bush and Sen. John Kerry aren #39;t the only ones whose futures are riding on Tuesday #39;s election. Also at stake: the reputation of Diebold, the largest maker of electronic voting machines.	3
Swiss Glaciers on the Slippery Slope Switzerlands glaciers are melting faster than previously thought, losing almost a fifth of their total area between 1985 and 2000, experts said today.	0
Congress to back aid for Internet schools WASHINGTON -- Congress guaranteed the flow of Internet aid to schools and libraries and provided federal funds to upgrade emergency 911 services for calls from mobile phones in a communications bill approved Wednesday and sent to the president for his 	2
Son of  #39;Iron Lady #39; a coup plotter? Former British PM Margaret Thatcher #39;s son arrested in South Africa for possible connection to alleged coup plot. After numerous rumors and allegations linking him to a plan to overthrow the leader of oil-rich 	0
Arafat does not have leukaemia: official report PARIS, Nov 2 (AFP) - The first official medical report on the Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat has confirmed that he does not have leukaemia, the Palestinian representative in France Leila Shahid said Tuesday.	0
UK expertise 'at risk from cuts' Gordon Brown's Whitehall cuts risk damaging the UK's ability to deal with key scientific problems, a trade union says.	3
Philippines storm kills 350 At least 350 people have died after a tropical storm triggered landslides and flash floods in the eastern Philippines, still reeling from last week #39;s typhoon, report agencies.	0
Al Qaeda Using Militants Against Musharraf  KARACHI (Reuters) - Osama bin Laden's al Qaeda appears to  be using established militant groups and small cells for bloody  attacks in Pakistan aimed at destabilizing President Pervez  Musharraf and thus the wider war on terror, analysts say.	0
Nintendo DS plays music and video Nintendo is making a media add-on for its DS game console that will let it play music and video.	3
Sun to drive Mustang as future release of Java Fresh from introducing a major upgrade to the Java platform, Sun Microsystems officials on Thursday revealed some details of the next release of Java, code-named Mustang and expected in Spring 2006.	3
Open Source Solaris Stalls If you were expecting a sneak peak of an open source Solaris or to buy the new commercial version next week, don #39;t hold your breath.	3
Roundup: Abuja talks, winding road for peace in Darfur LAGOS, Sept. 6 (Xinhuanetby Dai Adi, Lin Xiaochun) -- The road to sustainable peace in war-ravaged Darfur region, western Sudan, might be a long and tortuous one as the on-going African Union (AU)-sponsored 	0
UPDATE 1-Founders of PBHG funds settle market timing case The founders of the PBHG mutual funds agreed to pay \$160 million in restitution and civil fines, and to accept a lifetime ban from the securities industry to resolve allegations they facilitated improper trading in the funds 	2
Serbian president survives apparent attempt on his life BELGRADE (AFP) - Pro-West Serbian President Boris Tadic vowed to press ahead with his reform programme after surviving what his office described as a possible assassination attempt on one of Belgrade #39;s busiest streets.	0
Delta Auditor Concerned About Airline  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DAL.N&lt;/A&gt; said on  Wednesday its auditors have expressed doubt about the airline's  financial viability.	2
Troubled retailers Sears, Kmart merge Two battered icons of the American shopping landscape, Kmart and Sears, yesterday announced an \$11 billion merger that will create the nation #39;s third largest retailer, with 3,500 stores.	2
Cheney: New Jersey 'Moving Toward' GOP (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney hammered away at familiar themes in a visit to New Jersey Monday, portraying Democrat Sen. John Kerry as indecisive in a speech to a couple of thousand Republican faithful.	0
Rolen finds sweet spot at just the right time The day after Scott Rolen slugged a two-run home run to help St. Louis beat the Houston Astros in Game 7 of the National League Championship Series, he was asked to reflect on his first trip to the World Series. But like many Cardinals, the question prompted him to look back. Way back.	1
India seeks formal proposal on J amp;K India has expressed its readiness to look at Pakistan #39;s President Pervez Musharraf #39;s recent informal formula for resolving the Kashmir issue if it is formally proposed by Islamabad.	0
Trend Micro offers new mobile security for PDA and smartphones Trend Micro, Inc. has announced the Trend Micro Mobile Security, an antivirus and anti-spam protection for SMS messaging customers using smartphones and PDAs.	3
Kerry Lays Out Plan for Peace in Iraq NEW YORK - Sen. John Kerry said Monday that President Bush's invasion of Iraq has created a crisis that could lead to unending war and raises questions about whether Bush's judgment is up to presidential standards...	0
Cleveland Says Debate Boost to Economy (AP) AP - The decorative banners were red, white and blue, but Tuesday's debate between Vice President Dick Cheney and Sen. John Edwards have local officials seeing green  #151; as in 20 million greenbacks.	0
Dodgers say Bradley won #39;t be disciplined Los Angeles outfielder Milton Bradley won #39;t be discplined by the Dodgers for a clubhouse confrontation with a reporter he called an  quot;Uncle Tom.	1
UK #39;s Blair Loses Key Minister Ahead of Election Top British government minister David Blunkett resigned on Wednesday over a charge of abuse of office, ripping a hole in Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s 	0
States get 3 years for NIMS State and local leaders have three years to establish and implement systems and practices needed to ensure seamless response to emergencies and incidents or else federal grants will be withheld, Homeland Security Department officials said this month.	3
England, Germany Win Cup Qualifying Preps (AP) AP - Looking to rebound after poor showings in Euro 2004, England and Germany won tuneup games Wednesday in preparation for qualifiers for the 2006 World Cup.	1
Sparks survive Storm surge in regular-season finale In a possible Western Conference finals preview, Nikki Teasley scored 21 points to lead the Sparks past the Seattle Storm 83-80 in the regular-season finale Saturday night.	1
Ontario fund buying Alliance Laundry for \$450 mln Alliance Laundry Holdings, a commercial laundry equipment manufacturer, said its controlling shareholder Bain Capital agreed to sell the company to Teachers #39; Private Capital for about \$450 million.	2
Mitsubishi Motors, Merrill Lynch tie up over US auto loans TOKYO : Troubled Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors Corp. will tie up with Merrill Lynch and Co. in North American financing operations as part of its business rehabilitation efforts.	2
Phillies win again despite Michaels #39; homer gaffe The Philadelphia Phillies are clinging to their slim playoff hopes even if they #39;re having trouble hanging onto fly balls. Center fielder Jason Michaels accidentally knocked Charles Thomas #39; drive over the fence 	1
Colleges approach Windows service pack warily College students returning to school this fall will find that many of their information systems departments - like business operations - are taking a go-slow approach to Microsoft #39;s big anti-hacker upgrade, Windows Service Pack 2.	3
China #39;s racing drivers closing on Formula One The dream of watching the Formula One Grand Prix with their own eyes on their home circuit has been realized as the F1 Chinese Grand Prix makes its China debut here on Sunday.	1
Weak exports, consumption take toll on South Korea's economy (AFP) AFP - South Korea's economy achieved lower-than-expected growth in the three months to September as domestic demand failed to pick up the slack from weakening exports.	2
German investor confidence surges BERLIN - German investor confidence posted a surprise jump in December as relief over falling oil prices helped to offset concerns about the impact of a surging euro on growth in Europe #39;s biggest economy.	0
Winter Break Starts With Bayern Ahead Only in the game #39;s final seconds was Bayern Munich able to secure its place at the top of the Bundesliga table. The Bavarians tied 2-2 at home against Stuttgart in the last game before the winter break.	1
Brazil's Vasp Airline to Face Bankruptcy Two Brazilian subsidiaries of General Electric Co. that provide maintenance services to financially troubled airline Vasp are calling for the bankruptcy of Brazil's fourth-largest airline.	0
Marshall Holds Off Miami, Ohio 33-25 (AP) AP - Stan Hill threw three touchdown passes and Marshall held off a late rally to beat Miami, Ohio 33-25 Wednesday night.	1
Nextel, Sprint  Close to  Merger (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Nextel Communications Inc. and Sprint Corp. reached a tentative agreement to merge, a deal that would create the nation's third-biggest mobile-phone company and could bring significant changes to Nextel's Reston headquarters.	3
Lloyds TSB adds 110m to reserves for policies The new reserves come on top of 300 million earmarked last year to pay compensation for failing endowment policies and mis-sold precipice bonds.	2
Conviction of American in Peru Upheld (AP) AP - The Inter-American Court of Human Rights has upheld the conviction of an American woman imprisoned in Peru for terrorist collaboration with Marxist guerrillas, President Alejandro Toledo confirmed Thursday.	0
Fox fires Mexico City police chief Vicente Fox, Mexico #39;s president, on Monday fired Mexico City #39;s police chief and the commissioner of the federal police force charged with crime prevention, in response to the 	0
A #39;s are down Angels take opener, lead in the West One member of the Big Three is done for the regular season, with Mark Mulder #39;s nightmarish second half ending in a whimper, his night over after a ragged second inning.	1
Heikki Kovalainen looses ground in Estoril The Finnish driver has had a disappointing weekend in Estoril: he finished 13th and 3rd However, he keeps the lead in the championship.	1
LJUBICIC EDGES THROUGH Croatian Ivan Ljubicic rifled down 27 aces as he progressed to the semi-final of the Madrid Masters, by beating seventh seed Joaquin Johansson by two sets to one on Friday.	1
Citigroup Scandal Leads Banks Lower Citigroup Inc. led shares of financial services stocks lower Monday after Japanese regulators ordered the company to close down its private-banking operations, a move that triggered a downgrade from a major Wall Street brokerage.	2
Intel upgrades sales forecast After putting a dreary October spin on its prospects for the final three months of the year, Intel allowed Thursday that Christmas may come to techdom after all.	2
Three's The Charm? Tom Lehma's 5-under 67 on Saturday leaves him tied for the Funai Classic lead as he gets a third chance in as many weeks to end a five-year winning drought.	1
Intel having a hard time competing with AMD Recent months have seen AMD taking an upper hand over Intel in the chip market. And the latest news is another new indication that Intel is struggling to keep up with the pace they once spearheaded.	3
WTO Rejects U.S. Appeal on Canadian Wheat  GENEVA (Reuters) - The World Trade Organization's (WTO) top  trade court on Monday rejected a U.S. appeal against a ruling  exonerating the export policies of the Canadian Wheat Board,  diplomats and trade sources said.	2
US Air Realigns Sales, Delta Pushes Pilots Amid talk of a possible liquidation, bankrupt US Airways in recent weeks completed a reorganization that eliminated several corporate sales positions while emphasizing newer 	2
The Times Sells Its Headquarters to a Developer of Office Space Tishman Speyer Properties signed a contract Sunday night to buy the current home of The New York Times Company in Times Square for \$175 million and convert it to an office building.	2
Palace grab first win of season against 10-man Fulham Crystal Palace notched their first Premier League win of the season with a 2-0 victory on Monday over London rivals Fulham, who played for all but the first six minutes with 10 men.	1
Questions to ask about low-priced PCs Poverty can be quite educational. When you've got only so much money to spend, you'll think carefully about the goods you're buying.	2
Oracle Shares Gain Amid Tech Decline (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of software maker Oracle Corp.\ rose as much as 8 percent in early trading on\Wednesday, a day after the company posted strong quarterly\profit fueled by steady demand for its flagship database\products.	3
Nation #39;s Cotton Crop May Exceed Records This year #39;s cotton crop is on pace to be the largest in US history, although hurricanes that have battered the nation in the past few months may reduce the final amount.	2
Charitable Donation Rules Are Changing The new tax act adds some complications to contribution requirements.	2
Saudi Vows to Keep Spare Capacity Top world oil exporter Saudi Arabia vowed on Sunday to maintain a cushion of spare supplies of up to 2 million barrels per day (bpd) to meet future demand growth.	2
Dollar Continues Slide Vs Euro (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar slid back toward last week's\record low against the euro on Monday after a weekend meeting\of world finance chiefs ended with no agreement to stem the\greenback's decline.	2
Funk Ends 6-Year Drought With Win at SFB (AP) AP - Fred Funk birdied the final hole to finish off a final-round 6-under 66 and win the Southern Farm Bureau Classic by a stroke Sunday, his first PGA Tour victory in six years.	1
Unisys joins Open Source Development Labs  The decision follows other moves by the IT services and hardware vendor  to embrace LInux.	3
No Gold for Phelps As Relay Team Falters ATHENS, Greece - Mark Spitz can rest easy. The best Michael Phelps can do is win seven gold medals at these Olympics...	0
Time Warner in Proposed Settlement with SEC NEW YORK, December 16: In addition to its \$210 million settlement with the Department of Justice over securities fraud at America Online, Time Warner has reached a proposed settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a further \$300 million 	2
US recovery  #39;not helping workers #39; Many working families still feel no benefit from the US economic recovery, the Economic Policy Institute says. While business is improving, average wages have fallen, job satisfaction has declined and the 	2
Intel Cancels Top-Speed Pentium 4 Chip Intel Corp. on Thursday canceled plans to introduce its highest-speed Pentium 4 chip\for desktop computers, marking another in a string of unexpected product changes, cancellations and recalls at the world's largest computer chip maker.	3
Faulty parachute linked to Genesis crash NASA says a poorly designed parachute is the likely reason its space probe, Genesis, came crashing back to earth last week, losing much of its cargo of solar dust.	3
Live: Sri Lanka v Zimbabwe Sri Lanka made a breakthrough with two quick wickets to leave struggling Zimbabwe on 47-3 at The Oval. After Upul Chandana #39;s superb catch of Brendan Taylor in the 13th over, Mahela Jayawardene then caught 	1
No. 2 Okla. Outguns No. 22 Texas A M 42-35 (AP) AP - Jason White threw five touchdown passes, including the decisive one with 6:43 left, and the second-ranked Oklahoma Sooners overcame Texas A amp;M's explosive offense and special teams trickery for a 42-35 victory Saturday.	1
Yangon assures turning off NE terror tap NEW DELHI, OCTOBER 25: Stopping short of a commitment on joint operations to weed out North-East insurgent camps from its territory, Myanmar today indicated it was more in favour of a co-ordinated approach through which specific information 	0
Retailers ask: Why wait? It's only Thanksgiving, but Sara Taggart already feels behind on her Christmas shopping.	2
Israel bars entry Palestinian trainees to Egypt Israel on Saturday denied entry to Egypt to a first batch of 85 Palestinian security personnel due to receive training in readiness for a planned Israeli pullout from the Gaza Strip, Egyptian border police told the French AFP news agency.	0
Ryder Cup: Europe Takes Early Control  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - Inspired by a  brilliant putting display in overcast conditions at Oakland  Hills, Europe led the United States in three of the four  opening fourball matches at the 35th Ryder Cup on Friday.	1
Argentina vs. Tunisia in Confederations Cup opener Argentina will play African champion Tunisia at Cologne on June 15 in the opener of the Confederations Cup, which Germany will use to prepare for hosting the 2006 World Cup.	1
Russian defense chief reserves right to conduct preemptive strikes Defense Minister Sergei Ivanov on Friday emphasized Russias right to conduct preventive strikes against terrorists anywhere across the globe, suggesting it has become common 	0
Racist Taunts in Spain Fans taunt black players on England's team Wednesday night during Spain's 1-0 victory in an exhibition game.	1
Annan asks traditional leaders to UN efforts to restore calm in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; 29 October 2004 - Reacting to an upsurge of violence and disturbances in Liberia #39;s capital, Monrovia, Secretary-General Kofi Annan today called on the local leaders there to lend their support to United Nations efforts to restore calm.	0
Navy Report Backs Kerry Role in Incident (AP) AP - A Navy report filed five days after a disputed incident in Vietnam supports John Kerry's version and contradicts critics who say the Democratic presidential nominee never came under enemy gunfire when he won two medals.	0
NFL shouldn #39;t get a pass on naked lady stunt The decision makers at ABC are pretty much beyond embarrassment, particularly given the fact that the locker room romp was designed to promote a show called  quot;Desperate Housewives.	1
Hamilton Fired by Team Olympic gold medalist Tyler Hamilton's pro cycling team fired him after he failed doping tests, the sport's world governing body said Tuesday.	1
Lazard Asks Partners to Take Pay Cut, People Say (Update2) Bruce Wasserstein, head of Lazard LLC, is asking partners to take a one-third pay cut as he readies the world #39;s largest closely held investment bank for a share sale, people familiar with the situation said.	2
California Backs Merger of 2 Giant Blue Cross Plans Anthem and Wellpoint Health Networks finally won approval from Californias insurance commissioner for their \$16.4 billion merger.	2
Houston On Bench As Knicks Lose Late Allan Houston made his season debut for the Knicks, and although his comeback was successful enough, the night was not.	1
Militants Behead Three in Afghan South - Official  SPIN BOLDAK, Afghanistan (Reuters) - Suspected Taliban  militants beheaded three Afghan soldiers in the troubled  southern province of Zabul over the weekend in the latest  pre-election violence, an official said Monday.	0
It's Final: No WiFi In "Grantsdale" Chipset (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Intel Corp. has decided not to enable the wireless access-point functionality in its Intel 915/925X "Grantsdale" chipset, a company spokesman confirmed Friday afternoon.	3
Pinkel suspends Tigers #39; top running back COLUMBIA, Mo. - Missouri coach Gary Pinkel announced Monday that he has indefinitely suspended starting running back Damien Nash for violating team rules.	1
Scary fall ends skate meet World champion pairs skater Tatiana Totmianina of Russia was in good condition late Saturday after falling headfirst onto the ice during the free skate at Skate America in Pittsburgh.	1
National pride buoys underdog Finns for final TORONTO - Signs of national pride were laid out carefully across Finland #39;s dressing room yesterday. A pair of Finnish flags hung from the ceiling and two more were fastened to the walls.	1
American beefs up Dallas/Fort Worth service NEW YORK (DowJonesAP) - AMR Corp. announced Friday it will boost its presence at its hub in Dallas-Fort Worth by 10, days before rival Delta Air Lines Inc.	2
Advancis Loses Partnership With Brits GlaxoSmithKline's decision not to partner up is a setback to Advancis' plans to redevelop some commonly prescribed oral antibiotics to perform more efficiently. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	2
IBM reaches pension accord IBM said Wednesday it had agreed to pay \$320 million to its employees to settle in part a class-action lawsuit over its pension plan in a case that will affect millions of workers at many companies and nonprofits.	2
Court Rejects Movie, Music Makers #39; Piracy Claims LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A federal appeals court on Thursday delivered a stinging blow to the anti-piracy efforts of major movie studios and music companies, ruling that several online file-sharing software companies are not liable for ...	2
Halliburton: Court Clears Asbestos Deal  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday said  a federal court had signed an order that would end the  company's asbestos liability later this month, clearing another  hurdle for two of its subsidiaries to emerge from bankruptcy.	2
Rich Red Devils Fan May Scupper Glazer Manchester United fans attempts to stave off a threatened takeover by American businessman Malcolm Glazer have received a substantial boost.	1
AP Newsbreak: Yushchenko Poisoned by TCDD (AP) AP - Ukrainian opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko was poisoned by TCDD, the most harmful known form of dioxin and a key ingredient of the Vietnam-era herbicide Agent Orange, the scientist who conducted tests on the presidential candidate's blood said Friday.	3
Plummer thrives in conservative attack Novembers are defining months in the Mile High City. It #39;s around the time of year when Super Bowl teams gather confidence for the stretch run.	1
NTT DoCoMo, mmO2 to  #39;partner #39; on UK i-mode British mobile phone network O2 will launch an i-mode service next year after licensing the technology from Japanese telco NTT DoCoMo, newspaper reports have claimed.	3
Computers 'do not boost learning' Internet access does not make adults more likely to take part in formal education, research suggests.	3
Jackson Acknowledges Settling Past Claims LOS ANGELES - Michael Jackson, facing child-molestation allegations, acknowledged he has reached financial settlements with people in the past to avoid the embarrassment of going to court, but added he would never harm a child.    The six-paragraph statement was released hours before "Dateline NBC" broadcast a lengthy report alleging that the entertainer paid \$2 million to the son of an employee at his Neverland Ranch in 1990 to avoid a child-molestation accusation...	0
No strings attached - but where #39;s the catch? SOMETIMES even the largest technology companies act as if their chief scientist or head of marketing has gone to town with a cow and traded it for a bean.	3
Bankrolling Stem-Cell Research with California Dollars  quot;The only possible source for adequate support of our medical schools and medical research is the taxing power of the Federal Government.	3
Dollar Sticks Near Lows  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar stayed in sight of historic  lows against the euro on Friday as traders braced for a meeting  of G20 finance ministers that is not expected to act against  the dollar's weakness.	2
Dutch nationality for Anne Frank  #39;tactless #39; AMSTERDAM - Posthumously awarding Dutch nationality to German-born diarist Anne Frank would be tactless, a spokesman for the Dutch Institute for War Documentation (NIOD) said on Monday.	0
Clemens gives the Astros a liftoff HOUSTON -- The St. Louis Cardinals captured the first two games of the National League Championship Series in dramatic fashion, yet at no time did the Houston Astros appear concerned. They insisted once they returned home their fortunes would change. So far, so good.	1
Cuba Releases at Least Four Dissidents (AP) AP - At least four of 75 Cuban dissidents arrested in a broad crackdown last year were released Monday without warning, friends, relatives and local rights activists said. The surprise move raised hopes for additional releases in the coming days.	0
Intense Campaign Down To the Wire in Ukraine Viktor Yushchenko, the leading opposition candidate for the presidency of Ukraine, planned to hold a rally on Tuesday in a central square in this small city.	0
Score one against activism? The removal of the president of California #39;s largest public pension fund has raised questions about whether pension funds, endowments and other big activist investors can keep wielding clout in corporate governance campaigns.	2
Constitution signing a springboard for Prodi #39;s return to Italy The signing of the European Constitution on Friday by the leaders of the 25 EU members will not only crown Romano Prodi #39;s five years as European Commission president but propel him into the political fray in his native Italy.	0
European Union Extends Microsoft-Time Warner Review BRUSSELS, Belgium (AP) -- European antitrust regulators said Monday they have extended their review of a deal between Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) and Time Warner Inc...	3
Search Engine Inclusion Techniques on Google Search Engine Inclusion Techniques on Google   \\Over the years of its existence Google gained a well-deserved reputation as the top choice for internet users. Providing a comprehensive coverage of the web and returning searched queries with great relevancy in less than a second, Google certainly is the internet rsquo;s ...	3
Cingular to use AT amp;T brand six months after merger Cingular Wireless LLC, AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. and AT amp;T Corp. reported an agreement resolving issues related to the use of the AT amp;T brand in connection with Cingulars pending acquisition of AWS, as 	3
UPDATE 1-Blackburn chance too good to miss, says Hughes New Blackburn Rovers manager Mark Hughes says the chance to take over at the Premier League club was simply too good to pass up. Appointed late on Wednesday, the Wales 	1
Sudan dismisses UN Security Council ultimatum on Darfur (AFP) AFP - Sudan will ignore a UN Security Council deadline to end militia attacks in Darfur by the end of the month and instead resolve the crisis through African Union peace talks, Khartoum's chief negotiator said.	0
Cardinals Outgun Tigers Eric Shelton scores his fourth touchdown from one yard out with 37 seconds left, and No. 14 Louisville holds off Memphis, 56-49, Thursday night.	1
Second Bomb Injures 9 in Thai South - Witnesses (Reuters) Reuters - A second bomb exploded near a food\stall in southern Thailand on Friday, wounding at least nine\members of a bomb squad investigating an earlier blast that\wounded four people.	0
 quot;Blog quot; heads top 10 words of year Editors of Merriam-Webster announced the most requested definition on the company #39;s Internet sites during 2004 was a four-letter word -- BLOG.	3
At White House, harder line with Putin considered WASHINGTON -- A debate is brewing at the highest levels of the Bush administration over whether to adopt a tougher stance toward Russia and its president, Vladimir Putin, who has systematically rolled back democratic freedoms and tried to snuff out democracy in weak neighboring states with little American opposition, according to US officials and policy analysts.	0
Clemson and South Carolina Will Turn Down Bids Clemson and South Carolina will turn down bids to play in postseason bowl games after both teams fought during their game on Saturday.	1
Billups, Pistons fill it up vs. Mavericks Chauncey Billups tied his season high with 24 points and Richard Hamilton scored 13 of his 19 in the third quarter, helping the Detroit Pistons pull away from the Mavericks and post a 101-85 victory last night in Dallas.	1
FBI Charges Hacker With Selling Stolen Windows Source Code A Connecticut man was arrested Tuesday by the FBI and charged with selling stolen source code of Windows NT and Windows 2000. William P. Genovese, 27, of Meriden, Conn.	3
UHND.com - Frank Vitovitch Notre Dame, Ind (UHND) - It didnt take Charlie Weis to let people know his expectations at Notre Dame. Half way through his Monday morning press conference where he was introduced as the 28th head coach 	1
Omega Buys Two Firms, Raises \$285 Million  NAZARETH, Belgium (Reuters) - Belgian drugs distributor  Omega Pharma boosted its presence in Italy and Scandinavia on  Friday, buying two local firms after raising \$285 million in  debt finance in the United States.	2
Briton #39;s Kidnappers  #39;Negotiating with Afghan Government #39; A militant group threatening to kill three United Nations hostages including a British woman said today it was talking to the Afghan government about its demand to free Taliban prisoners.	0
Elections ensure Australia will keep troops in Iraq (Sydney, Australia-AP) Oct. 9, 2004 - Australian Prime Minister John Howard has claimed victory in national elections. The vote will ensure the country keeps its troops in Iraq.	0
Camera phones threat to privacy A human rights group has suggested a mandatory flash on camera mobiles would counter illicit photography.	3
FDA to e-track popular drugs The Food and Drug Administration launched an effort this week to use radio frequency identification technology to track the nation #39;s drug supply from manufacturer to pharmacy to reduce counterfeiting.	3
Fighting Blocks Aid Workers In Darfur From Reaching 100,000 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The United Nations says fighting and other strife is preventing aid workers from reaching 100-thousand people in Darfur who need help.	0
Gold Fields picks up US support against Harmony JOHANNESBURG (Mineweb.com) -- CE Ian Cockerill unveiled Gold Fields defence document on Wednesday, lacing it with barbed remarks aimed at Harmony, its CE Bernard Swanepoel and the claims he made when launching a takeover bid promoted as designed to 	2
PalmOne Eyes Mobile E-Mail Deal with Microsoft will allow users to access e-mail without third-party software.	3
No word on trapped China miners About 166 miners remain trapped deep in a mine in central China, with all communications lost.	0
AMD Tweaks Intel with PR Coup In a move as predictable as the sun rising in the east, AMD drew a PR bead on Intel last week and managed to get a small bottle of ink spilled over how it had showed off a dual-core x86 90nm Opteron at its facilities in Austin, Texas on Tuesday.	3
SunGard to spin off disaster unit SunGard, which provides software and services to top financial companies, will spin off its disaster data recovery business into a separate publicly traded company through a tax-free distribution of shares, according to executives.	2
Microsoft Preps Five Windows Patches Microsoft #39;s monthly patch day for December will produce security updates for five vulnerabilities affecting Windows users, the company said Thursday.	3
Rangers top Bosox, ending streak at 10 The Red Sox lost for the first time in 11 games, falling to the Texas Rangers, 8-6, yesterday and missing a chance to pull within 1 1/2 games of the Yankees in the AL East.	1
Boxing: Hopkins fighting for place among greats If Bernard Hopkins beats Oscar De La Hoya in what should be the richest non-heavyweight fight in history early on Sunday, he will cement his place among the great middleweights of all time.	1
Stocks Gain After Fed Raises Rates  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks rose on Tuesday after the  Federal Reserve said the economy was regaining some momentum  and raised interest rates for the third time this year.	2
Ortiz double breaks it open They once again escaped with a victory in a game that had the same type of tension that marked the last time they played at Network Associates Coliseum, the home of the always formidable Oakland Athletics.	1
PDA Sales Continue to Drop (PC World) PC World - Consumers are giving PDAs the hand as they move toward smart phones.	3
Multiplex May Miss Contracts Should Westfield Buy Chelsfield Multiplex Group, an Australian construction company, may miss out on UK development contracts should Westfield Group #39;s proposal to buy property developer Chelsfield Plc succeed, Merrill Lynch  amp; Co.	2
Advertising  #39;set for tougher year #39; WPP, the world #39;s second largest advertising company, warned of an uncertain 2005 yesterday as it disclosed that its third-quarter revenues were better than analysts had expected.	2
Burundi peace poll postponed Elections in Burundi, scheduled under a peace accord to take place by 1 November, are postponed.	0
Deserter free after 40 years Tokyo - US army deserter Charles Jenkins, who spent nearly four decades in North Korea, finally saw freedom on Tuesday as he left a US base with his Japanese wife for a new home on a small island north of Tokyo.	0
Norwegians finish 1-2 at biathlon World Cup CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Five-time Olympic biathlon champion Ole Einar Bjorndalen of Norway may have been absent from a World Cup event Wednesday, but his fellow countrymen Stian Eckhoff and Frode Andresen were there to pick up the slack.	1
Crying Games again for Paula DEVASTATED Paula Radcliffe was led out of the ancient Panathinaiko Stadium with only tears for souvenirs as her Olympic dream lay in tatters on an Athens roadside.	1
NBA Game Recap Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Kevin Garnett registered 20 points, 17 rebounds and nine assists to lead the Minnesota Timberwolves past the Houston Rockets, 96-91, at the Toyota Center.	1
Indymedia Server Raided by FBI The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. Nobody #39;s exactly sure why or how the FBI got warrants to take Indymedia #39;s HDs, but their 	3
Burress Out for Sunday Showdown with Jets  PITTSBURGH (Sports Network) - Steelers wide receiver  Plaxico Burress' injured hamstring will keep him out for a  third straight game when Pittsburgh welcomes the New York Jets  to town Sunday.	1
An Artist's Junkyard of Dreams To first-time viewers, the 50-foot-high Forevertron might look like nothing more than 320 tons of towering scrap metal. But its creator says it's also an antigravity machine designed to propel him to the heavens. Michelle Delio reports from Prairie du Sac, Wisconsin.	3
Nokia Widens Storage with SD Cards Timo Poikolainen, vice president of technology marketing at Nokia, said  quot;This is a natural step in our digital convergence strategy to adopt leading technologies to launch new, compelling mobile devices and services.	3
Hi-tech thieves target businesses Hi-tech criminals are stealing key business data and ransoming it back to the firms they stole it from, say police.	3
Aziz briefs Pakistani officials Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz is briefing top Pakistani officials of his talks with India #39;s premier on Kashmir. A meeting of the country #39;s national security council, comprising military and political leaders, is under way in the capital Islamabad.	0
Middlesbrough Football Club boss hails perfect team Steve McLaren was delighted with his Middlesbrough Football Club players after their 2-0 win over Lazio last night.  #39;Boro won the game 2-0 with goals in each half from Dutch international Bolo Zenden and could 	1
Owen may not partner Rooney in Wales game LONDON, 4 Oct. -- Michael Owen looks likely to miss out on partnering Wayne Rooney up front in England #39;s World Cup qualifier against Wales on Saturday.	1
Eisner #39;s challenge in court is to field tough questions Walt Disney Co. chief executive Michael Eisner acknowledged Monday that he and former company President Michael Ovitz were good friends.	2
Consumer Prices Climb; Jobless Claims Up Consumer prices barely budged in August, suggesting that inflation isn #39;t currently a problem for the economy and Federal Reserve policy-makers can stick with a gradual approach to raising interest rates.	2
UN warns of Sudan refugee exodus Some 30,000 Sudanese refugees might cross into Chad to escape persecution by Arab militia, the UN warns.	0
Apple fans abuzz over new iMac Company maintains its famous veil of secrecy as faithful speculate about possible designs.	3
UPDATE: US Investigating Tommy Hilfiger On Commissions NEW YORK (Dow Jones)--Tommy Hilfiger Corp. (TOM) said a federal grand jury is investigating whether its US subsidiary has been inappropriately shifting 	2
Winn-Dixie Ousts CEO Frank Lazaran Struggling grocery giant Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. forced out president and chief executive Frank Lazaran on Friday and named Peter L. Lynch, a former Albertsons Inc.	2
Bin Laden tape put online A new audiotape purportedly from Osama bin Laden was put on the internet yesterday, praising gunmen who attacked a US consulate in Saudi Arabia last week and blaming the royal family for unrest in the kingdom.	0
Baby Bells See Rivals Taking Fewer Phones &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Justin Hyde&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three of the nation's dominant local\telephone companies said on Thursday that they had seen a sharp\drop-off in new residential lines leased to competitors since\AT T Corp. &lt;T.N&gt; announced a retreat from residential service\in July due to changing federal rules.&lt;/p&gt;	3
Europe ; Airbus Hopes for 50 Jet Orders by June Philippe Camus, co-CEO of EADS, said the A350 was part of a long-term strategy for Airbus, taking both companies #39; needs and technological progress into account.	2
Kean Leaving Drew U., No N.J. Run Planned (AP) AP - The chairman of the Sept. 11 commission, former New Jersey Gov. Thomas H. Kean, will retire as president of Drew University in the spring, the school announced Thursday. Kean will have spent 15 years at the liberal arts school in Madison.	0
USOC: No way Hamm drops gold US Olympic Committee officials angrily denounced gymnastics international federation for sending a letter to Olympic gold medalist Paul Hamm asking him 	1
NRIs hope for positive Mush-Manmohan meet Indians living in the US are hoping for positive results after Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf meets Indian Prime Minister Dr.	0
Merck Announces Withdrawal of Vioxx Painkiller Merck said it voluntarily pulled the drug after new data from a clinical trial found an increased risk of heart attack and stroke.	0
Cavs 4-0 Heading Into Meat of Schedule (AP) AP - When he resigned as coach of the New York Jets to take over his alma mater nearly four years ago, Al Groh made it clear very quickly that he planned to change the culture of Virginia football.	1
Standardize airport security standards The two Chechen suicide bombers who brought down two Russian passenger jets at the same time Aug. 24 gained access through petty bribes at Moscow #39;s airport, Russia #39;s top prosecutor said Wednesday.	0
Shearer leads way as big guns book group stage places MOST of the big names, including the Alan Shearer-inspired Newcastle United, progressed safely to the new group stage of the UEFA Cup after a frantic nights action last night, although Parma and Real Zaragoza cut it fine.	1
Iraqis Blame U.S. for Massacre of Children BAGHDAD, Iraq - Families of the 35 children who died in a string of bombings in Baghdad blamed American troops for the tragedy, accusing them of attracting insurgents to a ceremony where the attacks occurred.    By Friday, tents had sprung up in the el-Amel neighborhood in Baghdad to accommodate mourners who gathered to share their grief from the Thursday attack...	0
Soccer: Even if Hong Kong helps, China #39;s world may end Brazil #39;s champions are being flown from Europe to compete at high altitude in Ecuador without acclimatization. Iraq is competing against the Palestinian team.	1
Talking turkey: Bears #39; loss really offensive IRVING, Texas -- The Bears broke out throwback uniforms from their 1946 championship season for a national-television audience, but their offense remained stuck in the present.	1
Italian Appliance Maker Cuts Outlook  MILAN, Italy (Reuters) - Merloni shares fell more than 10  percent on Friday after the Italian home appliance maker cut  its 2004 profit forecast, blaming weak demand and high prices  for steel and oil.	2
Rbot virus spies on surfers A new worm has been discovered in the wild that #39;s not just settling for invading users #39; PCs - it wants to invade their homes too.	3
Ballmer: Windows TCO the way to go In the face of growing competition from Linux, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer delivered a four-page memo to customers on Wednesday outlining the economic and security advantages Windows has over Linux, the potential dangers of open source involving indemnification, and the intent to aggressively convince Unix shops to migrate to Windows.	3
Youngsters keep up with Joneses A month ago, the US national team was on the verge of a shocking defeat in Panama City. Now, as the US prepares for a rematch with Panama at RFK Stadium tomorrow night, the team has nearly clinched a berth in the final round of World Cup qualifying.	1
Namibians cast votes in presidential election Namibians lined up in front of polling stations in capital Windhoek on Monday, casting their votes to choose a new president and parliament for the country, with the ruling 	0
Maryland football: Terps stun fifth-ranked Florida State As the Boston Red Sox buried decades of futility and anguish this week, the Maryland football program has slain its own mighty dragon.	1
Finding the Right Balance Between Power and Weight Electronics manufacturers are designing products that are smaller and lighter, yet offering more and more gadgets that travelers feel compelled to take with them.	3
Japanese Lunar Probe Mission Facing Delays TOKYO (AP) -- A lunar orbiter that Japan had planned to launch this year could face further delays, possibly until next year or later, because of a funding shortfall and problems developing the probe's information-gathering capabilities, Japan's space agency said Wednesday.    The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, or JAXA, released a report to a government-run commission explaining expected delays to the launch of the \$135 million Lunar-A probe...	3
Bombardier being wooed to move to US MONTREAL - There are reports Bombardier Aerospace is being courted by at least three midwest American states that want to see the Montreal-based company transferred to the United States.	2
FTC lets 3G be THE US FTC has set aside more spectrum for third-generation cell phone calls and wireless. An additional 20 megahertz previously used by unlicensed personal communications services and mobile satellite services has been handed over to the new technology.	3
Apollo's Apple Learning institutions have cooled off lately, but Apollo Group remains upbeat about the future.	2
Cuba and Panama restore ties Cuba and Panama agree to restore ties after having talks on the sidelines of the Ibero-American summit.	0
Stocks Rise; Nasdaq, S P at 3-Month Highs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks rose sharply on Friday in heavy  trading as software company PeopleSoft Inc. and chip-related  stocks boosted the Nasdaq and Standard   Poor's 500 indexes to  their highest closes in about three months.	2
Philippines Deploys Trucks as Transport Strike Cripples Country The Philippine government deployed trucks and vans to carry thousands of stranded commuters to work as bus and jeepney drivers went on strike to protest rising fuel prices, crippling Manila and other parts of the country.	2
APEC helps Chile deepen ties with Asia-Pacific region: govt The Chilean government said Tuesday that the presidency of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum (APEC) has helped Chile to deepen relations withthe Asia-Pacific region.	0
UPDATE 1-Open-Henin loses US Open crown, top ranking Justine Henin-Hardenne #39;s reign as US Open champion and world number one came to an abrupt and surprise end when she lost 6-3 6-2 to Russian Nadia Petrova in the fourth round at Flushing Meadows on Monday.	1
Setting sights on Delgado Fresh off the Pedro Martinez signing, the Mets didn #39;t waste much time before moving on to their next order of business. A baseball official with knowledge of the team #39;s plans 	1
Annan has 'great deal to answer for' in oil for food scandal: top US senator (AFP) AFP - US Senator John McCain called for greater UN cooperation with a congressional probe of the Iraqi oil-for-food program, which he said "stinks to high heaven."	0
IBM Supports Sybase for Linux IBM has decided to extend its support for Sybase, a competing database product to its DB2 database package, to present a Linux server-software package.	3
European heavyweights give Iran last chance to come clean on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; VIENNA : Europe #39;s three heavyweight states are to give Iran a last chance prove it is not secretly developing atomic weapons, offering valuable nuclear technology as a carrot and possible UN sanctions as the stick.	0
Louisville off to 3-0 start CHAPEL HILL, N.C. -- Eric Shelton ran for three touchdowns and No. 24 Louisville earned its second shutout of the season with a 34-0 victory over North Carolina yesterday.	1
Masai, Whites and Wildlife: No Peaceable Kingdom Masai herders in Kenya have begun cutting fences and marching their livestock onto the private ranchland of white settlers, where wildlife thrives.	3
N Korea food prices 'rocket' Changes in North Korea's economy have led to spiralling food prices many people cannot afford, the UN says.	0
New CA CEO gets \$12.8-mn package NEW YORK: Computer Associates International Inc said on Wednesday it has awarded its new chief executive John Swainson a pay package totaling \$12.8 million (approx Rs 54 crore), in signing bonus, salary, stocks and options.	2
Masters organisers hold crisis meeting over withdrawals The organisers of European Masters Series tournaments will meet in Paris on Tuesday to discuss ways to curb the number of withdrawals by leading players from their events.	1
Chargers healthy returns San Diego Chargers running back LaDainian Tomlinson is officially healthy. If there was any question, look at his season high 37 carries.	1
US Company Hiring Seen Up from Year Ago The pace of hiring for US companies in the fourth quarter is expected to be consistent with the solid employment activity of the past six months, and much improved from a year ago, according to Manpower Inc.	2
Sharon vows to pursue Gaza raid Halting Palestinian rocket attacks could be crucial for Sharon #39;s plan to abandon occupied Gaza next year. Criticism has soared since a. Palestinian rocket killed two Israeli toddlers at a border town last Wednesday.	0
EMC debuts data-management software The Hopkinton data storage company EMC Corp. will roll out a set of new products today, aimed at filling out the company's  quot;information lifecycle management quot; strategy.	2
Mets Name Willie Randolph as Manager, Replacing Howe (Update1) New York Yankees bench coach Willie Randolph was hired as the New York Mets #39; manager, replacing the fired Art Howe. Randolph, 50, received his first managerial job late last night and 	1
Powell, Japanese seek ways to resolve North Korean nuclear crisis (AFP) AFP - US Secretary of State Colin Powell sought Japan's input on resolving the North Korean nuclear impasse after rejecting Pyongyang's demands to resume stalled talks on resolving the deadlock.	0
Marsh   McLennan CEO May Be Ousted - WSJ  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The outside directors of Marsh    McLennan &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt; have talked to New York's attorney general  about having its chief executive step aside amid a probe into  its business practices, the Wall Street Journal said on Friday.	2
iPods  quot;packed with pirated music quot; THAT MEEKshy and retiring Microsoft CEO, Steve Ballmer, has dared to suggest that Apple #39;s reassuringly expensive and beautiful iPods might be packed full of pirated music.	3
Polish hostage released in Iraq back home A Polish woman, who was kidnapped in Iraq last month, has been released and flown back to Poland. Teresa Borcz Khalifa, who was brought to Poland on Friday evening, appeared 	0
No Game 5 start for Schilling That could be all, folks. Barring a last-minute breakthrough, Curt Schilling may have thrown his last pitch in trying to help the Red Sox end their 86-year championship famine.	1
A Cautious Reformer as Indonesia #39;s Next President Indonesia #39;s next president, Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, moved swiftly up the military ranks during the authoritarian rule of Gen.	0
Dutch PM: EU must integrate immigrants better Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende urged the European Union to work harder on integrating ethnic minorities into European society, citing mounting tensions and a spate of reprisal attacks in his country following a murder allegedly committed by a 	0
Spurs past Sixers 88-80 The San Antonio Spurs snatched their fifth straight victory in an away game against the Philadelphia 76ers. Tim Duncan led the Spurs with a season-high 34 points and 13 rebounds, China Radio International reported Friday.	1
Mine fire kills 33 in north China province Thirty-three are dead and 61 missing after a mine fire in north China #39;s Hebei Province, Sunday. The fire began at 10:30 am Saturday in the Baita Township of Shahe, trapping 106 miners underground.	0
Rising health costs lead many consumers to cut retirement savings, survey finds A rising number of Americans say healthcare is the most critical issue facing America today, and many are having trouble covering the costs, according to a survey released yesterday.	2
Cerberus Venture Takes Over LNR in Nearly \$4B Deal NEW YORK CITY-Newly formed Riley Property Holdings LLC, which is comprised of affiliates of locally based Cerberus Capital Management LP and its real estate affiliate Blackacre Institutional Capital Management LLC, will acquire LNR Property Corp.	2
Browsers become business bugbear commentary The debate between Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer and Mozilla Firefox has intensified in recent months. Media columnists have put forth the merits of their case; an overwhelming number believe the time is right to bury Internet Explorer.	3
UPDATE 2-Tyco posts profit, outlook misses expectations Tyco International Ltd. (TYC.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday reported a quarterly profit, helped by strong demand for electronic parts and the absence of costly write-downs 	2
Caller ID Spoofing Service Debuts Star38 #39;s service disguises who is making the call but will only be sold to collection agencies, private investigators, and law-enforcement personnel.	3
Nortel delays report again TORONTO Nortel Networks, the Canadian telecommunications equipment maker, said Thursday that it was delaying yet again the release of much-anticipated financial reports but that it expected to have them ready early in the new year.	2
Israel unusually restrained after bombing Israel was reacting with uncharacteristic calm after a suicide bombing on Monday in Tel Aviv by a Palestinian teenager killed three Israelis -- a test of Israel #39;s pledge to show restraint in the wake of Palestinian President Yasser Arafat #39;s illness.	0
Jaguar to cut 1,100 jobs at plant in central England Luxury carmaker Jaguar said Friday it was stopping production at a factory in central England, resulting in a loss of 1,100 jobs, following poor sales in the key US market.	2
Tamil minister asks Tigers not to go back to war : Colombo, Nov 28 : The Sri Lankan government today asked the Tamil Tigers to work for a negotiated political settlement to the decades-old ethnic strife, a day after LTTE supremo V Prabhakaran threatened to go back to war.	0
FIFA to Discipline for Doping Sanctions (AP) AP - The soccer federations of France, Italy and the Netherlands will be disciplined by FIFA, which cited them for being lax on drug infractions.	1
On red planet of life, blue screens of death The presence of a particular type of hematite, a mineral mostly associated with water, along with large, sandy areas, indicates that the red planet once had water, said Robert Denise, a scientist at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory and a member of the flight 	3
Afghans foil  #39;catastrophic #39; attack on southern city KANDAHAR - Afghan troops foiled an attempt to blow up a fuel truck in the city of Kandahar in what the governor said could have been a  quot;catastrophic quot; attack to disrupt a landmark election.	0
Lehmann admits surprise at Arsenal axe Jens Lehmann is surprised to be considered only second choice goalkeeper at Arsenal Football Club. The German has lost his place in the Gunners line-up to Spaniard Manuel Almunia, following a string of errors between the posts.	1
Defense was up for challenge CLEVELAND -- The Patriots' defense wasn't tested much while the outcome was in doubt during a 42-15 victory over the Cleveland Browns yesterday. The Patriots allowed one first down and picked off a Luke McCown pass in taking a 14-0 lead in the first quarter.	1
House defeats FDA proposal House lawmakers yesterday killed a Senate proposal to give the Food and Drug Administration authority over the manufacture and marketing of tobacco.	2
Americans Win Nobel for Medicine STOCKHOLM, Sweden - Americans Richard Axel and Linda B. Buck have won the 2004 Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine for their work in studying the biology of the sense of smell...	0
Porsche wants to cut jobs, extend working hours (AFP) AFP - Porsche, the German maker of luxury sports cars, wants to extend working hours and cut jobs, its chairman said in a newspaper interview at a time when other car makers in Germany are also drastically reducing their workforce in an attempt to drive down costs.	0
Microsoft to show off team-development tools Ultimately, the package will compete with collaborative-development tools from IBM's Rational unit.	3
AMD, IBM extend chip-development deal Chipmaker will pay Big Blue nearly \$300 million, but move should help in competition with Intel.	3
Vodafone eyes annual savings of 2.5bn Vodafone is to cut costs by 2.5bn per year by March 2008. It will do this a combination of 1.4bn through cost-saving measures and 1.	2
Column: Modified Vintage Cars Get Hot  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Car buyers, tired of designs that roll  off the assembly line, are shifting gears to decades past.	2
Afghan kidnappers set new deadline for UN hostages (AFP) AFP - Militants threatening to kill three UN workers held hostage in Afghanistan set a fresh deadline for their demands to be met and blamed the United States for slowing up negotiations.	0
Iraq trials  #39;should be after poll #39; IRAQ #39;S justice minister said in an interview published today that the Iraqi government is rushing too quickly to try top officials of the government of Saddam Hussein.	0
Scientists Make Malaria Drug Based on Herbal Remedy Scientists have created a synthetic drug which could offer new hope in the fight against malaria. Nearly two billion people live in areas affected by malaria.	3
Scientists Say Mauna Loa Volcano May Soon Erupt KAILUA-KONA, Hawaii (AP) -- Earthquakes have been rumbling more frequently deep beneath Mauna Loa, suggesting that the world's largest volcano is getting ready to erupt for the first time in 20 years, scientists said.    "We don't believe an eruption is right around the corner, but every day that goes by is one day closer to that event," said Paul Okubo, a seismologist at the Hawaiian Volcano Observatory on the Big Island...	3
Heat Win 5th Straight, Beat Wizards 106-83 (AP) AP - Shaquille O'Neal scored a season-high 40 points, and the Miami Heat overcame the loss of leading scorer Dwyane Wade to beat the Washington Wizards 106-83 Monday night for their fifth straight win.	1
Blogger Boss to Leave Google The co-founder of Blogger, one of the original Weblogging services and now owned by Google Inc., is leaving the company by the end of the week.	3
Astros, Cards to meet in Game 7 ST. LOUIS - Like so many other riveting contests in this most magical of baseball post-seasons, last night #39;s Game 6 of the NL Championship Series was decided by a walkoff home run, sending the St.	1
Germany, Poland Fail to Resolve WWII Fight (AP) AP - Top lawmakers from Poland and Germany failed Monday to bridge differences over World War II reparations claims that are weighing on relations between the two former enemies and new European Union partners.	0
This gold tarnished Federation rules that judges #39; mistake cost S. Korea #39;s Yang a victory, but Hamm gets to keep medal. ATHENS, Greece - Paul Hamm was erroneously awarded the gold medal in the men #39;s all-around Wednesday night because 	1
Victory for Black in US court Hollinger International #39;s \$US1.25billion (\$1.7 billion) legal action alleging racketeering against former chief executive Conrad Black and businesses he controlled was dismissed by a US federal judge last Friday.	2
Oil Below \$50 on Nigerian Cease-Fire  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices slid from record highs above  \$50 a barrel Wednesday as the U.S. government reported a  surprise increase in crude stocks and rebels in Nigeria's  oil-rich delta region agreed to a preliminary cease-fire.	2
IBM Expands RFID offerings MARKHAM, Ont., Sept. 16 - IBM Canada has announced a suite of services to speed the benefits of radio frequency identification (RFID) systems to industrial companies and mid-market businesses.	3
Oil prices hit lowest level in 7 weeks Crude oil futures tumbled below \$48 a barrel yesterday, closing at their lowest level in seven weeks, on rising expectations that the US supply of transport and home-heating fuels will be adequate this winter.	2
Lethal algae discovered off coast SEATTLE -- A toxic algae bloom almost 50 km wide has been detected off the northwest coast of Washington state, the largest and most potentially lethal yet found by scientists in the region.	3
Southern California steps it up No. 1-ranked Southern California can #39;t claim perfection yet, needing to win two more games to finish 13-0 and as national champion.	1
Wal-Mart backs targets despite Ivan Retailer expects September same-store sales to be on track despite devastation of the hurricane. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc.	2
Detroit 'Royalty' Helped Establish Ryder (AP) AP - When Oakland Hills was selected as the site of the 35th Ryder Cup matches, the PGA of America chose more than one of America's golfing jewels. They selected the one-time home of the man who helped usher the competition into its present-day prominence.	1
Donnie Nelson moves to front office Avery Johnson is retiring as a player to focus on his new role as Don Nelson #39;s lead assistant, league sources told ESPN.com #39;s Marc Stein.	1
Floods Kill at Least 241 in Haiti GONAIVES, Haiti Sept. 20, 2004 - Rescuers pulled bodies from floodwaters that raged through parts of Haiti #39;s third-largest city, sweeping people from their homes and forcing survivors to spend the night 	0
Broadhurst keeps promise to wife in Madrid Paul Broadhurst #39;s wife gave him the go-ahead to play this week #39;s Madrid Open after the birth of their son a month ago -- provided he did well -- and he has responded by taking over the second round lead.	1
Iran nabs another nuclear  #39;spy #39;: reports Iran #39;s intelligence ministry has announced the arrest of a  quot;spy quot; accused of setting up a fake nuclear company as part of a bizarre international plot to damage the Islamic republic #39;s reputation, press reports said Thursday.	0
Israel continues northern Gaza offensive; six killed in nighttime &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Jewish settlers in the Gaza Strip will be removed from their homes next summer, Prime Minister Ariel Sharon pledged Thursday, and in the meantime he said Israel will broaden its military offensive there.	0
Oil price hits record on Nigeria worries Crude prices have hit record highs as Nigeria emerges as the new focus of worries about supply security on world oil markets. London Brent on the International Petroleum 	2
Shooting At Arafat Mourning Tent Gunfire erupted Sunday at the tent set up for mourners to gather in memory of Yasser Arafat, witnesses said, just after Arafat #39;s successor, Mahmoud Abbas, arrived at the site.	0
British Economic Growth Slows (AP) AP - British economic growth slowed considerably in the third quarter of 2004, hit by a poor performance from the industrial sector.	2
Cell Phones Increasingly Attractive To Hackers Early this month, several Web sites began offering software promising ringtones and screensavers for certain cell phones. But those who downloaded the software found that it turned every icon 	3
Lycos Europe  #39;spam #39; screensaver offline Lycos Europe #39;s Make Love Not Spam screensaver was unavailable Saturday following a string of bad publicity, Cnet News.com reported.	3
Hurricane losses may reach \$10bn Hurricane Frances could cause between \$2bn and \$10bn in insured losses in the US, experts predict as the storm pummels Florida.	2
In weak job market, suits make comeback NEW YORK -- The suit is back, and America's boardrooms and bars are looking smart again.	2
Castro Says He's Working Despite Injuries (AP) AP - Demonstrating he retains firm control over Cuba after fracturing his knee and arm in a fall at a public event, President Fidel Castro told of conducting government business by cellular phone during an ambulance ride and later refusing general anesthesia.	0
U.S. Officials Raid Stores, Arrest 2 in Game Piracy (Reuters) Reuters - Federal authorities raided three\Washington, D.C.-area video game stores and arrested two people\for modifying video game consoles to play pirated video games,\a video game industry group said on Wednesday.	3
Hurricanes lead to spike in jobless claims The number of Americans filing new claims for jobless benefits rose last week. The Labor Department says claims, reflecting the impact of hurricanes in Florida, increased by a seasonally adjusted 14,000 to 350,000.	2
BBC Schedules Major Cuts in Payroll, Budget LONDON, Dec. 7 -- The BBC, the world's largest public broadcasting company, announced plans Tuesday for some of the biggest budget cuts in its 82-year history, slashing at least 10 percent of its staff and more than \$620 million in annual spending.	2
More French Troops Are Sent to Ivory Coast as Violence Flares France sent 600 more troops to Ivory Coast's commercial capital, Abijan, as mobs rampaged against French expatriates.	0
Powell calls off Athens visit after protests Colin Powell, the US Secretary of State, cancelled a weekend visit to attend the closing ceremony of the Olympics, prompting Greek Communists to claim it as a victory for anti-American protests.	1
China #39;s Zhang a gold medalist again in table tennis Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - China #39;s Zhang Yining, already a gold medalist here with doubles partner Wang Nan, won the women #39;s singles title Sunday with a four-set victory over Hyang Mi Kim of North Korea.	1
Summer growth carries economy The economy grew at an annual rate of 3.7 percent in the summer as a big rebound in auto sales offset weakness from an exploding trade deficit, soaring oil prices and the Florida hurricanes, the government reported Friday.	2
Oracle Ups Its Offer and Buys PeopleSoft for \$10.3 Billion The acquisition will elevate No.3-ranked Oracle to No.2, behind SAP of Germany, the world's biggest maker of business-management software.	2
Basketball: Canada #39;s Nash makes triumphant NBA return to Dallas DALLAS, United States : Steve Nash reminded the Dallas Mavericks how impressive a National Basketball Association player he can be, scoring 17 points and adding 18 assists to lead Phoenix in a 107-101 triumph here.	1
Eagles Beat Ravens 26-17 but Lose Runner (AP) AP - Terrell Owens caught Donovan McNabb's long pass in stride, raced into the end zone, put his hands on his hips, stared at the crowd and nodded his head.	1
U.S. Added 96,000 Jobs in September, Fewer Than Expected The unemployment rate remained unchanged at 5.4 percent. The figures are expected to sharpen a presidential debate on domestic policy set for tonight.	2
Robson back at West Brom as coach Birmingham, England (Sports Network) - West Bromwich Albion hired former player Bryan Robson to be their new head coach Tuesday. Robson, 47, began his playing career with West Brom in 1974 and made 249 appearances for the club.	1
Bunning: We may need to tackle steroids US Sen. Jim Bunning said Tuesday night that he expects Congress to have to get involved to resolve Major League Baseball #39;s steroid crisis.	1
Google shares surge in first day after IPO price cut NEW YORK, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- Shares of Google Inc. closed sharply higher Thursday on their first day of trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market after the company cut its IPO (initial public offering) price Wednesday. 	2
Glazer raises stake in Man United US sports tycoon Malcolm Glazer has raised his stake in Manchester United for the second time in three days. Mr Glazer spent 17m (\$31m) on another six million shares on Monday to lift his holding in the club to 27.	1
GSPDA M28 Palm OS Smartphone Hits Asia PalmSource today welcomed the third Palm Powered smartphone from GSPDA, the Xplore M28. Alpha Tech Mobile Sdn Bhd is distributing the Palm Powered Xplore M28 smartphone in Malaysia.	3
United fire blanks, again How Manchester United wish they could play in the Champions League week in and week out. After plundering fours goals against Sparta Prague in midweek, they came a cropper again in the Barclays Premiership.	1
Russian Soyuz capsule returns to Earth ARKALYK, Kazakhstan -- A Russian Soyuz capsule carrying a US-Russian crew back to Earth following six months at the International Space Station hurtled through the Earth's atmosphere and landed in Kazakhstan yesterday evening. The Soyuz TMA-4 carrying Russian cosmonaut Gennady Padalka and American partner Mike Fincke touched down beneath a parachute at the targeted landing site, some 55 miles north ...	0
Howard, Latham battle for Oct 9 poll Prime Minister John Howard has ended the phoney election campaign, naming October 9 as the day he hopes to cement his place in history by winning a fourth consecutive term.	0
Raja Ramanna passes away Dr Raja Ramanna, the bellwether of Indias nuclear programme, passed away at Bombay Hospital in the early hours of Friday. He was 79.	0
BellSouth's Cingular Pursuit The nation's leading regional phone company is resting growth hopes on its Cingular Wireless venture.	2
Strike: First Phase to Last 4 Days The first phase of the nationwide sit-at-home protest against the current increase in the prices of petroleum products will last four days -- Monday to Thursday.	0
Souness Disappointed With Indiscipline Graeme Souness felt his Newcastle United side failed to cope with Bnei Sakhnin #39;s tactics during a 2-0 first leg Uefa Cup victory at St James Park that saw Nicky Butt and Abbass Swan of Bnei Sakhnin sent off and five visiting players booked.	1
Backe, Beltran lead Astros into Game 5 CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Brandon Backe grew up idolizing the likes of Jeff Bagwell and Craig Biggio, but he #39;ll probably be pulling for more Carlos Beltran heroics Monday night.	1
Acacia Lowers Streaming Video Royalties Demand By JUSTIN POPE    (AP) -- A California company that claims it owns the patents for streaming video over computer networks is lowering its royalty demands of the nation's colleges and universities.    Newport Beach, Calif.-based Acacia Media Technologies Corp...	3
Putin strengthens his authoritarian regime The hostage drama in North Ossetia, which resulted in the deaths of hundreds of schoolchildren, parents and teachers, has revealed the enormous gulf between the interests of the Russian 	0
Standard Chartered wins bid for Permata Standard Chartered has won a controlling stake in Indonesia #39;s seventh-largest bank with a bid of \$305 million (170 million pounds), gaining 	2
Opera Sings Blues, Posting 3Q Losses Triple Last Year #39;s Jupiter Research analyst Joe Wilcox said that Opera is making a smart move by spending more money on marketing. He said some fear and uncertainty remains about the security level of Microsoft #39;s 	3
Hijackers of Greece Bus Surrender The government asked its citizens not to retaliate against immigrants Thursday, a day after two Albanian gunmen hijacked a bus. The 18-hour standoff near Athens ended peacefully early Thursday after police 	0
Ryder-Monty gives Europe early advantage at Oakland Hills Colin Montgomerie drew first blood for holders Europe with a birdie-three at the first hole as the 35th Ryder Cup began at Oakland Hills under cloudy skies on Friday.	1
A tax shelter factory bared in KPMG memos KPMG, the accounting firm under scrutiny for promoting tax shelters that were found to be abusive, discussed selling a new shelter highly similar to a banned version more than two years after the US Internal Revenue Service outlawed the original one and 	2
Women Are Making Inroads in Video Game Industry Jennifer Canada knew she was entering a boy's club when she enrolled in Southern Methodist University's Guildhall school of video game making. There's one woman besides Canada; the other 98 students were all guys. She jokes the ratio may be great for dating, but she sometimes got lonely.	3
Goosen Dominates U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen was the only winner on a rainy opening day of the World Match Play Championship, beating Jeff Maggert by a record 12 and 11.	1
Singapore heads school test table School pupils in Singapore lead the world in maths and science tests, latest international rankings suggest.	3
Greens leader astounded at content of debate Australian Greens leader Bob Brown says he is astounded issues like the environment and rural and regional Australia did not rate a mention in last night #39;s debate between the Prime Minister and the Opposition leader.	0
 #39;Star Wars #39; phone plans like the one used in Star Wars - could soon be installed on the high-street. Boffins in Japan claim to have developed technology for image chambers - similar 	3
 #39;Spam King #39; ordered to disable spyware A federal judge has ordered a man known as the  quot;Spam King quot; to disable so-called spyware programs that infiltrate people #39;s computers, track their Internet use and flood them with pop-up advertising.	2
Hurricane-Hit Florida Beckons Travelers With Deals Despite a record hurricane season, many Florida hot spots are relatively unscathed. And tourist bureaus, hotels, and others are pulling out all the stops to lure travelers back.	3
Oil Steadies, China Rate Hike Unsettles  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices steadied on Friday after an  eight percent rout driven by a surprise interest rate hike in  China that raised doubts about demand from the world's second  largest energy user.	2
Nation shocked by hatred shown France flew home its nine dead soldiers from the Ivory Coast yesterday. The nine died in violence at the weekend that presented a bleak contrast to the long-cultivated image of the 	0
Software maker exposes hidden data New Workshare Web site highlights the dangers of metadata buried in Microsoft Office documents.	3
Powell cancels trip to Olympics US Secretary of State Colin Powell calls off a planned trip to the Olympic Games amid anti-war protests in Athens.	0
Zafi variant hides behind Christmas cheer A new version of the Zafi e-mail worm is spreading Christmas wishes along with its malicious code, according to antivirus software companies.	3
Gaddafi Joins Appeals for British Hostage #39;s Release The brother leader issued an appeal to the kidnappers saying: We request the release of this poor Briton since his family had requested our help ... and if they have any conditions, convey them to us in any way possible, JANA said.	0
Giants still have faith in Dayne After being peppered on the subject for several moments, the coach of the Giants just shook his head incredulously.  quot;To be honest with you I #39;ve never heard so many questions 	1
GTA: San Andreas Leaked Rockstar Games issued a press release confirming rumors that illegal copies of Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas have appeared online in various forms of download.	3
Thirteen Children Die in Honduras Fire (AP) AP - Honduran children hunting rabbits who were running from a burning sugarcane field were caught in the blaze themselves. Thirteen youngsters were killed, and a man and a 14th child were severely burned.	0
UK 'green energy' centre created Four organisations join forces to create a UK centre for marine renewable energy.	3
A Daily Look at U.S. Iraq Military Deaths (AP) AP - As of Wednesday, Oct. 13, 2004, 1,081 members of the U.S. military have died since the beginning of the Iraq war in March 2003, according to the Defense Department. Of those, 825 died as a result of hostile action and 256 died of non-hostile causes. The figures include three military civilians.	0
Conoco Looking at Lukoil ConocoPhillips (COP:NYSE - news - research) will seek to buy up to a quarter of Russian oil giant Lukoil, Reuters reported Friday, citing an industry source familiar with the matter.	2
Intel expands Centrino line with new Pentium M chip Intel has given its Centrino laptop package a speed boost with the release of a new, faster Pentium M processor. The Centrino package includes a Pentium M processors, a PC chipset and a wireless Lan chipset.	3
Iraq: At least 10 dead in car bombing attack A suicide car bomber attacked Wednesday an Iraqi military camp northwest of Baghdad, killing 10 Iraqis and injuring more than 20, Iraqi officials said.	0
Orders for US durables retreat in October The US manufacturing sector continued to demonstrate that its road to recovery is anything but smooth in October as orders for big-ticket items unexpectedly fell.	2
Wall Street's Designs on '05? A Boom in Merger Activity After years of self-doubt and housecleaning in the wake of Enron, corporate America has gotten a bit of swagger back in its step.	2
Senior French official evacuated under fire in Haiti PORT-AU-PRINCE : A senior French government official was evacuated from a Haitian hospital after unknown gunmen opened fire, in an apparent attack on the official.	0
Pupils to get anti-piracy lessons Songwriter Guy Chambers helps schools introduce lessons on music piracy and copyright.	3
Slowing Miami priority for UVa Virginia #39;s ambitious football team must neutralize Miami #39;s speed today at Scott Stadium to stake its own claim to a berth among college football #39;s elite.	1
U.S. Launches Assault on Rebel-Held Iraqi Town  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - U.S. forces have launched a major  offensive on the rebel stronghold of Samarra after a series of  horrific car bombings in Baghdad on Thursday that killed 41  people, mostly children.	0
The Israeli Invasion of North Gaza On Sept. 29th Members of the militant wing of Hamas fired a Qassam rocket across the Gaza border into the Israeli town of Sederot killing two small children.	0
Pennington #39;s return energizes Jets EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- Chad Pennington returned for New York and the franchise quarterback showed why the Jets need him down the stretch drive.	1
Sports Car Revamp Revs Up Porsche Sales German carmaker Porsche expects its streak of strong earnings to continue in the current fiscal year that ends in July, the company said on Wednesday.	2
Arafat in Gaza For all but the most elderly Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza, portraits of Yasser Arafat, in outdoor posters, framed in public buildings, smaller pictures in the most humble homes of 	0
Lowe is ruthless and clueless The more English football sees of Rupert Lowe, the less appealing he becomes. Southampton #39;s chairman has made himself look utterly foolish over his handling of the demise 	1
Lindley takes the lead at Longs Drugs Auburn, CA (Sports Network) - Leta Lindley fired a six-under 65 on Saturday to take the lead through 54 holes of the Longs Drugs Challenge.	1
Sudan committed to peace in south and pursuing solution to Darfur crisis (AFP) AFP - Sudanese President Omar al-Beshir reiterated his commitment to implementing peace accords with southern rebels and to pursuing a settlement to the Darfur conflict.	0
Veritas beefs up utility software com November 1, 2004, 9:56 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been enterprise directories as organizations spawn projects around identity infrastructure.	3
Political blow for Brazil's Lula Brazil's President Luiz Inacio da Silva is weakened as two parties withdraw from his governing coalition.	0
New national check processing law takes effect Thurs. (New York-AP) Oct. 28, 2004 - Don #39;t write a check you can #39;t cover now. A new check processing system went into effect Thursday that speeds the time it takes for a check to clear.	2
Wine glut hits profit at Foster's Profits at Foster's, Australia's biggest wine and beer company, tumble after a wine glut in the US led to lower prices.	2
IT expert eyes RP as Internet program hub A Sun Microsystems executive expressed confidence that highly skilled workers in the Philippines and in Vietnam will make the two countries the center for the development of the Internet program Java in Southeast Asian.	3
Irish invite for marathon athlete Vanderlei de Lima lost his first place position after former priest Cornelius Horan burst onto the track and wrestled him into the crowd.	1
Plunge in LCD prices expected to slow Prices of liquid-crystal displays are expected to fall by less than 5 percent in the fourth quarter as the industry expects a surge in demand during the holiday-shopping season, a research firm said Tuesday.	3
AU mediators try to break Darfur talks deadlock African Union mediators suspended Darfur peace talks on Saturday in order to plan a new resolution after failing to make the Sudanese government and Darfur rebels end a dispute over security issues.	0
Broncos run win streak to 21 BOISE, Idaho -- Jon Helmandollar rushed for a school-record five touchdowns, and No. 13 Boise State clinched at least a share of its third straight Western Athletic Conference title with a 55-14 win over Louisiana Tech yesterday.	1
Olympians Gatlin, Hayes Earn Jesse Owens Awards PORTLAND, Ore. -- Olympic medalists Justin Gatlin and Joanna Hayes Monday were named the winners of the 2004 Jesse Owens Awards by USA Track  amp; Field.	1
Apple #39;s U2  #39;box set #39; a sign of shifting music pricing? It may be a small, \$149 step, but Apple Computer #39;s introduction of a U2  quot;digital box set quot;--a downloadable compilation of every song the band has ever recorded--could portend a shift in online-music pricing.	3
GM cereals to go 100 whole grain Cereal maker General Mills, hurt by low-carbohydrate and other fad diets in the past two years, went on the nutrition offensive Thursday and announced that it will make all 	2
Health Alert: Celebrex launches study to check for risk of side &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; (Undated) Oct. 19, 2004 - The maker of arthritis drug Celebrex is launching a study to see if the drug has the same dangerous side effects that took Vioxx off the market.	2
US, Europe trade officials to discuss Airbus-Boeing dispute US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The dispute over subsidies to Airbus and Boeing are expected to be on the agenda as the new commissioner of the European Trade Union, Peter Mandelson, and his counterpart from the United States, Robert Zoeller, started discussions Monday.	2
Oil Up a Dollar as Ivan Threatens  NEW YORK (Reuters) - World oil prices shot higher on Monday  as companies operating in the Gulf of Mexico braced for output  disruptions from powerful Hurricane Ivan.	2
Update: Darfur peace talks suspended as rebels pull out The third round of peace talks aimedat ending a 22-month-old crisis in Sudan #39;s troubled Darfur region has been suspended after the rebels accused government forces of continuing attacking them.	0
Broadband to get power boost in Big Apple EarthLink plans to begin testing power line broadband connections in Manhattan in November.	3
CA shareholders reject compensation proposal Computer Associates shareholders have defeated a stockholder proposal calling for current and former executives to return bonuses based on restated results, the company said.	2
Borders 2Q Profits Soar 89 Percent Borders Group Inc. #39;s second-quarter profits rose 89 percent on stronger-than-anticipated book sales and topped Wall Street #39;s estimates. The company also increased its full-year earnings outlook. 	2
At least 100 Delta pilots expected to retire as pay cuts start &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; At least 100 Delta Air Lines Inc. pilots are expected to retire effective Wednesday, the start date for a 32.5-percent pay cut agreed upon in a \$1 billion 	2
US adds 144,000 jobs Bee Washington Bureau. WASHINGTON - The economy added 144,000 jobs in August, the best performance since May, but 6,000 fewer than economists had forecast, the Labor Department reported Friday.	2
Internet free speech laws, Chapter Whatever (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Maybe you were out of town last week, or maybe you just weren't paying attention. That's OK. Here's a quick rundown of what you missed, culled from reports by our staff and wire services.	3
SPORTSTICKER MLS PREVIEW (SAN JOSE-DALLAS) SOUTHLAKE, Texas (Ticker) -- The battle for the final playoff spot in the Western Conference comes down to 90 minutes of action as the Dallas Burn host the San Jose Earthquakes on Saturday night.	1
Smiths in talks to buy US medical device co Medex for nearly \$1B LONDON (AFX) - Smiths Group PLC, the UK aerospace-to-medical-products maker, is in advanced talks to buy US healthcare group Medex for close to 1 bln usd (517 mln stg) the Sunday Telegraph reported without citing its source.	2
Scandal claims a tearful Blunkett THE revenge of an ex-lover has forced the resignation of British Home Secretary David Blunkett, dealing a blow to Tony Blair less than six months before an expected general election.	0
Milton Cohen, 93, a Lawyer Who Inspired Market Reform Milton H. Cohen, a securities lawyer whose insights into the stock market became the basis for innumerable regulatory proposals over the last 40 years, died Oct. 30 at his home in Haverford, Pa.	2
Slide of the Yankees: Pinstripes Punished George Steinbrenner watched from his box as his Yankees suffered the most one-sided loss in the franchise's long history.	1
US rates on 30-year mortgages down to a 4-month low WASHINGTON, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- The average interest rate of 30-year mortgages in the United States declined to the lowest level in four months this week, US mortgage giant Freddie Mac reported on Thursday. 	2
Oil Prices Hit New High The price of this key commodity has risen by about a third just since the beginning of July. In London, oil closed at \$43.80 a barrel, while in New York oil closed at \$48.70, up three percent. 	2
IBM triples transistor performance with germanium IBMhas successfully demonstrated a new technique for improving transistor performance that will help the company build smaller, more powerful chips in the next decade, company researchers said Monday.	3
Alta Premier Klein vows retribution for those who actively jockey for his job (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - CALGARY (CP) - In his last day of campaigning in what he has promised will be his last election, Alberta Premier Ralph Klein warned there would be retribution for would-be successors who publicly jockey for his job.	0
Chinese guard Liu Wei cut from Sacramento Kings (AFP) AFP - Chinese basketball player Liu Wei's quest to become Asia's first-ever point guard in the NBA has come to an end after he was cut from the roster of the Sacramento Kings, Chinese press reports said.	1
Tories raise allegations of ties between NY mob and Gagliano (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Conservative Leader Stephen Harper raised published allegations Thursday that former Liberal cabinet minister Alfonso Gagliano was a member of a New York organized crime family.	0
Qantas  #39;must open its register #39; if BA sells QANTAS should open up its share register rather than seek another airline owner if British Airways ever decided to sell its stake, Qantas chief executive Geoff Dixon said yesterday.	2
Seeking Edge, Hoop Teams Try Video Game (AP) AP - Simplice Njoya, a University of Memphis basketball forward, sat hunched over a laptop, testing an idea first studied on Israeli fighter pilots. The premise: Skills he picks up playing a complex computer game can make him a better ball player.	3
Treasuries Drop, Hope Fades for Fed Pause  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury debt prices eased on  Friday, boosting short-term yields as hopes faded the Federal  Reserve might slow the pace of interest rates hikes.	2
Groups Fight US Plan to Kill Prairie Dogs Eight conservation groups are fighting the US government over a plan to poison thousands of prairie dogs in the grasslands of South Dakota, saying wildlife should not take a backseat to ranching interests.	3
Three dead in Israeli air strike in West Bank JERUSALEM -- An Israeli helicopter fired a missile at a car in the West Bank town of Jenin on Monday, killing three people, including a militant leader, Palestinian security officials said.	0
Colombia Troops Being Hired for Iraq Jobs Recruiters working for U.S. contractors are hiring former Colombian soldiers - and even luring some active-duty ones - for security jobs in Iraq, says a former army officer who met with the recruiters.	0
Dollar Inches Up, Market Eyes Fed, Tankan  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar edged up on Friday as  investors took advantage of the currency's recent weakness to  take profits, and as the market took on more neutral positions  in the final stretch before the year-end.	2
With focus on Iran, Brazil gets no favors RIO DE JANEIRO With Brazil hoping to begin operating a uranium enrichment plant by as early as year #39;s end, the International Atomic Energy Agency is intensifying efforts to reach an agreement that would guarantee its inspectors unimpeded access to the 	0
Agere to Cut 500 Jobs, Book Charges  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Communications chip maker Agere  Systems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AGRa.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AGRa.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday said it will cut 500 jobs  and sell or close a plant in Florida that employs 600 people in  order to reduce costs amid slowing sales.	2
Group Targets Medical Industry's Influence By DIEDTRA HENDERSON    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Doctors who receive drug company funding would be limited in what they could teach other physicians under new rules being proposed by accreditors.    The Chicago-based Accreditation Council for Continuing Medical Education, which gives its stamp of approval for such classes, was to announce sweeping changes Tuesday to limit the influence of doctors with financial connections to the pharmaceutical industry...	3
Egypt Blasts Claimed by 3 Different Groups JERUSALEM Oct. 8, 2004 - Three previously unknown groups, including one reportedly linked to al-Qaida, published separate claims of responsibility for the deadly car bombings at two Egyptian resorts crowded with Israeli tourists.	0
Busch sweeps Loudon: No. 19 takes lead in Nextel Cup Kurt Busch claimed a stake in the points lead in the NASCAR Chase for the Nextel Cup yesterday, winning the Sylvania 300 at New Hampshire International Speedway.	1
Woods Marries Model in Barbados Ceremony Tiger Woods married Swedish model Elin Nordegren at an exclusive resort in Barbados during a sunset ceremony that reportedly cost \$3 million, according to witnesses.	1
Cracking start to quest, but no sign of Holy Grail TWO veteran code-breakers from Yorkshire have received a worldwide response to their request for solutions to an enigmatic message on a monument in Staffordshire reputed to say where the Holy Grail is hidden.	3
Web Sites Spoof Bush, Kerry With Parodies (AP) AP - If you're not ready to feverishly debate Iraq or the deficit in this bitterly divisive election year, you can always surf the Web, where politics is frequently nothing but a big joke.	3
Survivors For a vacationing family, it's been only two weeks since leaving a wintry Washington for sunny Sri Lanka, but it seems like several lifetimes ago. During those two weeks, they have seen both paradise and hell, and a surrealistic netherworld in between.	0
Mystery death of British tourist at Ayers Rock deepens after autopsy (AFP) AFP - The mystery death of a middle-aged British tourist near Australia's world renowned Ayers Rock this week deepened following an autopsy that failed to establish the cause, police said.	0
Kerry Legal Team Member Is Issued Citation (AP) AP - A member of Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry's national legal team received a citation on accusations he solicited a prostitute, but the aide said it was the result of a misunderstanding.	0
IBM Launches New RFID And Sensor Software The software, developed by IBM #39;s new Sensors and Actuators business unit, is designed to help businesses collect and act on data from RFID and other sensor-based technology.	3
Ken Caminiti, 1996 NL MVP, Dies At Age 41 New York -- Former Houston Astros slugger Ken Caminiti died today at age 41. The 1996 National League MVP admitted during his major league career that he had used steroids.	1
Win lifts Mundine title bid Anthony Mundine #39;s hopes of another shot at the WBA world super middleweight title have been boosted after he won his first bout since losing the title.	1
First Enron Criminal Case Set for Trial (Reuters) Reuters - Nearly three years after Enron Corp.'s\ dramatic collapse into bankruptcy, the first\criminal trial against the disgraced energy company's former\employees is set to kick off on Monday.	2
IBM Rolls Out Low-Cost Blade Servers IBM has introduced the BladeCenter Express, a lower-cost blade server chassis targeted toward small and mid-size businesses. The company also unveiled several new business-in-a-box packages 	3
Tiger Telematics acquires Integra, confirms Spanish, Portuguese &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Gizmondo Europe, the UK-based subsidiary of Jacksonville, Florida firm Tiger Telematics announced yesterday that a one year distribution agreement has been signed with United Electronics to distribute the Gizmondo GPS-based handheld gaming console 	3
Suspected N.Koreans Enter S.Korean China Mission  BEIJING (Reuters) - Twenty men, women and children claiming  to be North Koreans broke into the South Korean consulate in  Beijing Friday seeking asylum, a diplomatic source said.	0
Diana video tape screened in US A video of Princess Diana talking about her life is aired on American television.	0
Gambling board gives conditional OK to Bangor slot license By a 5-0 vote Thursday, Maines Gambling Control Board granted Penn National Gaming Inc. a conditional license to operate slot machines at Bangors harness racing track.	2
SEC seals settlement with Ahold WASHINGTON Ahold, the Dutch food retailer, and three of its former top executives have agreed to settle US securities fraud charges related to overbooking of profits, the company and US regulators said Wednesday.	2
Longhorn Due in 2006 - It #39;s Official Microsoft has set 2006 for the official launch of its Longhorn operating system, which will debut without several of the features originally planned.	3
Red Hat drafts Sun exec for desktop Linux push Red Hat, the top seller of Linux, has hired a former Sun Microsystems executive to head its push to get the open-source operating system on desktop computers.	3
Bank of America to Cut 4,500 More Jobs The Bank of America Corporation said yesterday that it would cut an additional 4,500 jobs from its ranks, beginning this month, as it simplifies operations.	2
U.N. Says It May Have Spotted Rwandan Troops in Congo  KINSHASA (Reuters) - The U.N. mission in Congo said on  Wednesday it had spotted 100 soldiers, thought to be Rwandan,  in the east of the vast Central African country but Kigali  declined to say whether its troops had crossed the border.	0
Campbell's Chairman Retires in November  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Campbell Soup Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CPB.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CPB.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's biggest soupmaker, on Thursday said its chairman,  George Sherman, will retire in November.	2
No. 1 Davenport Upset at WTA, Sharapova Wins (AP) AP - French Open champion Anastasia Myskina upset Lindsay Davenport 7-6 (5), 6-4 in the WTA Championships on Friday night, which could jeopardize the American's hold on the world's No. 1 ranking.	1
NATO, Russia Deny 'Cold War' Rift on Ukraine  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Former Cold War foes NATO and Russia  on Thursday played down weeks of tension over rigged  presidential poll results in Ukraine and issued a joint call  for free and fair elections at the end of the month.	0
US out to restore pride in tie with Belarus Hot favourites the US will seek to restore lost American pride when they take on Belarus in a Davis Cup semi-final starting on Friday.	1
Packers 16, Texans 13 HOUSTON There were two minutes left to play, and the Houston Texans #39; defense was in a find. The Texans were tiring, and Brett Favre (FAHRV #39;) had the ball.	1
Bristol-Myers Profit Lower, So Are Shares (Reuters) Reuters - Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.  on\Friday said quarterly profit fell 16 percent on special charges\and lower U.S. sales amid competition from rival brands and\cheaper generics.	2
Oregon State at Stanford Notes: Oregon State must contend with Stanfords unorthodox 3-4 defense. The Cardinal are OSUs only opponent that uses the 3-4 as their basic set.	1
Tiger Woods Turned Away From San Juan (AP) AP - Tiger Woods and his new wife were briefly held aboard their private yacht Thursday by U.S. Coast Guard officers and turned away from San Juan's port because they failed to notify authorities of their arrival ahead of time, an official said.	0
Suicide Car Bomb in Iraq's Kirkuk Kills 17 - Police  KIRKUK, Iraq (Reuters) - A suicide car bomber detonated his  vehicle near a police academy in the Iraqi city of Kirkuk on  Saturday, killing at least 17 people and wounding 32, police  said.	0
Clash brings back bad memories for Tomjanovich Rudy Tomjanovich isn #39;t sure whether the TV images of the brawl between the Detroit Pistons and Indiana Pacers affected him more deeply because of what he went through in another on-court brawl 27 years ago.	1
Stoking the Steamroller No other recording artist can channel American middle-class tastes quite like Chip Davis and his best-selling band	2
MMO2 Teams Up With DoCoMo to Bring i-mode to UK Under the terms of the agreement, O2 is licensed by DoCoMo to offer the i-mode capability to the 22 million customers of its 2/2.5G and 3G mobile communications networks.	3
Sun trims fourth-quarter earnings by \$12M SEPTEMBER 14, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Sun Microsystems Inc. trimmed its fourth-quarter and full-year 2004 results this week to incorporate the final accounting of asset retirement obligations and its settlement with Microsoft Corp.	2
I #39;m not rushing myself: Tendulkar Nagpur: Batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar today said he was not rushing his comeback to cricket and that with more than a decade #39;s experience, he was prepared to face all kinds of challenge the game could throw at him.	1
NATO moves forward with Iraq training mission; appoints US &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NATO diplomats approved on Friday a detailed outline of their plan to send around 300 military instructors to Iraq following talks with 	0
NCR Recalls Inkjet Refill Kits NCR Corp. on Wednesday recalled 78,000 printer cartridge refill kits because they do not have child-proof packaging, posing a health risk to young children who may ingest the ink sold in the product.	2
Fox hunting ban is about 'class war': Labour MP (AFP) AFP - The ban on fox hunting is driven by the Labour Party's desire to stamp out "the old order" dominated by the country's landowning upper classes, a Labour MP wrote in The Sunday Telegraph.	0
Typhoon Songda Hits Japan, South Korea A powerful typhoon is battering parts of Japan and South Korea with heavy rains and high winds, killing at least two people and injuring more than 300.	0
Google Founders on Hiring Trip to India (AP) AP - Google Inc. founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin said Wednesday that some new features on the world's top search engine and other services will come from its research center in the southern Indian city of Bangalore, where they are on a hiring spree.	3
Comcast, Time Warner eye Adelphia Philadelphia #39;s Comcast and Time Warner are considering a bid to buy bankrupt Adelphia Communications, the New York Times reported Tuesday.	2
Microsoft Dismisses British Objections to Anti-Linux Ad (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Microsoft sources claim a British regulatory agency's objections to an anti-Linux print advertisement are moot because the ad hasn't run in any UK publications since May.	3
Halo 2 heralds traffic explosion The growing popularity of online gaming could spell problems for net service firms, warns network monitoring company Sandvine. It issued the warning following analysis which shows that Traffic on the Xbox 	3
DAILY DIGEST Washington - Four of the nations largest Internet providers Thursday announced a new round of lawsuits designed to thwart email spammers, including the first major case involving spam sent via an instant messaging service.	3
When Spitzer Speaks, Insurers Take Note A financial industry that had grown comfortable with its regulators is reeling after the New York state attorney general filed charges of wrongdoing and denounced practices that the industry - and its regulators - had viewed as acceptable.	2
Corporate pension troubles show signs of worsening NEW YORK - The corporate pension crisis seems to be going from bad to worse. First, companies struggled to come up with the money to cover their benefit obligations, and now they want to ditch their plans altogether.	2
UPDATE 1-GMP says no further plans to pursue bid for Stelco GMP Capital Corp. (GMP.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) said on Wednesday it has no plans to make further bids to restructure Stelco Inc.	2
BA to Investigate Staff Shortage Crisis British Airways today pledged to carry out an investigation into a staff shortage that sparked travel chaos at Heathrow Airport last week.	2
Harvard fund soars 21.1 percent The Harvard University endowment yesterday reported a 21.1 percent gain on its investments for fiscal 2004, marking its best year since 2000. But the nation's largest university fund also issued a sober forecast that returns over the next decade will be dramatically lower than in the past 10 years.	2
Zook, Line and Sinker Inside the decision to fire Ron Zook Gainesville, FL (U-WIRE) -- On a plane traveling from North Carolina to Gainesville, UF President Bernie Machen had made up his mind.	1
Cott Drinks' Profit Falls, Cuts Outlook  TORONTO (Reuters) - Shares of Cott Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BCB.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BCB.TO&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=COT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;COT.N&lt;/A&gt;  sank as much as 16 percent on Wednesday after the world's  largest maker of store-brand soft drinks reported lower  third-quarter earnings and cut its profit outlook.	2
Agency to Designate Habitat for Dragonfly (AP) AP - Prodded by a lawsuit, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has agreed to designate critical habitat for the endangered Hine's emerald dragonfly.	3
US stress on cyber crime The US today urged India to adhere to the principles of the Council of Europes convention on cyber crime for strengthening national laws in the areas of cyber-security.	2
California Pumps Up Stem Cells Gov. Schwarzenegger takes a political risk and endorses a \$3 billion California bond measure that would fund embryonic stem-cell research.	3
Annan Rejects Calls for Resignation UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan says he has no plans to resign, and will concentrate on reforming the international body in the last two years of his term.	0
Sony speeds up Memory Stick cards Starting in October, the company will begin selling higher-speed cards that transfer data at rates of up to 80mbps.	3
Verizon to Buy NextWave Licenses for \$3 Billion &lt;p&gt;\&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; NEW YORK (Reuters) - Verizon Wireless said on Thursday that\it had signed an agreement with NextWave Telecom Inc. to\purchase all of its airwave licenses for \$3 billion.&lt;/p&gt;	3
No To-Morrow The Ravens released their final 53-man roster Monday. The team terminated the contract of veteran fullback Harold Morrow, and waived eight other players.	1
Toy Safety More than 200,000 children were injured by last year by their own toys according to Texas Public Interest Research Group. The group says there #39;s more to toys than meets the eye.	2
Souness gets one-match ban Newcastle United manager Graeme Souness has received a one-match touchline ban for improper conduct, the Football Association (FA) says.	1
Honeywell internal documents point to 5,000 jobs exported Honeywell documents reveal plans to move 5,000 jobs overseas	3
Woolworths Increases Australian Leisure Takeover Bid (Update5) Woolworths Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest grocer, increased its offer for Australian Leisure  amp; Hospitality Group to A\$1.2 billion (\$877 million) to stop rival bidder Coles Myer Ltd.	2
Euro soars as ECB chief defends rate THE dollar tumbled to new lows against the euro yesterday as markets brushed aside an upgrade to US growth and a fresh warning from the European Central Banks President 	2
eCOST.com Cuts IPO Price to  #36;7 a Share from  #36;9- #36;11 (Reuters) Reuters - Online discount retailer eCOST.com\said on Wednesday that it expects its planned initial public\offering will price at  #36;7 per share, a reduction from its\previously stated range of  #36;9 to  #36;11 per share.	3
Beware  #39;Peeping Tom Webcam Worm #39; A warning was issued today about a Peeping Tom computer virus which can hijack webcams and spy on users. The virus, or worm as it is technically 	3
Vertical solutions take hold in CRM (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - As the enterprise increasingly looks for vertical solutions from its CRM vendors, Kana Software with an on-premise solution and Entellium with a hosted solution, will both announce this week industry-specific best practice applications for customer service and sales force automation.	3
McDonald's Bell Steps Down Due to Cancer  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - McDonald's Corp. said on Monday  that Charlie Bell, its 44-year-old president and chief  executive, had stepped down to focus on battling cancer just  seven months after assuming the top post at the world's largest  fast-food company.	2
Mars rovers roll on with new funding NASA agrees to fund the Mars rover project for six more months, allowing further study.	3
Nations split over post-quota system strategy By Frances Williams in Geneva and Raymond Colitt in So Paulo. Developing countries in the World Trade Organisation remain split over what, if any action, the WTO should take to help smaller textiles producers 	2
Iran Calls for U.N. Intervention in Iraq (AP) AP - Iran and Saudi Arabia called Monday for the United Nations to intervene in Iraq to stop the fighting between U.S. forces and Shhite militants hiding in the holy city of Najaf.	0
Denmark soccer strike ends but parties refuse to disclose deal Denmark #39;s first ever soccer strike was called off Thursday according to the players #39; and clubs #39; representatives, who refused to release details of the agreement.	1
Confirmed: Davis Out as Head Coach It has now been confirmed by the Browns that Butch Davis has resigned as head coach of the team. The Browns will be holding a press conference with Team President John Collins at 2PM today.	1
Kenyan activist wins Nobel prize Kenya's Wangari Maathai wins this year Nobel Peace Prize, the first African woman to do so.	0
'Secure Flight' Replaces CAPPS II The Transportation Security Administration shifts responsibility for screening travelers from the airlines to the government. The new system, dubbed Secure Flight, seeks to target fewer people and to do so more accurately.	3
Poles line up for shares Poles signed waiting lists Sunday for a chance to buy shares in their largest bank, using a signup system from communist times to impose order on the crush of interested investors.	2
Review: Nintendo DS Computerworld's game expert reports: great graphics, good ergonomics and a decent launch library of games.	3
Frances Strikes, Knocks Out Power to 4M STUART, Fla. - Hurricane Frances pounded Florida with high wind and heavy rain Sunday after it smashed across the state's east coast, knocking out power to 4 million people, shredding roofs and uprooting trees...	0
Vilsack Won't Seek Chairmanship of DNC (AP) AP - Iowa Gov. Tom Vilsack said Monday that he will not seek the chairmanship of the Democratic Party.	0
Apple locks out RealNetworks with iPod update Apple has updated the software for some of its iPod digital media players so that songs bought from RealNetworks will not play. The change affects Apple #39;s new iPod Photo, which was introduced in late October 	3
Total lunar eclipse comes out tonight A total lunar eclipse expected to create views of a blood-red moon will be visible tonight throughout most of North America - weather permitting.	3
Top News ; Jordan #39;s king removes crown prince Top News News, Amman,Jordan #39;s King Abdullah II has stripped his half-brother, Prince Hamzah, of his title as crown prince and heir to the Hashemite throne in an unexpected move that surprised many Jordanians.	0
Nokia says third quarter profits will be better than expected (AFP) AFP - Nokia, the world's largest mobile phone maker, said its results for third quarter would be better than earlier forecast due to higher-than-expected handset sales.	3
Children's Place Is to Be Heard The children's retailer turns in sparkling 21 same-store sales growth for August.	2
GM, Ford to Increase SUV Stability Systems General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. said yesterday they are rushing to embrace a new safety technology called electronic stability control, and together they will make such systems standard 	2
Intel Abandons Projection TV Chip Intel first unveiled its plans to develop a liquid on crystal silicon chip in January. In August, the company said the chip would not be released by the end of the year.	3
U.S. Broadband Growth Slows - Analyst &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. telephone and cable companiessaw the growth of high-speed Internet services slow in thesecond quarter to the lowest rate in a year, an industryresearch firm said on Tuesday.&lt;/p&gt;	3
Check 21 law may require habit changes The Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act, or Check 21, takes effect Oct. 28. It is supposed to make check processing faster and more efficient by allowing banks to replace your paper checks with legal substitute 	2
Hands-Free Mousing Could Mean Using Your Nose Its the same routine - type a little on the keyboard, move the dominant hand, maneuver through the screen with the mouse, and pick the hand back up, replace it on the keyboard and continue typing.	3
Halo 2: The surprising anticlimax Unlike the original game, Halo 2 doesn #39;t end with a bang so much as a whimper. When you get to the end of the game, as I did tonight (congrats if you beat me, but I have a life, sort of), you discover that 	3
EU Court Sets Talks in Case Against Microsoft A top European court has summoned all the parties involved in the European Union #39;s antitrust case against Microsoft to a meeting in Luxembourg on Thursday after two prominent opponents of Microsoft withdrew from the proceedings, a court official has said.	2
Sony May Open Retail Stores By ELLIOT SPAGAT    COSTA MESA, Calif. (AP) -- Few people took notice when Sony Electronics Inc...	3
Irish have too much fight SOUTH BEND, Ind. -- Boston College's top-ranked hockey team arrived at Notre Dame intent on keeping its perfect record intact, maintaining its top ranking in the polls, and delivering coach Jerry York his 700th career victory.	1
US cracks down on spam mountain John Ashcroft, the attorney General of the US, is expected to announce on Thursday dozens of lawsuits against alleged spammers following a low key campaign against the practise across the US.	3
Information tech slow to reboot At a job fair in downtown San Diego yesterday, dozens of information technology workers wandered the Civic Theater community concourse looking for leads on jobs.	2
United Re-Signs Namoff D.C. United inks defender Bryan Namoff to a multiyear contract extension on Monday afternoon.	1
Mozilla Nears Firefox Finale Mozilla Firefox, the open-source alternative to Microsoft Corp. #39;s dominant Web browser, is preparing for prime time with the first preview of its 1.0 release and a new marketing campaign.	3
Delta and Pilots to Resume Talks Delta Air Lines Inc. and its pilots #39; union recessed talks Sunday without reaching an agreement on pay cuts that the company says are crucial to its effort to avoid bankruptcy.	2
Users mixed on Siebel's 'Chapter Two' direction Users of Siebel's CRM software offered mixed reviews on the "Chapter Two" strategy the company unveiled this week as a way to revitalize its sagging fortunes and help customers complete successful software rollouts.	3
Philip Morris Challenges  \$10.1 Billion Consumer Fraud Ruling Philip Morris USA challenged a \$10.1 billion consumer fraud ruling Wednesday, telling the Illinois Supreme Court that its "light" cigarettes performed as advertised.	2
Stern Stance for Europe's New Antitrust Chief Talking tough in her first public appearance since becoming Europe's competition commissioner, Neelie Kroes blocked a merger in Portugal's energy industry.	2
Direct US flight to Vietnam departs With fanfare and an appearance by actor David Hasselhoff, a United Airlines flight headed for Ho Chi Minh City on Thursday - the first direct flight from the United States to Vietnam in almost three decades.	2
McAfee Launches Managed Mail Security Service Sep. 13, 2004. McAfee on Monday pushed further into the managed security market as it introduced a multi-function managed e-mail service for small- and mid-sized businesses.	3
Smart Phone Market Growing More Crowded The smart phone market will grow more crowded Wednesday with the debut of two devices directed at opposite ends of the customer spectrum: a BlackBerry for consumers with a newfangled 	3
Oracle exec upbeat about China's RFID plans Despite lingering fears of incompatibility between China's upcoming RFID (radio frequency identification) standard and international standards, the Chinese government's plans to impose a mandatory standard for RFID are unlikely to result in sharply higher costs for companies that use the technology, according to an Oracle Corp. executive.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;	3
Vioxx Withdrawal Raises Concern About FDA By DIEDTRA HENDERSON     WASHINGTON (AP) -- Americans should feel reasonably safe taking government-approved prescription drugs - with a few caveats - even after a popular arthritis medication was pulled from the market, medical experts say. But the problems with Vioxx raise questions about the Food and Drug Administration's safety review process and the length of time it took Merck to pull the drug, observers say...	3
Dalai Lama Leads Prayers at Russian Monastery Thousands of Buddhist pilgrims trekked to a temple in the southern republic of Kalmykia today to join prayers led by the Dalai Lama, on his first visit to Russia after years of being denied entry.	0
Hollenbach Gets Call Quarterback Sam Hollenbach will start Maryland's season-ending game against Wake Forest unless Jordan Steffy makes a highly improbable recovery from a concussion.	1
What is this Man Plotting? A newly revealed summit of terrorists raises fears of a fresh plan to attack the U.S. This bombmaker and pilot could be a key player 	0
S.Korea, US End Troop Cut Talks Without Agreement SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea and the United States closed a round of defense talks in Seoul on Friday aimed at scheduling a reduction of US troops on the Korean peninsula without agreeing on the timeline of the realignment. 	0
Vulnerability hits Java for cell phones Researcher finds two flaws that under unusual circumstances could let a malicious program read private data or render a phone unusable.	3
Shell Executive:Hydrogen Fuel Station In DC Is Just The Start NEW YORK - The hydrogen fuel station for fuel-cell vehicles that opened Wednesday in Washington, DC, is intended to bring the technology to the attention of lawmakers and show its usefulness and safety for retail use, said Jeremy Bentham, chief executive 	2
IT firm Softbank aims to enter Japan's mobile sector as 3G grows (AFP) AFP - Japanese Internet firm Softbank said it aims to enter the mobile phone industry supplying third-generation (3G) services as more customers embrace the advanced technology.	3
Report: Sexson, M #39;s agree on four-year deal ANAHEIM, Calif. (Ticker) -- The Seattle Mariners, desperate to add pop to their anemic lineup, reportedly have come to terms on a four-year contract with slugger Richie Sexson.	1
Ukraine awaits court poll ruling Ukraine's Supreme Court is due to rule on whether to overturn the result of the disputed presidential poll.	0
'We are proud to be Africans' More than 90 of Africans are proud of their continent, a new survey conducted for the BBC shows.	0
Conexant Shares Plunge on 4Q Loss Conexant Systems Inc. shares slid in after-hours trade Thursday after the chip maker reported a fourth-quarter loss, following others in the industry to report customer demand below expectations.	2
New Toshiba notebooks highlight long-running trend OCTOBER 05, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Toshiba Corp. #39;s new desktop-replacement multimedia notebooks, introduced on Tuesday, are further evidence that US consumers still have yet to embrace the mobility offered by Intel Corp.	3
Photos: Segway--coast to coast Josh Caldwell, co-founder of the "America at 10mph" project, scoots across the United States.	3
Sharapova Loses to Wild Card in Conn. (AP) AP - Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova was upset in three sets by wild card Mashona Washington Tuesday in the Pilot Pen tennis tournament. Sharapova had 12 double-faults in the match. Three of them occurred in the two games that Washington broke the fourth-seeded Russian in the deciding set of her 6-3, 2-6, 6-2 win.	1
Building a Better Soundtrap After centuries of guesswork, architects have a high-tech way to hear the acoustics of buildings they haven't yet built.	3
Kadhafi urges return to ceasefire in Ivory Coast (AFP) AFP - Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi is involved in intensive contacts with the conflicting factions in Ivory Coast to seek a return to the ceasefire and negotiation, the official Jana news agency reported.	0
Banknorth chief offers defense of sale plan As criticism mounted yesterday over Banknorth Group's pending deal with a Canadian bank, chief executive William J. Ryan defended his decision to sell a majority stake in New England's largest independent bank, saying it is in the shareholders' best interest.	2
Tide-Vols feud may be nation #39;s biggest How do they feel about Phillip Fulmer and Tennessee in the state of Alabama these days? In its rawest form, the answer can be found in the feral environs of the Crimson Tide fan message boards.	1
CBI trims growth forecast and calls Brown optimistic The CBI accused Gordon Brown of being  quot;too optimistic quot; over the health of the economy yesterday, as the employer #39;s organisation downgraded its own forecast for GDP growth next year.	2
Cisco dangles rebate carrot before resellers The networking gear maker launches a financial incentive program to spur sales to smaller companies overseas.	3
Williams contacts Dolphins but says he #39;s headed for India Retired running back Ricky Williams says he contacted the Miami Dolphins this week at the request of his agent but has no plans to rejoin the team anytime soon.	1
Dollar Gains on Euro After Muted U.S. CPI  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar posted gains against the  euro on Tuesday, digesting a slew of U.S. economic data that  failed to substantially alter expectations for Federal Reserve  interest rate hikes.	2
United Airlines announces service cuts, fleet reduction ELK GROVE VILLAGE, Ill. United Airlines #39; parent company plans to slash the number of its domestic flights and increase its more profitable international schedule.	2
Superfast Notebook Graphics: NVidia's GeForce Go 6800 PC World's initial test results for this gaming chip are impressive.	3
Hidden swing, crouching Tiger Atlanta - Maybe Tiger Woods knew what he was doing after all. On the verge of becoming just another millionaire golfer, Woods finally put his new swing to good use.	1
Ridge leaves mixed legacy The first head of the Department of Homeland Security forges a single organization, but spearheaded some questionable initiatives.	3
Google Results Evoke 'Dot-Com' Fervor  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Shares of Google Inc. gained more  than 15 percent on Friday, to trade at more than twice the  level of its cut-price IPO, after the Web search leader  delivered strong quarterly results in its first reported  quarter as a public company.	2
Executive flight continues at BEA The exit of Chief Marketing Officer Tod Nielsen is the sixth confirmed executive departure from the company in the past two months.	3
Annan Warns Falluja Assault Could Spoil Elections  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi  Annan has warned the United States, Britain and Iraq that an  assault on Falluja risked further dividing the Iraqi people and  undermining planned January elections.	0
Shell seeks to reassure investors The Anglo-Dutch oil firm sets out to woo investors by explaining how it will boost its oil reserves at an analysts' briefing on Wednesday.	2
Transactions BASEBALL Chicago (NL): Declined to exercise 2005 options on OF Moises Alou and 2B Mark Grudzielanek. Chicago (AL): DH Frank Thomas and OF Carl Everett exercised their 2005 contract options; exercised 2005 contract option on P Shingo Takatsu; declined to exercise 2005 contract option C Sandy Alomar Jr. Cleveland (AL): Agreed to terms with RHP Scott Elarton on a one-year ...	1
Blair Cuts Short Ethiopia Trip, Heads Home British Prime Minister Tony Blair left Ethiopia for home late on Thursday, a day ahead of schedule, airport sources in Addis Ababa said.	0
Aussies to target Vaughan AUSTRALIA will aim a pre-emptive Ashes strike at misfiring England captain Michael Vaughan tomorrow when cricket #39;s oldest rivals meet in the Champions Trophy semi-final at Edgbaston.	1
Cuba Hospitalizes Dissident After Wife's Protest (Reuters) Reuters - Cuban authorities transferred a jailed\dissident suffering from a herniated disc to a military\hospital on Thursday after his wife staged an unprecedented\protest in Havana's Revolution Square.	0
Truckers strike, prices to soar NEW DELHi, AUGUST 21: Truckers went on a nation-wide strike from Saturday to protest against the imposition of the 10 per cent service tax in the Budget.	2
At least five rigs adrift in the Gulf NEW ORLEANS Five offshore oil rigs were set adrift in the Gulf of Mexico and three others were damaged by Hurricane Ivan. The Coast Guard says it received a report from Diamond Offshore that a 335-foot semi 	2
Oil Ends Lower as Ample Winter Fuel Seen  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices dropped to 2-month lows on  Monday, with U.S. crude falling near \$45 a barrel before paring  losses in late trade, as growing fuel stocks in the United  States eased fears of a winter supply crunch.	2
Sun sets sights on Linux vendors After years of battling Microsoft Corp., Sun Microsystems Inc. has set its sights on Linux vendors, seeking to jump into a low-end but high-volume market it #39;s been accused of ignoring.	2
Gateway: Cost-Cutting, Refocusing Will Lead to Profitability NEW YORKAlmost six months into his new stint as president and CEO of Gateway Inc., Wayne Inouye came here on Monday to outline for financial analysts his plans for bringing the PC maker back to health.	2
Scientists Probe Pacific for Dead Zone (AP) AP - His hand on a toggle switch and his eyes on a computer screen, Oregon State University graduate student Anthony Kirincich uses an array of scientific instruments to probe the vibrant waters of the Pacific. He is searching for the absence of life.	3
Latvian Seeks Seismic Monitoring Stations (AP) AP - Latvia's National Geology Service said Thursday it hopes to get funding from the Environment Ministry to build five seismic monitoring stations throughout the country.	3
Doubleheader in Florida filled with playoff implications com. There are two weeks left in Octoberquest, and most of the attention today will be on a doubleheader in Florida that was never on the original schedule.	1
Janco Partners Initiates Google with  #39;Sell #39; Rating Janco Partners on Thursday initiated coverage of Google Inc. with a  quot;sell quot; rating and a target price of \$76, saying while the world #39;s No.	3
News: Telenor takes down 'massive' botnet A network of more than 10,000 zombie PCs has been dismantled after security staff at Norwegian telco Telenor located and shutdown its controlling server.	3
High Prices Boost BP 3rd-Quarter Profits (AP) AP - High oil and gas prices and bigger profit margins in refining helped the British energy giant BP PLC nearly double its third-quarter earnings.	0
Briefly: Sprint to bake in BlackBerry roundup Plus: Microsoft ships updated Works...FaceTime pulls in \$16 million...Bladed desktop pioneer gets \$25 million.	3
Oil-Rich Kazakhstan Votes After Flawed Campaign  ALMATY (Reuters) - Oil-rich Kazakhstan prepared to vote  Sunday in a parliamentary poll criticized by the West and all  but written off as unfair by opposition parties.	0
Seoul enhancing ties with Latin America President Roh Moo-hyun #39;s visit to the so-called  quot;ABC quot; nations of Latin America - Argentina, Brazil and Chile - in the next several days is aimed at building a strong beachhead for Korean companies.	2
Nations ask for study of effect of quota end A group of developing countries proposed yesterday that the World Trade Organization study the global effects of phasing out a textiles and clothing quota system, saying that many countries are losing out because of this trade liberalization.	2
Simons resigns as South Africa coach Durban, Oct. 15. - The recent poor performances by the South African cricket team has found its first casualty in coach Eric Simons, who resigned from his post today.	1
Saddam #39;s lieutenants on  #39;hunger strike #39; Some of Saddam Hussein #39;s top aides are refusing meals in their secret US detention centre, the US army acknowledged on Sunday after a detainee #39;s lawyer said Iraq #39;s ousted leaders were on hunger strike.	0
US Airways follows Delta's lead, slashes managers' pay In a bid to survive and to persuade unions to accept deep pay and benefit cuts, managers at US Airways Group and Delta Air Lines are sharing some of the pain.	2
US urged to negotiate with N. Korea, improve image in Asia &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Time is running out for a peaceful resolution of the North Korean nuclear issue and the United States must negotiate directly with Pyongyang if it truly wants a solution, Asian experts warned on Monday.	0
 #39;Northern lights #39; possible on LI The  quot;northern lights quot; will be visible this week in the Long Island area, with best chance of seeing them over the next few nights, astronomers said.	3
Colts' Manning Ties Unitas Record (AP) AP - Peyton Manning tied an NFL record set by John Unitas in 1959 with his 12th straight game with at least two touchdowns to open a season.	1
Dollar Hits New Low; Gold Heads for \$455 The dollar hit record lows against the euro Friday and a 4-1/2-year trough versus the yen following a report China had cut its holdings of dollar assets, lifting gold to a 16-year high and undermining Tokyo stocks.	0
Update 1: Syneron Medical Shares Drop on Rejection Shares of Syneron Medical Ltd., a maker of cosmetic medical devices, plunged 20 percent Tuesday morning following regulators #39; rejection of its application for a cellulite-smoothing device.	2
Munro, Morris Face Off in NLCS Game 2 (AP) AP - The Houston Astros put their hopes in a pitcher untested in the postseason when they give Pete Munro the ball to start Game 2 of the NL Championship series on Thursday, one night after dropping the opener to the St. Louis Cardinals 10-7.	1
2 UN Peacekeepers Shot in Haiti Officials in Haiti say two soldiers with the UN peacekeeping force in the Caribbean country have been shot and wounded in separate incidents.	0
Tourist Hostages Freed from Inca Temple in Peru  LIMA, Peru (Reuters) - Peruvian special forces on Tuesday  freed 20 foreign tourists who were briefly taken hostage by  protesting coca growers in an Inca temple in the southern city  of Cuzco, police said.	0
Goldman Sachs - robust earnings growth for 4Q NEW YORK, December 16 (newratings.com) - Goldman Sachs Group (GS.NYS) reported sequential earnings growth of 36 for 4Q today. The renowned brokerage firm reported earnings of \$1.19 billion or \$2.36 per share 	2
Giants: Warner set in his ways At the end of training camp, when Giants coach Tom Coughlin named Kurt Warner the starting quarterback, he credited the open competition at the position for helping the progress of Warner and No.	1
How ties will be broken at season #39;s end What happens if the Dodgers, Giants and Astros all finish the season with the same record, leaving the NL West and the NL Wild Card winners undecided?	1
Microsoft to step up music sales effort Microsoft hopes to more than double its presence in the European online music market by launching its MSN Music Service in seven more countries, the Financial Times reported.	3
CNNfn going off the air CNN has reported plans to shut down its CNNfn network in mid-December, cutting 60 jobs in the process. Some of the financial news network #39;s programming will shift over to CNN.	2
Bare cupboards force space station crew to diet CAPE CANAVERAL, FLA. - The two crew on the international space station need to cut back on calories for the next two weeks because of dwindling food supplies.	3
Israeli forces launch air raid on Gaza city Israeli forces fired rockets at the Gaza City on Monday, responding to an earlier attack launched by Hamas movement against an army post.	0
Typhoon Kills 55 in Japan, Deadliest in a Decade  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's deadliest typhoon in more than a  decade killed at least 55 people, officials said on Thursday as  rescuers searched frantically for 33 still missing in floods  and landslides.	0
General Growth Properties to Buy Rouse  NEW YORK (Reuters) - General Growth Properties Inc.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GGP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GGP.N&lt;/A&gt;, the No. 2 U.S. shopping mall owner, on Friday said it  would buy Rouse Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=RSE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;RSE.N&lt;/A&gt; for \$7.2 billion, expanding its  holdings of regional shopping centers and commercial property.	2
Titans Topple Dolphins Tennessee has three interceptions Saturday, including one in its own end zone and another returned 37 yards for a touchdown by Lamont Thompson, to down Miami, 17-7.	1
New Media Center OS Plays Well Windows XP Media Center 2005 connects smoothly with video and audio equipment.	3
Victory Doesn't Impress Schottenheimer (AP) AP - Things are going so well with the surprising San Diego Chargers that they're asking season-ticket holders for playoff deposits and one of their least-known players is dating Pamela Anderson.	1
A 3-Decade Campaign Is Over: Baseball Is Back in Washington In the first relocation of a major league team since last time the Washington Senators left, the Expos are headed to the nation's capital.	0
Couples hits the jackpot at Skins Game Fred Couples made two big putts - worth at least \$300,000 apiece - to again emerge the big winner at the Skins Game, which also featured Tiger Woods, Annika Sorenstam and Adam Scott.	1
Linux cluster companies attract new funds com November 4, 2004, 6:00 PM PT. Organizations are replacing aging servers with newer more-powerful boxes, often Linux--based, and theyre also investing in storage.	3
State wineries are hoping to toast a major windfall WASHINGTON -- In a case that could yield a bonanza for Washington state #39;s expanding wine industry, the Supreme Court yesterday was asked to dismantle Depression-era laws that prohibit consumers from buying wine directly from out-of-state producers.	2
Fed #39;s Stern sees solid growth, low inflation The US economy is resilient over time and growth is likely to remain in the 3-4 percent range, Minneapolis Federal Reserve President Gary Stern said on Friday.	2
Kodak, IBM to team up ROCHESTER, NYEastman Kodak Co. and International Business Machines Corp. said yesterday they have agreed to develop and make image sensors for digital still cameras and camera phones.	2
Feds Seize \$87M in Counterfeit Software Sting FBI officials said they have netted close to \$87 million worth of counterfeit software and components in California, Washington and Texas as a result of a sting operation called Operation Digital Marauder.	3
Fiesta, Holiday bowls now on CU #39;s list of possibilities When Iowa State beat Missouri on Saturday afternoon to propel Colorado into the Big 12 Championship game, the Buffs #39; bowl possibilities expanded.	1
UPDATE 1-Valero to acquire Kaneb Services, Pipe Line Valero LP (VLI.N: Quote, Profile, Research) agreed to buy Kaneb Services LLC (KSL.N: Quote, Profile, Research) and Kaneb Pipe Line Partners LP (KPP.	2
Senator Calls on Annan to Quit Over Iraq Program (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. senator investigating\corruption in the U.N. oil-for-food program for Iraq said on\Wednesday U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan should resign\because the fraud took place on his watch.	0
D-Back money talks ANAHEIM - With an astounding outlay of \$45 million for a third baseman coming off reconstructive shoulder surgery and another \$33 million for a starting pitcher the Braves weren #39;t even going to use in the postseason, the Arizona Diamondbacks have made a 	1
Diamondbacks add free-agent Ortiz CBC SPORTS ONLINE - After adding slugging third baseman Troy Glaus at baseball #39;s winter meetings, the Arizona Diamondbacks have turned their attention to pitching.	1
Germany, France support Turkish invitation to EU membership talks BERLIN : Germany and France both support inviting to European Union membership talks at a summit in December in Brussels, Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder said.	2
Longbridge land sold in 15m deal By Christopher Hope, Business Correspondent, and Harry Wallop (Filed: 22/11/2004). Phoenix Venture Holdings, the owner of loss-making MG Rover, has sold off the last remaining major piece of land at its Longbridge 	2
No. 15 West Virginia Beats Syracuse 27-6 (AP) AP - Rasheed Marshall set a Big East career rushing mark for quarterbacks and threw three touchdown passes while leading No. 15 West Virginia over Syracuse 27-6 Thursday night.	1
Troops Hunting Al Qaeda Members Withdrawn   PESHAWAR, Pakistan, Nov. 27 -- The Pakistani army announced Saturday that it would withdraw hundreds of troops from a tense tribal region near Afghanistan where Osama bin Laden and his top deputy were believed to be hiding.	0
Ryanair H1 Profit Rises 18 Percent Irish no-frills airline Ryanair posted an 18 percent jump in first-half net income on Tuesday as passenger traffic grew 24 percent, and said yields should not decline by as much as first thought.	2
Nokia taps Coke exec to refresh brands The hope is that Keith Pardy will put some fizz back in the company's market share stats.	3
Sixers Outgun Nets in Overtime, 108-100 (AP) AP - Allen Iverson hit the tying jumper with 7.2 seconds left in regulation and Corliss Williamson scored seven of his 15 points in overtime to lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 108-100 win over the New Jersey Nets on Wednesday night.	1
Iraq N-Sites Were Stripped Methodically-Diplomats  VIENNA (Reuters) - The mysterious removal of Iraq's  mothballed nuclear facilities continued long after the U.S.-led  invasion and was carried out by people with access to heavy  machinery and demolition equipment, diplomats said on Thursday.	0
Dell to introduce its first color laser printers Dell Inc. is expected to add a splash of color to its laser printer lineup Wednesday with three new models for businesses and home-office users.	3
Boumsongs plea for peace JEAN-ALAIN Boumsong, who appeared an oasis of calm within Saturday #39;s maelstrom at Ibrox, has urged the Old Firm combatants to disregard any vendettas and restore sanity before the teams collide again.	1
Stocks to Watch Tuesday  European Competition Commissioner Mario Monti will hold a  news conference on Tuesday afternoon on the long-running  antitrust case against Coca-Cola, a European Union spokeswoman  said.	2
MPs demand wider investigation MPS who kept Baha Mousa #39;s case in the public eye last night demanded a wide-ranging investigation into all allegations of brutality by British troops.	0
Dell Opens Support Center in China (AP) AP - Dell Inc. says it opened a new support center this week in Xiamen, China, for business customers who buy servers and storage equipment.	3
Lakers Defeat Hawks, 106-90 (AP) AP - Kobe Bryant scored 24 points, Caron Butler added 22, and the Los Angeles Lakers handed Atlanta its third straight lopsided loss, beating the winless Hawks 106-90 Sunday night.	1
Spirits Boost Brown-Forman Profit Brown-Forman Corp. (BFb.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , which sells products ranging from Jack Daniels whiskey to Lenox china, on Thursday posted a better-than-expected 67 percent jump 	2
In Mongolia, 'ninjas' struggle to make a living  ZAMAAR, Mongolia -- Oyungerel crouches among the rocks and sand in the river bed, scouring for the means to send her children to college.	0
PeopleSoft Execs Defend Program (Reuters) Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc.'s \chief financial officer on Wednesday said the company's\controversial customer assurance program, now being challenged\in court, might not force liabilities on Oracle Corp. \if its  #36;7.7 billion takeover bid succeeds.	3
Oil prices firm after week of decline World oil prices have firmed after a five-session drop after a tentative cease-fire took hold in the Iraqi city of Najaf. New York #39;s main contract, light sweet crude for October delivery, rose eight cents to \$US43.	2
Pennington #39;s return inspires Jets offense Chad Pennington, who missed the previous three games due to a rotator cuff injury on his right (throwing) shoulder, returned with a fury on Sunday.	1
Caps' Witt Wins Arbitration Washington Capitals defenseman Brendan Witt was awarded \$2.2 million for the 2004-05 season in his arbitration hearing on Tuesday.	1
Berths in Semifinals for Two Americans On aqua-colored walls and giant blue columns, Patricia Miranda saw all she needed to see. The message was written in white inside Ano Liossia Olympic Hall, even next to the wrestling mats in case anyone forgot.	1
Now Loading... Firefox Netscape is partially responsible for the beginning of another browser (the programme you log on to the internet with) battlethe fledgling Firefox vs the mighty Microsoft.	3
Mercury Astronaut Gordon Cooper Dies at 77 (Reuters) Reuters - Gordon Cooper, one of the Mercury\Seven astronauts who helped pioneer human space exploration,\piloting the last of the Mercury missions and the troubled\Gemini 5 flight, died on Monday. He was 77.	3
What's the Deal With CarMax? Underpromising in order to overdeliver can't make up for sluggish operating results.	2
Afghan election worker, 4 others killed by bomb KABUL, Afghanistan -- A doctor helping organize Afghan elections died yesterday along with four other civilians when an explosion tore through their vehicle, police said. He was the first election worker to die in violence since the landmark vote.	0
Decision by NLRB on work rules hit The National Labor Relations Board has ruled that employers may post regulations in the workplace that critics contend will discourage workers from organizing bargaining units or engaging in other union activities.	2
PORTLAND, Ore.--(BUSINESS WIRE)1er Novembre 2004-- Un groupe de socits leaders dans le domaine de l #39;lectronique grand public et des semi-conducteurs, parmi lesquelles figurent notamment Samsung Electronics Co.	3
PSV beats struggling Ajax An in-form PSV side beat struggling Ajax in Eindhoven Sunday, in one of the most crucial meetings of the season in the Dutch league.	1
Contentious race for power Cars circle the roundabout in the center of Ramallah in no particular order, and groups of young Palestinian men hang out on a steel structure in the middle.	0
Cardinal's Good News: No News Cardinal Health took a major step toward rehabilitating itself with the release of its 10-K.	2
Group Frees US Journalist Hostage in Iraq-TV US journalist Micah Garen was on Sunday freed by an Iraqi group who had held him hostage in the southern Iraqi city of Nassiriya.  quot;I am very grateful to everyone who worked to protect me 	0
Iraq PM Adamant Jan. Election Will Be Held Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi said Sunday elections would be held on schedule in January despite a surge in violence and more than a score of hostages under threat of death from insurgents.	0
MS Word Security Flaw Reported A flaw in Microsoft Word 2000, and possibly Word 2002, could be used by hackers to crash PCs or run other code on the compromised machine.	3
Schwarzenegger Signs California Anti-Spyware Bill (Reuters) Reuters - California Gov. Arnold\Schwarzenegger signed an anti-spyware bill on Tuesday banning\unauthorized installation of deceptive software that hides in\personal computers and secretly monitors user activity.	3
Staples posts 39 jump in second-quarter profit FRAMINGHAM, MASS. -- Riding strong sales across its office products portfolio, Staples Inc. yesterday reported a 39-per-cent jump in second-quarter profit that topped Wall Street forecasts. 	2
Coca-Cola issues profit warning Coca-Cola, the world's largest maker of soft drinks, issues a profit warning blaming "challenging operating conditions in key markets".	2
Janus Finalizes Regulatory Settlement (AP) AP - Janus Capital Group Inc. said Wednesday it has finalized a  #36;226.2 million settlement with state and federal regulators over improper trading allegations, part of a scandal sweeping the  #36;7 trillion mutual funds industry.	2
Vijay turns up the heat ORLANDO (Florida): World number one and defending champion Vijay Singh was stalking joint leaders Tom Lehman and Briny Baird after the third round of the Funai Classic at the Walt Disney Resort on Saturday.	1
A statistical nod to cubicle workers They are defined as waitresses or accountants, software publishers or garbage collectors. Some pull in top dollar, some the minimum wage.	2
Roddick, Hewitt through to US Open third round Defending champion Andy Roddick of the United States stormed into the third round of the 17.8 million US dollars US Open Friday. The American big-server blasted 10 aces enroute 	1
Florida notebook: Focus on defense after loss After all, Florida is second in the Southeastern Conference and 17th nationally at 35.1 points per outing. And the Gators have put up 83 points in their last two games.	1
Dell Gets in Line To Take on iPod (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Dell (Nasdaq: DELL) wants a big piece of global sales of MP3 players and has launched a new device to take market share from Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL). But it is doubtful that Dell will be successful any time soon.	3
Notre Dame says bye to Ty Long regarded as valuing so much more than favorable scoreboards, Notre Dame joined the cold, hard college football 21st century yesterday by deciding it had lived under too many unfriendly scoreboards of late.	1
Putnam to Disclose More About Fees Mutual-fund firm Putnam Investments announced it will provide more information about its fees, brokerage commissions and executive pay as part of an effort to regain footing in the wake of the mutual-fund trading scandals.	2
Season may hinge on tonight Take one part hype, two parts anticipation and a pinch of trepidation. Sprinkle with salt and stir in bad blood. Chill for five days as a hurricane blows through.	1
Sky #39;s the limit when it comes to Sox spending If you want to get a rise out of a small-market general manager, ask him about the Red Sox being limited by their budget. Already this weekend at the winter meetings, we #39;ve 	1
Another Chance for Baseball to Settle Its Score With Drugs This article was reported by Lee Jenkins, Juliet Macur and Bill Pennington and written by Mr. Jenkins. During a year that baseball would like to forget, the scene was set for its free fall.	1
BofA to move Wealth Division to Boston Bank of America Corp. will move its Wealth and Investment Management division to its Boston offices. Of 10 senior executives that will be based in Boston, only two will come from Charlotte.	2
Mobile-Phone Ban May Be Near End Tired of listening to travelers yakking on their cell phones in the airport lounge? You may have to put up it with in the cabin too, as regulators consider scrapping rules that ban use of most wireless devices in flight. By Joanna Glasner.	3
Woods give up number one to Vijay Fame is nice. Fame gets you money, women and if you just so happen to be an athlete, your name in video games. Thousands of professional and college athletes around the country participate in these video games 	1
Oklahoma Balances Offense With Rushing (AP) AP - Kejuan Jones ran left, ran right and ran himself ragged.	1
Nissan suspends plants due to steel shortage Nissan Motor Co. Ltd., Japans second-biggest auto maker, said on Thursday it would suspend operations at three of its four domestic plants for five days each this month and next due to a shortage of steel.	2
UN probe backs Iran nuclear claim Iran has not diverted declared nuclear materials for weapons but concern remains, the UN watchdog says.	0
Pettersson feeling at home on Greensboro course Carl Pettersson will spend several hours the next three days driving to and from work. And he couldn #39;t be happier about it. Pettersson, a former NC State standout 	1
Another iPod, This One From HP The company rolls out many new products, including its version of the iPod. Also: Sprint and SBC let customers use both companies' wi-fi connections   hellip;. Regulators approve a generic form of an antinausea drug   hellip;. and more.	2
UPDATE 1-Univ. of Calif. reaches settlement with Lehman The University of California said on Friday that Lehman Brothers (LEH.N: Quote, Profile, Research) has agreed to pay \$222.5 million to settle a class action suit for the bank #39;s role in the sale Enron Corp.	2
Car Bomb in Northern Baghdad Kills Five News reports from the area Tuesday say at least five people were killed and several others wounded in the blast outside the Education Ministry building in the Azamiyah district of the capital.	0
Kostanic Upsets Maleeva at Pilot Pen (AP) AP - Jelena Kostanic outlasted Magdalena Maleeva on long rallies and took advantage of her opponent's mistakes to score an upset at the Pilot Pen tennis tournament Monday.	1
Four die in suicide attack A suspected Palestinian suicide bomber killed at least four people in Tel Aviv #39;s main market today. The Tel Aviv fire brigade said at least four people were killed in the explosion in the Carmel market in the centre of the city.	0
IBM Settles Pension Claims IBM on Wednesday said it has settled portions of an ongoing lawsuit related to its pension plan and said the potential liability for the other claims that remain on appeal is capped at \$1.	2
Nokia, Vodafone push for mobile Java standards The world #39;s largest mobile phone manufacturer and Europe #39;s largest wireless operator have launched an initiative to simplify Java standards for mobile devices in a move aimed 	3
Powerful Typhoon Hits Southern Japan (AP) AP - A powerful typhoon in southern Japan caused landslides and floods, left tens of thousands without power, and injured at least 23 people Monday. In the western part of the country, strong aftershocks rattled a region hours after two earthquakes injured 43.	0
Samsung Q3 sales, profits show strong growth Its net income during the June to September period was 2.69tr won (1.2bn), 46 up on the same period a year earlier. During the period, which is Samsung Electronics #39; fiscal third quarter, the company said 	2
Campbell agrees new deal at Highbury Sol Campbell today revealed he has agreed to sign a new long-term contract at Arsenal. The England defender expects to tie up a few loose ends over the next couple of weeks before making an official announcement 	1
Americans Show Clear Concerns on Bush Agenda Americans are optimistic about the next four years, but they have reservations about President Bush's agenda.	0
New South Wales starts strongly New South Wales, led by leg-spinner Stuart MacGill #39;s 4-57, dismissed New Zealand for 213 Thursday on the opening day of a four-day warmup match at the Sydney Cricket Ground.	1
Reyna to miss qualifiers US captain Claudio Reyna will miss the Americans #39; World Cup qualifiers against El Salvador and Panama because of injuries. Reyna hurt his left quadriceps Sept.	1
Greenspan in Focus This Week (Reuters) Reuters - Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan\will hog the limelight in financial markets this week as\investors seek clues on how quickly U.S. interest rates will\rise as soaring oil prices start to affect economic activity.	2
US, Europe Differ on How to Rebuke Iran VIENNA, Austria Sept. 15, 2004 - Differences between the United States and Europe over how firmly to deal with Iran and its suspect nuclear program have resulted in the European Union pushing recommendations that ignore American suggestions.	0
Sony, IBM and Toshiba reveal more Cell chip plans The four companies developing the Cell consumer electronics microprocessor have released first generation versions of a device not built on technology already in widespread use today.	3
VeriSign Suit Against ICANN Dismissed (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - A federal judge on Thursday dismissed an antitrust lawsuit brought by Internet registry firm VeriSign (Nasdaq: VRSN) against the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), handing VeriSign a second defeat in its dispute over the company's controversial SiteFinder service.	3
No Time Frame for Yuan Move -China  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - There is no time frame for a shift  away from Beijing's tight currency peg and the United States is  mistaken if it thinks it will reap big benefits from a move, a  top Chinese central bank official said on Sunday.	2
Texas Instruments Narrows Its 4th-Qtr Sales Forecast (Update2) Texas Instruments Inc., the world #39;s biggest maker of mobile-phone processors, narrowed its fourth- quarter sales forecast because industrial customers for its chips continue to reduce inventory.	2
Carl Zeiss in \$1.1bn deal to purchase Sola Germany #39;s Carl Zeiss, which makes binoculars, microscopes and lenses for Hasselblad cameras, said yesterday it had joined with private equity firm EQT to acquire California 	2
Nuggets snag win this time The Nuggets and the Timberwolves, who exchanged words and cheap shots in a playoff series in April, met again Thursday night at the Pepsi Center.	1
Can Skype live up to the Net phone hype? The first-year growth rate for the no-cost phone service was "sky high." Now it has to avoid a sophomore jinx.	3
US military hopeful UN hostages in Afghanistan will be released &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KABUL : A murky Taliban splinter group holding three UN hostages in Afghanistan for three weeks was silent after the hostages #39; families plead for their freedom, but the US military was hopeful they were alive and would be safely released.	0
Sun Acquiring Outsourcing Vendor SevenSpace Sun Microsystems on Monday disclosed plans to acquire SevenSpace Inc., an Ashburn, Va.-based provider of IT outsourcing and managed services.	3
Va. Licenses Could Go High Tech Virginia lawmakers are considering a futuristic plan to embed computer chips in driver's licenses, making the cards harder to counterfeit by criminals or terrorists and placing the state at the forefront of a national debate about trade-offs between security and privacy.	3
Microsoft lands US Air Force The US Air Force has awarded a multiyear contract that calls for Microsoft to consolidate 38 various software license agreements and tighten security features.	3
Small Syrian force withdraws from Lebanon as part of redeployment About 300 Syrian soldiers in a convoy of trucks and armored vehicles crossed the Lebanese border into Syria early Thursday as part of a partial troop withdrawal that began two days ago, Lebanese security officials said.	0
Stock market access to Chinese insurers BEIJING: China has given the green signal for direct investment of insurance capital in the stock market under strict supervision, the State media reported today.	2
Pakistani officials downplay Marriot Hotel blast ISN SECURITY WATCH (29/10/2004) - A powerful explosion on Tuesday in the lobby of the Pakistani capitals five-star Marriott Hotel injured 10 people, including a US diplomat and three Italian nationals.	0
Nigerian Oil Delta Peace Talks to Resume After Truce (Reuters) Reuters - Talks between a Nigerian rebel warlord\and the government will resume on Thursday to address rebel\demands for autonomy in the oil-producing Niger Delta following\a truce agreed a day earlier, the rebel leader said.	0
US airman killed in Afghan crash A US airman dies and two are hurt as a helicopter crashes due to technical problems in western Afghanistan.	0
Update: Avaya to buy German IP telephony vendor U.S. telecommunications equipment maker Avaya Inc. increased its presence in Europe to the tune of about \$635 million on Tuesday, agreeing to acquire German enterprise communications vendor Tenovis GmbH   Co. KG.	3
Championship tour rolls on For a guy who last weekend said he wasn't coming and kept tour organizers in suspense until showing up just hours before the team's charter flight was due to depart from Los Angeles, Manny Ramirez acted mighty happy to be in Japan.	1
NFL Wrap: Manning Throws 3 TDs to Lead Colts Past Titans Peyton Manning threw three touchdown passes to move closer to the all-time season record as the Indianapolis Colts routed the visiting Tennessee Titans 51-24 in the NFL on Sunday.	1
Alitalia  #39;strikes cabin crew deal #39; Alitalia appeared to clinch its final union agreement on Saturday over job and wage cuts, as cabin crews agreed to a painful restructuring needed to prevent the airline #39;s collapse, a union source said.	2
New Violence Hinders Relief Efforts in Western Sudan Even as peace talks continued in an effort to stanch the suffering in western Sudan, kidnappings, land mines and, most recently, a government crackdown on a camp 	0
Lara pleased by easy Windies win When you have spent the last two months staring grimly at your own navel, the need for a victory - any victory - assumes desperate proportions.	1
California Joins Suit Against E-Voting Vendor Diebold Stanford University professor and e-voting activist David Dill said the Diebold case fits with a national pattern that is influencing the adoption of electronic voting before its time.	3
Stewart lawyers file appeal NEW YORK (CNNfn) - Attorneys for Martha Stewart have filed an appeal in the US Court of Appeals for the Second District claiming that the process leading to her conviction was tainted.	2
Ivan batters tropics; 23 are reported dead Tourists and residents throughout the Florida Keys were sent packing Thursday to avoid the wrath of Hurricane Ivan, even as millions of people in disaster-stricken Florida struggled to pick up the pieces from Hurricanes Frances and Charley.	0
Afghan Kidnappers Ready to Negotiate Militants threatening to kill three foreign hostages said Monday they were ready to negotiate with a UN envoy, but they warned that any rescue attempt would end in bloodshed and stuck to their demands that the world body withdraw from Afghanistan and that 	0
Pires summoned to France meeting The France Football Federation (FFF) has asked Robert Pires to explain comments he made about new national team coach Raymond Domenech.	1
Crematory operator to get 12 years Ray Brent Marsh, who is to enter the plea Friday, had faced up to 8,000 years in a case that shocked the nation two years ago when investigators found hundreds of rotting corpses stacked in storage sheds and scattered in woods outside his rural northwest 	2
Coca-Cola Amatil Bids A\$500 Mln to Buy SPC Ardmona (Update4) Coca-Cola Amatil Ltd., Australia #39;s biggest soft-drink maker, offered A\$500 million (\$382 million) in cash and stock for fruit canner SPC Ardmona Ltd.	2
U.S. Furious at Proposal That Hamm Return His Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - U.S. Olympic chiefs reacted furiously  Friday to a suggestion all-round champion Paul Hamm should give  his gold medal to a South Korean rival under a plan floated by  the governing body of world gymnastics.	1
Futures Point to Pain for Stocks Reduced revenue guidance from Intel (INTC:Nasdaq - news - research) had stocks under pressure Friday ahead of the key August employment report.	2
Seau #39;s season over, decision on career next A torn pectoral muscle has ended Seau #39;s season, and perhaps his career. The Miami Dolphins linebacker will undergo an operation today in his hometown of San Diego, and he #39;ll decide later whether to return in 2005.	1
Becks relieved after Roma win Rome - David Beckham said Real Mardrid had done what they needed to after defeating Roma 3-0 here on Wednesday to book their place in the last 16 of the Champions League.	1
Chidambaram says possible to raise GDP growth to 7-8 pct (Reuters) Reuters - Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram said on Friday it was possible to raise average economic growth to 7-8 percent in the next 12 years and the country was set to become an economic superpower.	0
Ben Bova: Exciting new era dawns in space flight Oct. 4, 2004, on the 47th anniversary of Russia #39;s launch of the first artificial satellite, Sputnik, history was again made in space.	3
Sun must acquire Red Hat or Novell - analyst &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; If it knows what's good for it	3
14 Deaths Blamed on Hurricane Frances TAMPA, Fla. - Frances wound up a two-prong assault on Florida that pounded both the central part of the state and the Panhandle, leaving storm-weary residents Tuesday with flooding, frayed nerves and shortages of everyday items such as gas, ice and water...	0
Omnicom Profit Beats Wall Street View  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Omnicom Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=OMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;OMC.N&lt;/A&gt; on Tuesday  reported a quarterly profit that outpaced Wall Street  expectations as the No. 1 advertising group added high-profile  accounts and benefited from increased global ad spending.	2
Texas Instruments Plans  #36;300M Investment (AP) AP - U.S.-based chipmaker Texas Instruments Inc. said it will spend about  #36;300 million over the next three years to increase output at its facilities in the northern Philippines.	0
Delta fare plan now seems fair Delta Air Lines #39; decision to reduce fares out of Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport is good news for the region, but the key will be whether the airline is committed to sustaining the reasonable rates. 	2
Zook to replace Turner as Illini head coach Former Florida coach Ron Zook will be named Tuesday as Illinois #39; 22nd head football coach, sources told The Associated Press Monday.	1
ICANN Flips Switch on New Transfer Policy ICANN, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers, on Friday flipped the switch on a new URL transfer policy, which aims to simplify the way domain names can be moved between registrars.	3
ADB President Tadao Chino Resigns The president of the Manila-based Asian Development Bank on Tuesday announced his resignation from the multilateral bank, effective next year.	2
Lawyers Defend Wen Ho Lee Reporters (AP) AP - An Associated Press reporter and four other journalists shouldn't be punished for keeping secret the names of sources for stories about Wen Ho Lee, a former nuclear weapons scientist once suspected of spying, their lawyers told a federal judge Wednesday.	0
Postal Workers Set for Bonus after Finances Boost Postal workers are on course for an 800 bonus after the Royal Mail today reported a huge improvement in its finances and more reliable deliveries.	2
Lakers' Bryant Would Apologize to Shaq (AP) AP - Lakers star Kobe Bryant wants to apologize to former teammate Shaquille O'Neal for mentioning his name during a police interview last year.	1
Filipinos killed in market bomb blast Manila: An explosion rocked a market packed with Christmas shoppers in the southern Philippines yesterday, killing at least 13 people and injuring 52, the military said.	0
Genentech Posts 50 Percent Rise in Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Genentech Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DNA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DNA.N&lt;/A&gt; on Wednesday  posted a 50 percent rise in quarterly profit and raised its  full-year earnings forecast on strong sales of its new colon  cancer drug, sending its shares higher in after-hours trading.	2
Crocodile Husbandry Is Really Hard, China Finds China hoped to become a highly competitive producer of crocodile meat, hides and shoes, but that dream has been difficult to realize.	3
MEPs to decide commission's fate The European Parliament is set to hold a debate as it prepares to decide the fate of the incoming commission.	0
When a Utility Saves Money, Who Benefits? Customers of investor-owned electric utilities must cover all the expenses of these legal monopolies in the rates they pay. But what happens when a utility owner 	2
At 3-0, Mora #39;s Falcons Get Tested Sunday The seven new head coaches hired around the league this past offseason included a Hall of Famer (Joe Gibbs), a two-time AFC championship game participant (Tom Coughlin) and a two-time NFC title-game entrant (Dennis Green).	1
Sox named Sportsmen of Year by SI com. After vanquishing a so-called curse to win the World Series, the Red Sox don #39;t figure to have any problems with the fabled Sports Illustrated cover jinx.	1
Camacho likely to quit as reports reveal Jose Antonio Camacho might quit as Real Madrid coach on Monday after offering his resignation to clubpresident Florentino Perez, Spanish media reported.	1
Stocks Tumble; Greenspan Jolts Investors  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks fell sharply on Friday as  investors were jolted by a \$2 jump in oil prices and a warning  from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan that the dollar  had further to fall.	2
Exchange That Funky Gift Card If a plastic card that gives you credit for something you don't want isn't your idea of a great gift, you can put it up for sale or swap.	3
Microsoft delays WinFS even more WinFS is perhaps one of the most awaited feature from the Microsoft stable after Longhorn was announced. Microsoft says that it has been their dream to come out with something like WinFS and completely change the way file system works.	3
Jaguars get jump on Bears JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Byron Leftwich threw two touchdown passes and the Jacksonville defense constantly harassed Chad Hutchinson in the Jaguars #39; 22-3 victory over the injury-depleted Chicago Bears yesterday.	1
Global Crossing cuts 600 jobs, announces Q1, Q2 results Telecommunications network vendor Global Crossing cut its workforce by 600 workers, or about 15 of its global employees, as it continues to right itself about a year after emerging from bankruptcy.	3
Mars Express Sees Chaos in the Canyon The adage in space science is that one person's noise is another's signal. When the sun temporarily blocked Earth-Mars links, the orbital and surface science went into a deep sleep to protect from noise becoming a errant signal...	3
Pacer-turned-spinner Kumble betters Kapil #39;s 434-wkt tally (PROFILE &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sports India, Cricket: New Delhi, Dec 10 : For a person, who bowled fast before switching to leg-spin, Anil Kumble has travelled a long way to become India #39;s top wicket taker in Tests Friday taking his 435th scalp against Bangladesh.	1
Daily Forex Commentary Australia #39;s commodity exports are expected to soar to a record 96 billion Australian dollars (US\$67 billion) in the current financial year, a national forecaster said in a report Monday.	2
UN-funded agency releases free Linux user manual The International Open Source Network (IOSN), an organization funded by the United Nations, has released a beginner #39;s manual for the Linux desktop.	3
Liberals face one-year election anniversary dogged by "promise breakers" label (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - TORONTO (CP) - A year ago Liberal Leader Dalton McGuinty solemnly pledged to Ontarians in prime-time TV election ads that he would make Ontario a better place - without raising taxes.	0
NASA Cassini Image: Titan #39;s Dark Terrain This view from Cassini #39;s second close flyby of Titan on Dec. 13, 2004 shows bright material within the large dark region west of Xanadu.	3
Brits and Foreigners Are Mad About the Hatter (Reuters) Reuters - What did Lord Nelson, Princess Diana and\Madonna all have in common apart from popularity?	0
Inzy proves hard to please Captain Inzamam-ul-Haq said Pakistan still had room for improvement after knocking India out of the Champions Trophy at Edgbaston.	1
Hodge in for injured Ponting Almost a year ago, Brad Hodge wondered if he might be another Jamie Siddons -  quot;a good player but unfortunately didn #39;t get a chance at the next level quot;.	1
Anaheim Claims Sweep The red hot Angels completed their first sweep of the Yankees since the 1999 season with a 4-3 win, their fifth straight, Sunday in New York.	1
Savor Beltran while he #39;s hot HOUSTON -- The attitude of every team in the postseason is: concentrate on today and let tomorrow take care of itself. That would be a good strategy for baseball-watchers, too, especially when they watch Carlos Beltran.	1
Two Sentenced to Death for USS Cole Attack SAN'A, Yemen - A Yemeni judge sentenced two men to death and four others to prison terms ranging from five to 10 years Wednesday, the first convictions and sentences for the 2000 suicide bombing of the USS Cole, an attack blamed on Osama bin Laden's terror network.    Saudi-born Abd al-Rahim al-Nashiri, who is in U.S...	0
McCormack #39;s sports empire sold for 390m IMG, the sports and celebrity management group that lists Wimbledon champion Maria Sharapova and golfer Tiger Woods among its clients, was yesterday sold for \$700m (390m).	2
Head of the Chiefs Plays Second Fiddle Air Force Gen. Richard B. Myers pays a visit to troops in Iraq, but model Leeann Tweeden steals the show.	0
Lunar Eclipse Expected Tonight Forecasts for mostly cloudy skies in the Washington area this evening could thwart hopes of seeing tonight #39;s lunar eclipse. But Elizabeth Warner, director of the University of Maryland Observatory 	3
Police have no suspects in killings of elderly couple Detectives say they have no witnesses or suspects in the murder of an elderly couple killed in an apparent robbery at their Christian bookstore.	2
IMF Sees Robust U.S. Growth (Reuters) Reuters - Robust U.S. economic growth will\likely continue into 2005, but authorities should cut the\budget deficit to reduce the risk to growth, International\Monetary Fund Managing Director Rodrigo Rato said.	2
Broken thumb sidelines Payton Results of X-rays on Gary Payton's right hand revealed a non-displaced fracture in the point guard's right thumb. Payton did not play last night against the Pistons and had the top of his thumb bandaged, but the Celtics expect him to play in the season opener against the Philadelphia 76ers Wednesday night at the FleetCenter. It could be his first ...	1
Fueling gains Please read this first: Following is an independent investment commentary and analysis from the Reuters.com investment channel expressing views that are not connected with Reuters News.	2
Maryland runs circles around Memphis COM. If Maryland is the sixth-best team in the ACC, then the league has teams capable of competing in the NBA, baby! The Terps put on a clinic in beating a talented Memphis team at the Hall of Fame Tip-Off Classic.	1
New York Says Best Asset in 2012 Bid Is City Itself  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York's best asset in its bid to  host the 2012 Olympics is the city itself, campaign leader  Daniel Doctoroff said on Wednesday.	1
Presidential plans fail on good-tax basics If taxes are the price of civilization, election year is the time for bargain hunting. Over the past few months, President Bush and Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass.	2
Gunmen Kidnap Three Members of Allawi #39;s Family BAGHDAD, Nov. 10- Gunmen kidnapped a first cousin of interim Iraqi Prime Minister Ayad Allawi and two other members of his extended family from their Baghdad home on Tuesday, an Allawi spokesman said Wednesday morning.	0
EU Wants to Make Internet Safe for Children The European Union has launched a 45 million euro (\$60 million) plan to protect children from pornography and racist sites when they surf the Internet.	3
Peace in Straits hard to achieve, but essential When the leaders of the People #39;s Republic of China insist that the pre-condition for the peaceful resolution of the decades-long face-off across the Taiwan Strait can only be  quot;one China, quot; they are making it quite clear that  quot;unification, quot; and not peace 	0
In Falluja, Young Marines Saw the Savagery of an Urban War A close-up chronicle of the most sustained period of street-to-street fighting that Americans have encountered since the Vietnam War.	0
AMD to demonstrate dual-core chips Aiming to deflate archrival Intel, Advanced Micro Devices this week will show off its dual-core chips, which will start to trickle out toward the middle of next year.	3
Packers Fans Okay with McKenzie Trade Mike McKenzie wanted out of Green Bay. It was a trade many fans wanted as well. The cornerback #39;s trade to the New Orleans Saints was the talk of the day Monday among Packers fans, who are eager 	1
U.S. Pressed Halliburton in Kuwaiti Deal  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. ambassador to Kuwait and  other senior U.S. officials put pressure on Halliburton &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt;  to award a contract to a Kuwaiti company suspected of  overcharging to bring fuel into Iraq, according to State  Department documents released on Wednesday.	2
Angry Safin Upset by Call, Llodra Marat Safin lost his temper and his quarterfinal at the St. Petersburg Open on Friday, getting surprised by seventh-seeded Michael Llodra 6-4, 6-1 after protesting a line call.	1
Arctic's toxic burden harms bears New evidence confirms the damage toxic chemicals are causing to the health of polar bears, conservationists say.	3
Dinosaur slept in bird-like pose LONDON - Fossil hunters have gained a glimpse of a new species of dinosaur catching some zzz #39;s. The 130-million-year old Mei long, which means  quot;soundly sleeping dragon, quot; was found near Beipiao City in Liaoning province, northeastern China.	3
Sensational Saytiev wrestles back to the top Russia #39;s Buvaysa Saytiev has confirmed his status as an all-time wrestling great by winning a second Olympic gold medal, eight years after his first victory in Atlanta.	1
Russian Alien Spaceship Claims Raise Eyebrows, Skepticism (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - An expedition of Russian researchers claims to have found evidence that an \  alien spaceship had something to do with a huge explosion over Siberia in 1908. \  Experts in asteroids and comets have long said the massive blast was caused \  by a space rock.	3
Latest Linux Vulnerabilities Get Patches (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Graphics library and kernel functions are open to attack, but the current Linux kernel addresses the problems.	3
New German Mobile Phone to Detect Bad Breath (Reuters) Reuters - A German telecommunications company said\on Tuesday it is developing the first mobile phone that will\alert users when their breath is bad or if they are giving off\offensive smells.	3
Gunfire erupts in Haiti, Powell  amp; entourage safe WASHINGTON - Gunfire erupted outside Haiti #39;s presidential palace in Port-au-Prince on Wednesday as US Secretary of State Colin Powell met with senior Haitian officials, CNN reported.	0
GOP Protesters Refused Use of Central Park (AP) AP - A federal judge ruled Monday that two protest groups cannot use New York City's Central Park as a site for a demonstration days before the Republican National Convention.	0
Red Sox, Yankees Renew Rivalry at Stadium (AP) AP - The last time the Boston Red Sox visited Yankee Stadium, Derek Jeter was hurtling headfirst into the stands, Nomar Garciaparra was sulking in the dugout and New York was pulling away in the AL East. A lot has changed since then.	1
With Pieces in Place, the Yankees Slip Up The pieces had fallen into place perfectly for the Yankees. Orlando Hernndez, who had not only been a perfect 5-0 for the team, but also good enough that the Yankees were 	1
NASA Researchers, Stunt Pilots Prepare for Genesis Probe #39;s Return A team of NASA (news - web sites) scientists, navigators and helicopter stunt pilots is ready to snatch a space sample canister out of the sky next month when the Genesis spacecraft returns to Earth.	3
Former great Maradona cleared to continue rehab CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Soccer legend Diego Maradona will return to Cuba to continue his drug rehabilitation with the permission of a federal judge.	1
US, Iraq to probe missing N-equipment Washington has said it will join Baghdad in a full investigation into missing machinery from Iraq #39;s nuclear facilities, and Iraq #39;s science minister has invited UN inspectors to the country.	0
Vaughan #39;s England stun Aussies with Trophy win Michael Vaughan found his one-day feet at last as England upset Australia by six wickets on Tuesday to reach the Champions Trophy final.	1
British troops return to southern Iraq after mission near Baghdad LONDON - Hundreds of British troops returned to their base in southern Iraq yesterday, ending a monthlong deployment requested by the United States for an offensive in a restive region near Baghdad.	0
Dell builds business service center in China More round-the-clock centers to provide service and support for business customers are planned for Europe and Japan.	3
British Airways Hikes Ticket Prices on Oil British Airways announced Friday that it was increasing its fuel surcharge on both short-haul and long-haul flight tickets because of rising oil prices.	2
Monster Park elicits shiver Losing 34-0 Sunday to the Seattle Seahawks, which included the end of the longest shutout-free streak in the NFL, apparently was not enough humiliation for the San Francisco 49ers.	1
17 dead or missing, hundreds hurt in Japan's deadliest quakes in decade (AFP) AFP - Japan was on edge after powerful earthquakes left 17 people dead or missing, injured hundreds and derailed a bullet train for the first time in history, within days of the country's worst typhoon in a quarter century.	0
The Limits Of Tolerance After an outspoken filmmaker is murdered on an Amsterdam street and a Muslim arrested for his killing, the Dutch question their liberal tradition	0
iTunes Downloads Hit 150-Million Mark Apple #39;s iTunes music-download service sold its 150 millionth song on Thursday. The service, launched in April 2003, now is selling more than 4 million tracks a week, Apple says.	3
Cozying up to Syria Despite Bush Administration rhetoric, the U.S. sits down with Syria's leadership	0
Lucent Reaches Tentative Deal with Unions Lucent Technologies Inc. said on Tuesday it has reached a tentative agreement with the unions representing 10 percent of the telecommunications equipment maker #39;s work force.	2
Famous Blacks Get Out the Vote in Florida (AP) AP - Black actors including LeVar Burton and Alfre Woodard will join members of Congress crisscrossing Florida by bus this weekend to try to get out the vote for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.	0
Gannett Reads Well Three months ago, Gannett (NYSE: GCI) posted second-quarter numbers that helped confirm the belief that a long-awaited rebound in advertising spending was well underway.	2
Cendant plans to buy travel website CHICAGOTravel and real estate heavyweight Cendant Corp. yesterday said it will buy travel website Orbitz Inc. for about \$1.25 billion (US), making it the second-largest competitor in the online travel industry.	2
Ravens' Lewis Pleads Guilty to Drug Charge ATLANTA - Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis will be sentenced to four months in federal prison and two months in a halfway house after pleading guilty Thursday to a lesser charge in a federal drug conspiracy case.    Under the deal with prosecutors, Lewis would serve his sentence during the NFL offseason...	0
Chrysler recalling 240,100 minivans DETROIT - Chrysler is recalling 240,000 minivans because the radios may short circuit and cause a fire, the automaker said Monday.	2
Bush to Highlight Tort Reform in Ill. (AP) AP - A little county with a reputation for big lawsuits  #151; some call it a "judicial hellhole"  #151; is getting a visit from a man who wants to make it much tougher to sue somebody.	0
UPDATE 2-US Airways talks with pilots collapse - union Negotiations between US Airways (UAIR.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and its pilots union over a new round of steep concessions collapsed on Monday, heightening 	2
Huskies line up to score One line did most of the work as the Northeastern men's hockey team defeated Merrimack, 5-1, in a Hockey East contest last night in North Andover.	1
Unilever Issues Profit Warning Unilever PLC, the Anglo-Dutch consumer products giant, reduced its outlook for the year on Monday, citing poor weather, weak consumer confidence in Europe and tough competition in Asia.	2
Eight More Bodies Found in Mosul (AP) AP - U.S. troops discovered eight more bodies in the restive northern Iraqi city of Mosul, bringing the number of bodies found there since Nov. 10 to more than 150, the U.S. military said Tuesday.	0
SlipStream, Opera Enhance Browser (Article Central) Opera Software and SlipStream Data announced on Thursday that they have integrated the Opera browser with SlipStream #39;s Web and email acceleration technology.	3
Fark Sells Out. France Surrenders Blogs are the hottest thing on the Net, but are they messing with traditional publishing principles? One of the most popular, Fark.com, is allegedly selling links. Is it the wave of the future? By Daniel Terdiman.	2
Stanford wins, Minnesota upends champion USC in volleyball semis Led by All-American Ogonna Nnamani, the Stanford women #39;s volleyball team defeated Washington 3-1 in the NCAA semifinals at Long Beach Arena last night.	1
Israelis accuse Egyptian officials of being slow to take action EILAT (Israel) - Thousands of frightened Israeli tourists rushed back home yesterday, streaming into Eilat just across the border, after the deadly hotel bombing in Taba, Egypt.	0
Mars Rovers #39; Mission Extends with New Goals, New Funding The Mars rovers emerged from a communications blackout period and the low point of winter today with new funding and big plans for the journey ahead.	3
Ovitz says Disney dissed his dreams Once labeled the most powerful man in Hollywood, Michael Ovitz portrayed himself yesterday as a victim whose every move at Disney was thwarted by his boss, Michael Eisner.	2
It will take four months to get it right says Benitez Liverpool boss Rafael Benitez said it will take up to four months before they have a strong team following their 1-0 Premiership defeat at Bolton where their Spanish debutants were on show.	1
Scientists Find Arctic Warming Quickly (AP) AP - Scientists say changes in the earth's climate from human influences are occurring particularly intensely in the Arctic region, evidenced by widespread melting of glaciers, thinning sea ice and rising permafrost temperatures.	3
Feds McTeer tapped to head Texas A amp;M - FRX ECO INDUSAFIN ENG  2004-10-13 22:22:02 Fed #39;s McTeer tapped to head Texas A amp;M - UPDATE 1 WASHINGTON (AFX) -- Robert McTeer, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, said he would retire from his post if named, as 	2
iTunes Affiliate Program iTunes is the first download music store to offer direct links to a la carte singles and albums that generate paid commissions to affiliate websites. The iTunes Affiliate Program will complement successful iTunes programs including iTunes on Campus, offering free site licenses to colleges and universities, and the iTunes Volume Discount Program, providing bulk song downloads at a discount. Sep 1	3
Orlovsky not bitter at BC UConn senior quarterback Dan Orlovsky has admitted that he probably would have gone to Boston College if offered a scholarship. But 	1
Bacteria gives coral orange glow Orange coral common to the Caribbean has bacteria to thank for its hue, say US marine scientists.	3
Lawrence Dallaglio factfile 1995: In October, takes over Wasps captaincy when Rob Andrew leaves for Newcastle. Makes Test debut in November, coming on as a replacement for Tim Rodber against South Africa at Twickenham.	1
Looking for Revenge Against Panthers, the Eagles Get Some Respect &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Holding the Carolina Panthers scoreless for the first 57 minutes, the Eagles remained the lone undefeated team in the National Football Conference, cruising to a 30-8 victory on Sunday at Lincoln Financial Field.	1
Junta tries to vilify and isolate Daw Aung San Suu Kyi &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A Western diplomat based in Burmas capital Rangoon told DVB that there has been no official statement from the military junta, State Peace and Development Council (SPDC) on the expelling of Daw Aung San Suu Kyis bodyguards, and added that the 	0
Brazil appeals for gold Brazilian sports officials blamed inadequate security for a defrocked priest's bizarre attack on the Olympic marathon leader, and said yesterday they will appeal to world track authorities for a duplicate gold medal.	1
EU Court to Revisit WorldCom's Deals  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A European Union court is set to rule  this week on a \$120 billion deal MCI-WorldCom made during the  height of the go-go years that still resonates today.	2
NFL Wrap: Manning Wins MVP Battle as Colts Overcome Titans (Reuters) Reuters - Peyton Manning threw for 254 yards and\two touchdowns to win his showdown with fellow co-MVP Steve\McNair as the Indianapolis Colts beat the Tennessee Titans\31-17 in National Football League play at Nashville on Sunday.	1
Sudan Government's Attacks Stoke Rebels' Fury Much of the responsibility for the growth of insurgency in the Sudan lies with the Arab-led government in Khartoum.	0
Tax bill hits Russian mobile firm Mobile operator Vimpelcom is the latest Russian firm to be hit with a heavy bill for back taxes	2
Canon #39;s digital delight Almost a year old, the Canon Powershot A80 is due to hit the stock-clearance bins soon, offering great value for a 4.0 Megapixel top-name digital camera.	3
Europe gets first  #39;better than 3G #39; mobile trial AMSTERDAM: Europe #39;s second largest mobile carrier T-Mobile said yesterday it had started the continent #39;s first trial of US-based Flarion #39;s high-speed wireless internet in the Dutch city of The Hague.	3
Chinese deputy Prime Minister attacks  #39;Bush doctrine #39; BEIJING: On the eve of the US Presidential poll, one of the key architects of China #39;s foreign policy lashed out at the controversial  quot;Bush doctrine quot; of pre-emptive strikes, the  quot;catastrophic quot; war on Iraq.	0
Bjorn challenges but falls shorts THOMASTOWN, Ireland -- Ernie Els held off a strong challenge from playing partner Thomas Bjorn to win the American Express Championship by one shot Sunday.	1
Taiwan opposition demands evidence on Chen's "soft coup" allegations (AFP) AFP - Taiwan opposition leaders have demanded President Chen Shui-bian provide evidence for his repeated allegations that military generals had plotted a "soft coup" in collaboration with rival China to cripple his government.	0
Funk gets out of his funk CROMWELL, Conn. -- While three other members of this years Ryder Cup team pulled out of the Buick Championship, Fred Funk chose to keep his commitment.	1
Controversial Dutch filmmaker shot dead AMSTERDAM - Dutch filmmaker Theo van Gogh, who had received threats over a controversial film he made about Islam, was shot and stabbed to death while cycling on an Amsterdam street, officials said Tuesday.	0
Russia pays \$63m in debts to IMF RBC, 19.11.2004, Moscow 10:54:13.The Russian Finance Ministry has paid \$63.2m in debts to the International Monetary Fund today, the Finance Ministry reported to RBC.	2
HP to stop using Intel Itanium chips HP announced that it will discontinue the use of Intel Itanium microprocessors due to the limited demand in the market from its customers.	3
Aetna Posts \$1.29 Billion in Earnings  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Aetna Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AET.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AET.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted a  steep rise in quarterly profit as the health insurer boosted  its forecast for the rest of this year and gave a 2005 profit  estimate above analysts' views, pushing shares up 5 percent.	2
Utes spread the wealth With quarterback Alex Smith at the controls, unbeaten Utah is second in the nation in scoring. Utah #39;s offensive architects don #39;t take credit for reinventing the spread, the veer, option football or the wheel, for that matter.	1
Pension Promise No Guarantee of Security With just eight years to go, Steve Derebey had been eyeing his mandatory retirement age with something close to relief.	2
The deafening sound of the seas The  crescendo of noise in the oceans is interfering with marine mammal communication, campaigners say.	0
Intel whacks mobile chip prices Intel cut the prices of its premier mobile chips by up to a third on Sunday, as it prepares for the holiday season. The Santa Clara, Calif.	3
Europeans Fail to Agree on Tax Breaks European Union finance ministers failed early Thursday to agree on tax breaks to ease the impact of high oil prices despite sharp prodding from France and dire warnings that they are threatening economic growth.	2
Astronomers give Milky Way an age Astronomers have estimated the age of our galaxy at about 13,600 million years old.	3
Reserve infielder likely out for season The Braves likely lost reserve infielder Mark DeRosa for the rest of the season after he injured his right knee trying to make a throw in Atlanta #39;s 1-0 win over Florida on Saturday night.	1
Pitt erupts in second half, routs Duquesne, 87-57 The annual  quot;City Game, quot; matching Pittsburgh against cross-town rival Duquesne, has not been much of a game in recent years with the Panthers dominating 	1
Margaret Hassan Believed Dead The family of Margaret Hassan, the 59-year-old aid worker kidnapped in Iraq last month, said Tuesday they believed she was dead.	0
Oracle to drop PeopleSoft suit if tender fails Oracle Corp. notified Delaware's Court of Chancery of plans to drop a lawsuit pending there against PeopleSoft Inc. if PeopleSoft shareholders reject Oracle's tender offer. The notification is a sign that Oracle is serious about its current offer being the final one.	3
Muncie to Get 300 New Jobs (Muncie) - Governor Joe Kernan announced a deal Friday that will lead to a new auto parts factory in Delaware County. Magna Drivetrain will create more than 300 jobs.	2
Bucks sign Goldwire to replace James Free-agent guard Anthony Goldwire signed Wednesday with the Milwaukee Bucks after Mike James was placed on the injured list. James, who was expected to start at point guard, has a rib injury.	1
PalmOne Unveils Wi-Fi SD Card If you own a Zire 72 or Tungsten T3 and have been longing for better wireless connectivity than their built-in Bluetooth, help is on the way: PalmOne has announced a Wi-Fi SD card for those handhelds. 	3
Visteon pays employees to buy Ford cars, aid race with Chevy VAN BUREN TOWNSHIP, Mich. - Visteon Corp. is offering its 8,100 white-collar employees \$1,000 cash bonuses to buy Ford Motor Co. vehicles and boost its largest customer and former parent company in its race with General Motors Corp.	2
Time Running Out in Fallujah, Warns Allawi BAGHDAD, 1 November 2004 - Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi warned time was running out for peace in Fallujah as the US military continued to target suspected insurgents yesterday.	0
Apple snaps at Vaio Pocket with iPod Photo Apple today peeled the wraps off its latest iPod, promising that the iPod Photo will allow customers to take their entire music and photo library with them wherever they go.	3
Virgin Mary sandwich? This image of a cheese sandwich was taken from the www.ebay.com Web site. Sandwich owner Diana Duyser, of Hollywood, put the sandwich up for sale last week, drawing bids as high as \$22,000 before eBay pulled the item Sunday night.	3
After Cutting Its Phone Prices, Nokia Raises Its Outlook Nokia raised its outlook for third-quarter sales and earnings, apparently benefiting from an unusual decision to cut its handset prices.	3
Cape Clear boosts business processes in ESB Cape Clear Software this week is upgrading its ESB with the release of Cape Clear 6, enabling development of business process workflows based on BPEL.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;	3
McClaren Hails  quot;Special quot; Boro Middlesbrough manager Steve McClaren was blown away by the Riverside club #39;s dominating performance Thursday evening against Lazio.	1
Shock Jocks Boost Satellite Radio Profile (AP) AP - When radio shock jocks Opie and Anthony considered their next career move after two firings in four years, the twisted twosome was ready to feign rehabilitation. Or at least that was the plan when they sat down with satellite radio executives.	3
Eastman Kodak to Close Australia Plant Eastman Kodak Co., the world #39;s largest maker of photographic film, said Thursday that it will close a plant in Coburg, Australia at the end of November, affecting a total of about 600 employees at the plant and associated operations.	2
Chiefs outlast Titans, 49-38 nfl roundup NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- A phantom penalty and a nine-yard touchdown catch by Eddie Kennison on Monday night lifted the Kansas City Chiefs past the Tennessee Titans, 49-38.	1
Update 1: Casino Reaches Tentative Deal With Workers A union representing 10,000 striking casino-hotel workers tentatively agreed to a new contract late Monday, ending a bitter month-old walkout that disrupted casino operations, made gamblers sleep in unmade beds and put rank-and-file workers onto noisy 	2
Hollywood pilots fail to catch sun WASHINGTON: NASA #39;s Genesis space capsule slammed into the Utah desert Wednesday after its parachutes failed, leaving doubts if its invaluable cargo of microcosmic solar dust survived the journey to Earth.	3
Dollar Holds Firm Before CPI, Philly Fed The dollar kept close to the previous session #39;s one-week highs against the euro and Swiss franc on Thursday, holding steady as investors awaited US data to confirm fresh signs of strength in US manufacturing.	2
Microsoft Makes Another Antitrust Deal (PC World) PC World - Software giant settles with Novell and the CCIA, ending years of legal wrangling.	3
Microsofts spam plan rejected Microsoft Corp has released a patch for its latest critical rated security flaw affecting its Windows, Office and developer tools software programmes.	3
Mosque bomb kills 3 in Pakistan LAHORE, Pakistan -- A bomb has exploded at a Shiite mosque in downtown Lahore, killing three people and wounding several others, police sources told CNN.	0
Trojans give a quick hook to longtime coach Southern Cal fired Henry Bibby as coach Monday just four games into his ninth season. Athletic director Mike Garrett said he realized the timing was unusual but cited the Trojans #39; losing record in recent seasons.	1
US forces pound Falluja US forces have stepped up pressure on Iraqi fighters in Falluja, using AC-130 aircraft and tanks to pound eastern and northwestern areas of the town.	0
Sensitive talks begin to free UN hostages KABULFace-to-face talks began on Saturday between Afghan militants holding Angelito Nayan and two other UN workers hostage and representatives of the Afghan government and the United Nations, a member of the militant group told Reuters.	0
Sailing away Please read this first: Following is an independent investment commentary and analysis from the Reuters.com investment channel expressing views that are not connected with Reuters News.	2
Rae got what he deserved - Dadu The player kicked in the head by Alex Rae believes the five-match ban imposed on the Rangers midfielder was just. 	1
Oil Ends Above \$55 on Winter Supply Fears  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices broke above \$55 a barrel on  Tuesday as concern lingered over thin world heating oil  supplies ahead of the northern winter.	2
THIS WEEKS COLTS OPPONENT Colts.com. Synopsis: The Colts, in their first game of the season, will play the team they faced in their last game last season: the New England Patriots.	1
ST Telemedia, TM International to acquire 48 per cent stake in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Singapore Technologies Telemedia (ST Telemedia) and TM International, the international investment arm of Telekom Malaysia (together as a Consortium), have entered into definitive agreements to acquire a 47.7 per cent stake in IDEA Cellular (IDEA 	2
Market ends at record OFFSHORE gains drove the share market to record levels today, albeit on lower than average volume because of little trade in three states which are having public holidays today.	2
Microsoft to Offer New Windows Flavor for Retail Market Just as it is doing with its Windows client software, Microsoft Corp. is developing customized variants of its Windows Embedded operating system for specific markets.	2
Ruined blood sample means Hamilton will keep medal THE GAZETTE. Cyclist Tyler Hamilton gets to keep his Olympic gold medal because his backup blood sample was ruined in a botched lab procedure, the International Olympic Committee said Thursday.	1
Russia: Accidental Blast Led to Siege End MOSCOW - The militants who raided a school in southern Russia last week were led by a man dubbed the Colonel, who enforced obedience by killing three fellow attackers - two by detonating the explosives they had strapped to their bodies.    Two days later, the attackers were moving the explosives they rigged around the gym where hundreds of hostages were held, and a bomb went off accidentally...	0
Merck #39;s FDA Delay, Pfizer #39;s Problem NEW YORK - In a capstone to the withdrawal of Vioxx, the US Food and Drug Administration has decided to delay the approval of successor drug Arcoxia until more safety data are available.	2
N.Korea Blast Cause Unclear But Many Theories (Reuters) Reuters - An accident at an underground munitions\depot or a weapons factory was the likely cause of a huge\explosion in North Korea last week, and there were possibly two\blasts, South Korean media reports said on Monday.	0
Corporations too trusting of Indian security ERNST AND YOUNG #39;S the Global Information Security Survey is just the latest to survey senior management #39;s cluelessness when it comes to IT and are far too trusting when it comes to Indian outsourcing, it alleges.	3
China-Japan tensions over mysterious submarine ELEANOR HALL: Diplomatic tensions erupted between China and Japan this week over a mystery submarine in Japanese waters. The Japanese Government had blamed the Chinese for the incursion.	0
Hurricane Ivan set to bring giant seas to Gulf of Mexico Surfersvillage Global Surf News, 13 September 2004: - - Hurricane Ivan, one of the most powerful storms to ever hit the Caribbean, killed at least 16 people in Jamaica, where it wrecked houses and washed away roads on Saturday, but appears to have spared 	0
Payless ShoeSource to restructure as August same-store sales fall Footwear retailer Payless ShoeSource Inc. said Thursday it will restructure its operations and cut jobs in a move to reduce administrative expenses by about \$12 million a year.	2
Nokia earmarks millions to build new plant in India Nokia, the world's largest handset maker, is investing up to \$150 million over the next four years to establish a manufacturing facility in India, it announced Wednesday.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/solaris;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12204780;10550054;n?http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;12165994;10522295;g?http://www.sun.com/solaris10"&gt;Solaris 10(TM) OS: Position your business ten moves ahead.&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Solaris 10 OS has arrived and provides even more\reasons for the world's most demanding businesses\to operate on this, the leading UNIX platform.\Like the fact you can run Linux and Solaris applications\side-by-side and run the same OS on SPARC(R),\AMD Opteron(TM), and Intel processor-based systems.\Discover more reasons and how Solaris 10 OS can move\your business ahead today.&lt;/p&gt;	3
South Africa win by nine wickets Birmingham, Sept. 12 (PTI): South Africa defeated Bangladesh by nine wickets in a Group B league match of the ICC Champions Trophy one-day cricket tournament at Edgbaston here today.	1
S.Korea on Alert After Purported Al Qaeda Warning (Reuters) Reuters - South Korea put its security forces on\alert after Muslims were urged to resist the United States and\its allies around the world in an audio tape believed to be\from al Qaeda's deputy leader, local media said Saturday.	0
Tata signs Ferrari Formula One deal Ferrari has signed Tata Consultancy Services, India #39;s largest software company, to provide technology and engineering services for the Italian team #39;s vehicle in next year #39;s Formula One season.	2
For Colvin, it's hip hip hooray For so long, linebacker Rosevelt Colvin couldn't do what he wanted, couldn't play football. Now, he feels he can do whatever his coach wants him to.	1
Mutilated Western Woman #39;s Body Found in Fallujah American marines found the mutilated body of a Western woman as they searched for militants still holding out in Fallujah, the former Sunni insurgent stronghold.	0
McCain Calls for Tougher Testing Policy Senator John McCain plans to introduce legislation requiring Major League Baseball players to be tested for steroids.	1
England complete whitewash Bulawayo: England bowled out Zimbabwe to win their fourth ODI by 74 runs on Sunday to complete a 4-0 series whitewash. Darren Gough took four for 34 as England bowled out the hosts for 187, having set them a victory target of 262.	1
Musharraf formula not for India: Aziz India News New Delhi, Nov 24 Giving a decent burial to Gen Pervez Musharraf #39;s controversial seven-region formula on Kashmir, India and Pakistan today decided to operationalise the much talked about Srinagar-Muzaffarabad bus service as early as possible and hold the 	0
Protester killed during Sichuan demonstration At least one man was killed in a protest in China #39;s southwestern province of Sichuan, a resident said, in the second violent demonstration to hit rural China in the past week.	0
Oil prices climb in London, New York shut LONDON (AFP) - Oil prices rose over worries about a possible supply shortage of US heating oil stocks during the northern hemisphere winter.	2
Commonwealth Bank Affirms EPS Growth at Least 10 Through 2006 Commonwealth Bank of Australia, the nation #39;s second-largest lender, reiterated its forecast for compound annual growth in per-share operating profit of at least 10 percent in the next two years.	2
AOL Develops Desktop Search According to sources familiar with testing, America Online Inc. is developing its own desktop search technology that will initially be added to the AOL Browser beta as early as the end of this week.	3
Bush, Kerry Open Final Month Even in Cash (AP) AP - President Bush and John Kerry began October neck and neck in campaign cash, each with just under half of the  #36;75 million in government money they received to cover campaign costs.	0
Tropical Storm Jeanne Forms in Atlantic (AP) AP - Tropical Storm Jeanne formed Tuesday in the Atlantic Ocean and was expected to hit Puerto Rico with strong wind and heavy rain by Wednesday morning.	0
Faulty Switch Installation Blamed for NASA Genesis Crash After re-entering the earth #39;s atmosphere, Genesis plunged straight down into the ground, leaving no chance for the helicopters that were supposed to snatch it from the air.	3
Brazil Laundering Probe Stings Bankers, Politicians  BRASILIA, Brazil (Reuters) - A Brazilian congressional  probe accused 91 people, including a former central bank chief  and an ex-mayor of Sao Paulo, on Tuesday of involvement in  suspected laundering of money from drug trafficking, smuggling  and other crimes.	0
Russians seek Hamilton #39;s gold MOSCOW The Russian Olympic Committee has asked the Court of Arbitration for Sport to strip Tyler Hamilton of his Olympic cycling gold medal and award it to Vyacheslav Ekimov.	1
Bristol-Myers to Seek Over-The-Counter OK Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. said Friday that it plans to pursue Food and Drug Administration approval to sell an over-the-counter version of its cholesterol-lowering drug, Pravachol.	2
Ballmer: iPods packed with stolen tunes LONDON--Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer, speaking to a gathering of reporters here, didn #39;t pass up the opportunity to take several digs at archrival Apple Computer.	3
Shaq Leads Heat Past Bucks 101-96 (AP) AP - Shaquille O'Neal scored eight of his 18 points in the fourth quarter, leading the Miami Heat to a 101-96 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Wednesday night.	1
Kovalainen topples Schumacher Kovalainen, reigning World Series by Nissan champion and occasional Formula One tester, defeated the seven-time world champion in the semi-finals at the Stade de France.	1
Utah's Smith Sets Sights on Heisman Award (AP) AP - So much has changed in Alex Smith's life the past two years, he's still trying to sort through it all.	1
Hamm gets to keep gold medal US gymnast Paul Hamm can keep the gold medal he won in the men #39;s all-around event at the Athens Olympics, a sports tribunal ruled Thursday in Lausanne, Switzerland.	1
SCH still expects to close Abbey takeover by year end LONDON : The Spanish bank Santander Central Hispano said it still expects to complete its acquisition of British home-loan specialist Abbey National by the end of this year.	2
Yahoo Offers Personalized Search - My Yahoo Search Yahoo Offers Personalized Search - My Yahoo Search\\Google has been testing its lab version of personalied search. Eurekester and AskJeeves have brought personalized search out into the open by getting the jump on the other large search engines. And now Yahoo is in the game with the release of My ...	3
Las Vegas Sands Prices Its IPO at \$29 Las Vegas Sands Corp. priced its initial public offering at \$29 per share Tuesday night, up dramatically from the company #39;s previous targets.	2
Wither The Dollar A weak dollar should be good for U.S. exports. But it's already causing pain overseas, and in the long run it could drive up the cost of living at home	2
China to crackdown on human trafficking amid growing gender imbalance (AFP) AFP - Chinese police have intensified a crackdown on trafficking of women and children as increasing numbers of females are sold into marriage in areas where gender imbalances are growing, state press said.	0
Microsoft reports fiscal first-quarter earnings up 11 percent Microsoft Corp. said its fiscal first-quarter earnings rose 11 percent, beating analysts #39; expectations, as the company benefited from stronger-than-expected computer and server shipments.	2
Which UNC team will show up against 18th-ranked Tech? North Carolina has had some interesting results in what has been a very interesting season thus far for the Tar Heels. Virginia Tech coach Frank Beamer says only one of those results merits 	1
'Cards' stacked for US It's called the US Open, and though fewer than a fifth of the competitors this year are US-born, it's not because the US Tennis Association hasn't tried to get more Americans. All 16 of the wild cards in men's and women's singles were awarded to Americans, even at the expense of the men's NCAA champion, Benjamin Becker ...	1
PalmOne grabs Microsoft Exchange license The staunch rivals appear to cast aside differences, as the handheld maker licenses an e-mail synchronization tool from Microsoft.	3
Afghan kidnappers agree to talk Afghan militants agreed to negotiate the release of three UN workers taken hostage last week, but warned they were ready to kill them if any rescue attempt was made.	0
Cole fears backlash from his old mates FULHAM #39;S United old boy Andy Cole fears his former team are poised to leave their critics red-faced. The Reds haven #39;t lost in the Premiership since defeat at Portsmouth six matches ago when they were being written off in the title race.	1
New Trouble for Mike Tyson (New York- WABC, December 9, 2004 ) - Boxer Mike Tyson has had another run in with the law. Tyson was released yesterday after his arrest in Arizona.	1
Lewis leads Sonics to ninth consecutive win By wire services. Rashard Lewis scored 27 points and Ray Allen had 24 to lead the Sonics to their ninth straight victory, 101-94 over the Toronto Raptors on Friday night.	1
Taiwan typhoon death toll rises The death toll from Typhoon Aere has risen to 24 in Taiwan as the bodies of 15 villagers buried in a mudslide in the island #39;s north are recovered.	0
Northwest Pilots Ratify Concessions Pilots at Northwest Airlines have ratified a USD\$265 million concession package that includes 15 percent pay cuts, the pilots union said on Friday.	2
Top-seeded Ferrero pulls out in Shanghai Top-sseded Juan Carlos Ferrero pulled out of the Heineken Open Shanghai Monday because of wrist and knee injuries. Ferrero, the former world No.	1
Music player market on a high Analysts at IDC say the market could grow from the 12.5 million units shipped last year, predicting a compound growth rate of 20 per cent each year.	3
Roddick beats Henman in Texas Andy Roddick squeezed past Britain #39;s Tim Henman 7-5 7-6 at the Masters Cup overnight, giving his fellow Texans the hometown win they came to see.	1
Falcons Stay On Top The Atlanta Falcons (7-2) maintain a three-game lead in the NFC South by stuffing the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, 24-14, on Sunday.	1
Panel Wants People, Not Robots, To Fix Hubble That #39;s the recommendation from a panel from the National Academy of Sciences concerning a mission to the Hubble Space Telescope.	3
U.K. government to extend three-year contract with Microsoft The U.K.'s Office of Government Commerce is negotiating a renewal of a three-year agreement with Microsoft Corp. that will focus on services and support.	3
Meeting Site Stands Nearly Alone In most Internet categories, successful sites have led to copycats. But one growing Internet service has attracted a loyal following but, strangely, no rivals.	3
Small Plane Crashes in China, Killing 54 Rescuers search for the bodies of air crash victims at the site of an air crash in Baotou, north China #39;s Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, on Sunday November 21, 2004.	0
Japan Volcano Erupts for Second Straight Day (Reuters) Reuters - A volcano in central Japan spewed smoke\into the sky as it erupted for a second straight day on\Wednesday, but there were no immediate signs to suggest a major\eruption was coming.	3
F1: Rubens gets flier Rubens Barrichello topped a record-breaking qualifying session at Monza with the fastest ever lap in Formula One to grab pole position for today #39;s Italian Grand Prix.	1
Trend Micro Gives Away Mobile Security Trend Micro on Monday followed in the footsteps of rivals like Symantec by introducing anti-virus and anti-spam software for handhelds and smart cell phones.	3
New mortgages hit four-year low September saw the lowest number of new mortgage approvals in the UK since August 2000, official figures show.	2
Sharp Puts Its PC in the Living Room Sharp will make its first play for the living room PC space later this year with a machine that looks less like a computer and more like a consumer electronics product.	3
Project Aims to Develop Hydrogen Power A government laboratory and a private company announced a \$2.6 million project Monday to develop hydrogen in a nuclear reactor using a process with 	3
Iraq forces 'need extra US help' The senior US general in Iraq expresses concern about the ability of Iraqi forces to cope with election security.	0
Ken is alive, says brother The chorus of pleas for hostage Ken Bigley #39;s freedom have yet again been met with deafening silence as the Briton #39;s kidnap ordeal in Iraq enters its 11th day.	0
More bodies found in Mosul US forces uncovered more bodies in the northern city of Mosul on Friday, apparent victims of an intimidation campaign by insurgents against Iraq #39;s fledgling security forces.	0
Japan Importing US Beef Again 10/23/04- Japan will soon import US beef again. This follows a tentative agreement between America and Japan to end a 10-month ban after concerns of Mad Cow Disease.	0
SunTrust shakes up management SunTrust Banks, the seventh-largest US bank, yesterday overhauled its management weeks after it restated earnings and fired three executives because of accounting errors.	2
Blue Chips End Lower, Earnings Disappoint  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue-chips ended slightly lower  on Wednesday after Honeywell International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HON.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HON.N&lt;/A&gt; and  J.P. Morgan Chase   Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JPM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JPM.N&lt;/A&gt; disappointed investors with  quarterly reports, and high oil prices rekindled worries about  the impact on corporate profit margins.	2
Second Thai woman has bird flu A 32-YEAR-OLD Thai woman was today confirmed to be suffering from bird flu, the second confirmed human case of the disease since the country #39;s latest outbreak started in July.	0
B-test proves positive The Irish showjumper Cian O #39;Connor faces losing his Olympic gold medal after a B-tested blood sample confirmed traces of banned substances in the horse he rode to victory in Athens.	1
Anderlecht's Baseggio scores with burst ball (Reuters) Reuters - The ball burst on impact when midfielder Walter Baseggio scored Anderlecht's equaliser in their 2-1 home win\over La Louviere in the Belgian first division.	0
Web Surfers Hit Higher Speeds A majority of US home Internet users now have broadband, according to a survey by NetRatings. While the total number of home Internet users has reached a plateau in the US, those who do use the Internet are adopting broadband at a rapid pace, according to ...	3
Cincinnati Reds Team Report - September 16 (Sports Network) - The Reds begin a four-game set against the Chicago Cubs at Great American Ball Park today. Cincinnati will rely on righthander Josh Hancock to get the job done on the mound tonight.	1
Trial Letdown Hits Possis Medical Disappointing trial data regarding the AngioJet catheter takes a 38 bite out of Possis Medical's stock.	2
French hostages fate rests on spy inquiry HOPES rose yesterday for two French journalists seized more than three months ago in Iraq after the The Sunday Times obtained a new CD-Rom showing both men apparently well and in good spirits.	0
Open-source browser set for challenge A new front has been opened in the long-dormant browser war, with an open-source program called Firefox aiming to challenge Microsoft #39;s dominant Internet Explorer.	3
Lufthansa passenger plane diverted to Cyprus after bomb threat JERUSALEM - A Lufthansa passenger plane en route to Tel Aviv was diverted to Cyprus on Tuesday, escorted by Israeli war planes, after the airline received a bomb threat, officials said.	0
Kashmir separatist welcomes Indian ministers Pakistan visit &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SRINAGAR - A leading Kashmiri separatist Sunday welcomed comments by Indias home minister that New Delhi would allow separatists to visit Pakistan, saying it would push the peace process forward.	0
Democrats Could Win Republican Seat in Colorado Race (Reuters) Reuters - Democrats could have a chance at seizing\a crucial Republican U.S. Senate seat in Colorado in a\neck-and-neck battle pitting a brewing magnate against a\Hispanic from humble origins.	0
Blast, gunfire rocks Baghdad A CAR bomb exploded next to an Iraqi police station just outside Baghdad #39;s Green Zone today, killing six Iraqi policemen and wounding another 10 in the second attack in two days targeting local security forces in the capital, an Iraqi security official 	0
Bankruptcy looms over US Air talks SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - Snubbed by its pilots, US Airways Group is scrambling to find cost savings among other union workers to avoid tumbling back into bankruptcy, an event industry analysts warn could come as early as this weekend.	2
Oil tumbles back below \$54 NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices tumbled Wednesday after a report showing a bigger jump in crude oil inventories than traders and analysts had been expecting.	2
Riot in Salvadoran jail leaves 20 dead, 30 injured MEXICO CITY, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- A bloody riot Wednesday in the La Esperanza Jail, in Mariona, in the outskirts of San Salvador, left a toll of at least 20 dead and another 30 injured. 	0
Nuclear assets 'vanish' in Iraq Technology which could help produce a nuclear bomb has gone missing in Iraq since the invasion, the UN warns.	0
Egypt Battles Desert Locust Swarms from Libya (Reuters) Reuters - Egypt has killed swarms of a type of\locust that has infested parts of Africa and Cyprus this year,\the official Middle East News Agency (MENA) reported on Monday.	3
D.C. United Wins Fourth MLS Cup (AP) AP - D.C. United won an unprecedented fourth MLS Cup on Sunday, beating Kansas City 3-2.	1
Seven Die in Ambush on Venezuela-Colombia Border  CARACAS, Venezuela (Reuters) - Six Venezuelan soldiers and  an oil engineer were killed when an armed group attacked a  military patrol and state oil company employees near the border  with Colombia, Venezuela's defense minister said.	0
Israeli Missile Kills Hamas Weapons Maker An Israeli airstrike in Gaza City on Thursday night killed a leading weapons maker of Hamas who was responsible for some of the group #39;s most powerful bombs and its homemade rockets, Israel #39;s military said.	0
Petro-Canada prices sale of 19 stake SAN FRANCISCO (CBS.MW) - The Canadian government will sell its 19 percent stake in Petro-Canada for \$2.49 billion, according to the final prospectus filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission Thursday.	2
Greenfield halves Telfort stake (TheDeal.com) TheDeal.com - The Dutch private equity firm will sell the stake in the mobile telephone company to a Dutch investor.	3
Firm buys Rouse in \$12.6b deal  A Boston landmark changed hands yesterday, as the Rouse Company , the developer and owner of Faneuil Hall Marketplace, agreed to be purchased by General Growth Properties Inc. of Chicago.	2
Read Madrid coach Camacho steps down Real Madrid accepted the resignation of coach Jose Antonio Camacho on Monday, two days after a loss to Espanyol that was its second in four days.	1
XM Radio Launching Music Online The Washington, DC-based satellite radio operators new service - XM Radio Online - will launch early next month and will be free from commercials.	3
SBC to Sell TV-Internet Home Entertainment System (Reuters) Reuters - SBC Communications said on Monday it\would offer a television set-top box that can handle music,\photos and Internet downloads, part of SBC's efforts to expand\into home entertainment.	3
Google to Offer Libraries #39; Books to Lure Web Surfers (Update4) Google Inc., the most-used Web-search service, will scan books and documents from four universities and the New York Public Library, offering access to material unavailable on Yahoo!	3
Capello delighted as Juventus win Fabio Capello finished on top as his Juventus defeated former club AS Roma 2-0 last night in a scrappy game. Alessandro Del Piero scored his third goal in his last two matches and Uruguayan Marcelo Zalayeta added an insurance goal.	1
Mortar Attack in Central Baghdad Kills 5 BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents fired a mortar on a busy street in central Baghdad on Tuesday, killing five people and wounding 30, the Interior Ministry and hospital officials said.    Iraqi officials had earlier reported the explosion was a car bomb, but later corrected that account...	0
Sony Takes on iPod with New Hard Disk Walkman  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Sony Corp &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=6758.T qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;6758.T&lt;/A&gt; unveiled its first  MP3-compatible, hard disk Walkman music player on Tuesday in an  attempt to recover ground lost to Apple Computer's &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt;  iPod.	3
Internet phone service seen as growth industry Rising broadband penetration is keeping equipment makers for Internet phone service on their toes in light of their aggression participation in the upcoming Taipei telecom show, event organizers said yesterday.	3
China celebrates Deng centenary China is celebrating the 100th anniversary of the birth of Deng Xiaoping, its late supreme leader. For most Chinese the diminutive figure was the man who set the country on a pragmatic reformist 	0
USC-UCLA rivalry goes deep Growing up as a Southern California native, Jim Hardy wanted to play for USC since he was 8 years old. Many of the kids he grew up with and played football against would later become rivals of his at UCLA.	1
Texas #39; Johnson was a finalist in 2003 ORLANDO, Fla. -- Southern California senior Matt Grootegoed on Thursday was named one of three finalists for the Butkus Award, which is presented to the nation #39;s top college linebacker.	1
Released Indian hostages return back home After living under fear of death for 42 days, three Indian truck drivers released by their Iraqi captors today returned home to an emotional welcome by their families here.	0
eBay #39;s Whitman most powerful woman NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Meg Whitman, CEO of online auction Web site eBay, toppled Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina from the title of the corporate world #39;s most powerful woman, according to a new ranking by Fortune magazine.	2
Riots erupt after Aboriginal man dies in custody An angry mob of nearly 300 Aborigines who went on the rampage on an island off the Queensland coast today burnt down a police station and threatened to kill its officers as well as several local council officials.	0
Crude may fall as output spurs supply Crude oil futures may fall on speculation that rising production and slowing demand growth will boost inventories, a Bloomberg survey showed.	2
Microsoft warns Asian governments of Linux suits NOVEMBER 18, 2004 (REUTERS) - Microsoft Corp. warned Asian governments today that they could face patent lawsuits for using the Linux operating system instead of its Windows software.	3
10 Afghans Released From Guatanamo Bay At least 10 Afghans, including a nomad leader who fought with the Taliban, have been released from a U.S. prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, officials said Wednesday.	0
Boston in running for marathon trials The 2008 US Olympic team marathon trials could be crossing paths with the Boston Marathon.	1
A burgeoning billionaires #39; club There are now 313 US billionaires, the most ever and a huge jump over last year #39;s 262, according to Forbes magazine, which yesterday released its annual ranking of the 400 richest Americans.	2
Harbhajan leaves South Africa to lick their wounds South Africa will go into the five-Test series against England a fortnight today on the back of their worst sequence of results for three years.	1
Boise Cascade 3Q Earnings More Than Double Boise Cascade Corp., a global distributor of office supplies and paper, technology products and office furniture, on Tuesday reported third-quarter earnings more than doubled, driven by sales at the company #39;s office products distribution business.	2
A #39;s may be headed for off-season And if not, well, there are no water-holding explanations other than the one Monte Poole already provided yesterday, which is that the A #39;s and Boston Red Sox are about as similarly potent as whiskey and milk.	1
Nikkei Falls as Xilinx Hits Tech Shares  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei stock average fell to a  one-week low by midsession on Thursday after some tech issues  were hit by a bearish outlook from U.S. chip maker Xilinx Inc.	2
Black Watch on new alert after massacre BLACK Watch troops were today facing new dangers in Iraq after rebels massacred 50 Iraqi soldiers. The Iraqi troops were ambushed and shot dead, heightening the dangers for the Scots regiment as it made final 	0
Insurgents strike Iraqi police station, mosque Militants kill at least 30 in assault on Baghdad; US forces say 22 insurgents killed in Mosul. A Iraqi man mourns the death of his brother.	0
S.Africa Says No Extradition Request for Thatcher  CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - South Africa has not received an  official request from Equatorial Guinea for the extradition of  Mark Thatcher, who is suspected of involvement in a coup bid in  the oil-rich country, officials said on Friday.	0
Sadler Prevails Elliott Sadler all but locks up his spot in the Chase for the Nextel Cup, pulling away with 10 laps to go to win the Pop Secret 500.	1
Darfur rebels use human shields same mistake in the country #39;s east, where tensions are rising along the border with Eritrea. crises. The United States has called the violence in Darfur genocide.	0
Tokyo Stocks Open Lower; Dollar Slips (AP) AP - Tokyo stocks opened lower Tuesday on concerns about higher oil prices. The dollar was down against the Japanese yen.	0
Triathlon: Kiwi gets the last kick ATHENS Hamish Carter won the gold in the men #39;s triathlon on Thursday, outkicking the world champion and fellow New Zealander, Bevan Docherty, over the final 500 meters.	1
Microsoft to Pay \$113 Million to California Lawyers SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- A judge is ordering the Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) to pay \$112.5 million to attorneys who successfully sued the software maker for monopolizing a segment of California's market...	3
Kerry Says Bush Uses Surrogates to Do 'Dirty Work' (Reuters) Reuters - John Kerry accused President Bush of\using surrogates to "do his dirty work," as the Democratic\presidential challenger hit back on Thursday at a Republican\assault on his Vietnam War record.	0
Death toll of 6-year conflict in Congo put at 3.8 million DAKAR, Senegal -- Six years of continuing conflict in Congo have claimed 3.8 million lives, half of them children, with most killed by disease and famine in the still largely cutoff east, according to an International Rescue Committee study that estimates the toll.	0
China on way to top Athens Paralympics gold table Four gold medals and three world records in the swimming pool featured a weekend of China while three golds from track and field events brought the country to an insurmountable lead at the 12th Paralympic Games Saturday in Athens.	1
Consumer Spending Stronger Than Expected  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. consumer spending rose a  sharper-than-expected 0.7 percent in October, showing the  economy off to a solid fourth-quarter start despite a step-up  in inflation, a government report showed on Wednesday.	2
Oklahoma still owns Texas in the Red River Shootout Back in 1961, when Tommy Nobis was a freckle-faced, raw-boned high school linebacker from San Antonio, he took a recruiting visit to Oklahoma.	1
A modified R24 for China The R24 has undergone several revisions ahead of the Chinese Grand Prix. Technical Director Bob Bell explains what's new.	1
Sadr rebels boost election hopes Iraq #39;s plans to hold elections in January have gained traction after a Shi #39;ite militia agreed to disarm in Baghdad and delegates from rebel-held Falluja said the Sunni Muslim city wanted to vote in the polls.	0
HP Earnings Rebound (TechWeb) TechWeb - CEO Carly Fiorina says Enterprise Servers and Storage unit has returned to profitability.	3
IMLogic Leads Group into IM Malware Battle Most e-mail users are aware that opening an executable file (.exe) from an unknown source is a danger, but many don #39;t know what an IM threat looks like.	3
Open Source Law and National Security How many paragraphs of rules and regulations can a society have before no one can predict how it will respond to critical situations?  The answer, as demonstrated on 9/11/2001 is:  "Not very many."  Lawyers need to go open source and let the public bang on their code.	3
Thomas, Everett to Return to Chisox (AP) AP - Frank Thomas is returning to the Chicago White Sox, but Magglio Ordonez appears to be headed elsewhere.	1
China Party Chief Rules Out Democracy Chinese Communist Party chief Hu Jintao called for parliament to take a stronger watchdog role on the eve of a key leadership meeting but ruled out Western-style democracy 	0
Direction-Free Data Sends Treasuries Down  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Treasury debt prices ticked lower on  Tuesday in a classic "buy-the-rumor, sell-the-fact" reaction as  a reading on U.S. retail consumption proved not as weak as some  in the market had been betting.	2
Park continues to set torrid pace PALM DESERT -- For the second consecutive day, Grace Park turned Bighorn Golf Club into her personal shooting gallery, bagging six more birdies during Friday #39;s second round of the Samsung World Championship.	1
Spain handed Madrid bomb suspect An Egyptian man suspected of playing a key role in the Madrid train bombings has been handed over to Spain.	0
France condemns Tel Aviv suicide bombing PARIS, Nov 1 (AFP) - France condemned the Palestinian suicide attack Monday in Tel Aviv that killed four people, including the bomber, and called on all sides in the Middle East conflict to avoid a new cycle of violence.	0
Experts Push for More U.S. Computer Security Efforts (Reuters) Reuters - Computer-security experts, including\former government officials, urged the George W. Bush\administration on Tuesday to devote more effort to\strengthening defenses against viruses, hackers and other\online threats.	3
Observations on another Yankees-Red Sox epic series heading into &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  Johnny Damon speaks the truth. Quoth the hairy one after Game 5,  quot;We #39;re going in there with no pressure. It #39;s something we #39;re not supposed to do.	1
Arafat said to be on brink of death Yasser Arafat was reported teetering on the brink of death last night, with one wire service quoting a senior Palestinian official saying that the Palestinian leader had died of liver failure.	0
Wal-Mart #39;s October Sales Rise 2.8, Within Forecast (Update1) Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world #39;s largest retailer, estimated that October sales at US stores open at least a year rose 2.8 percent, near the lower end of its forecast range, as shoppers 	2
Mozilla could form base of a Google browser Analysts agree that it would be of little benefit for Google to create a browser from scratch, but it could add value by adding components onto the open-source browser Mozilla.	3
Hamm rebuffs FIG request ATHENS - American gymnast Paul Hamm apparently has no intention of voluntarily giving up his Olympic gold medal in the men #39;s all-around competition.	1
Stunt pilots prepare mid-air snatch of space capsule PASADENA, CALIF. - Helicopter stunt pilots from Hollywood will attempt a tricky mid-air capture Wednesday, as they try to snag the returning Genesis spacecraft and its collection of solar dust.	3
Computer game in which players shoot at JFK goes too far Three years ago, the city lost its legal battle to remove violent video games from public arcades in Indianapolis. As defeats go, this one was in some respects a crusher.	3
Hurricane Ivan Pummels Jamaica; 39 Dead KINGSTON, Jamaica - Hurricane Ivan lashed Jamaica with monstrous waves, driving rain and winds nearing 155 mph Saturday, killing at least two people as it washed away homes and ripped up roofs and utility poles but unexpectedly spared the island from a direct hit.    A 10-year-old girl drowned in Old Harbor, just east of Kingston, and a woman was killed in the capital by a tree that struck here home, said Ronald Jackson of Jamaica's disaster relief agency...	0
Fannie Mae ordered to restate earnings The staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission has ordered Fannie Mae, the nation #39;s largest buyer of mortgages, to restate its earnings over the last four years after 	2
McDonald #39;s Taps Pop #39;s Destiny #39;s Child for Campaign McDonald #39;s Corp. on Wednesday named female pop trio Destiny #39;s Child as the new face of its  quot;I #39;m Lovin #39; It quot; marketing campaign in a bid to expand its appeal among children and, importantly, their moms.	2
US means business on trip to Panama PANAMA CITY, Panama -- When US National Team assistant coach Curt Onalfo visited Panama back in July on a scouting trip, he didn #39;t know what he was going to encounter.	1
Furcal Expected to Get Concurrent Sentence (AP) AP - Atlanta Braves shortstop Rafael Furcal is expected to plead guilty in Atlanta traffic court Thursday to his second drunken driving charge.	1
Court: Cop's Sex Tapes Aren't Free Speech (AP) AP - The naked truth, the Supreme Court says, is that the Constitution's free speech guarantee doesn't protect a police officer who used the Internet to sell videotapes of himself stripping off his uniform and pretending to write tickets.	0
Strike, clashes dog Dhaka Police armed with batons broke up an anti-government protest march in Dhaka yesterday, injuring more than 30 demonstrators and arresting at least 100, police said.	0
N.C. Voting System Has Many Failures (AP) AP - A Florida-style nightmare has unfolded in North Carolina in the 10 days since Election Day, with thousands of votes missing and the outcome of two statewide races still up in the air.	0
Microsoft desktop search tool launched Microsoft Corp launched the beta version of its new MSN Toolbar Suite on Monday, with what it calls is  #39;breakthrough desktop search functionality #39; that will help users quickly find virtually any type of document, media file or e-mail message on their 	3
U.S. Applauds Dalai Lama Group in China (AP) AP - The State Department welcomed on Tuesday the arrival in China of a delegation representing the Dalai Lama, the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader.	0
Deadly car bombs explode in Ramadi, Mosul A second car bombing in the Iraqi city of Ramadi has left four people dead and possibly injured a US soldier. Hospital officials say the booby-trapped car exploded as a US military convoy passed by.	0
China's economic boom slows down China's economic growth slows for a third straight quarter as efforts by the government to rein in booming expansion continue to take hold.	2
Bush's Campaign Site Reported Blocking (AP) AP - U.S. President George W. Bush's official campaign Web site has blocked access to foreign Web surfers since Monday, an Internet monitoring company said Wednesday.	3
AMD's slow but steady market share gains Fifteen percent, then 15.5 percent, and now 15.8 percent. AMD is gaining back lost ground, Mercury Research says.	3
UN nuclear watchdog chief wants SKorea to come clean (AFP) AFP - UN nuclear watchdog chief Mohamed ElBaradei said he wants South Korea to come clean about past unauthorized nuclear experiments and not to repeat its mistake.	0
Supreme Court Limits Pollution Cleanup Lawsuits The Supreme Court on Monday put restrictions on companies that want to voluntarily clean up their polluted land and sue former owners to share the costs.	2
CLIJSTERS ADVANCES IN HASSELT Former world number one Kim Clijsters showed little rust in her first match in more than than four months. On her home soil, the second-seeded Clijsters made a successful comeback from a wrist injury with 	1
Mortgage Applications Ease in Aug 27 Week (Reuters) Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\eased last week for the second week in a row even though\30-year mortgage interest rates decreased slightly, an industry\group said on Wednesday.	2
Delta Stock Up After Pilots' Deal Reached (Reuters) Reuters - Delta Air Lines Inc.  has\reached a tentative contract with its pilots that will save the\cash-strapped airline  #36;1 billion annually, sending its shares\soaring almost 25 percent on Thursday.	2
Diebold cuts forecast Diebold Inc. today reduced its third-quarter and full-year earnings forecasts as it absorbs costs for recertifying its electronic voting machines in California and for expenses related to a pending civil action in that state.	3
BEA readies app server package for ISVs BEA Systems on Monday is releasing a version of its application infrastructure suite designed to enable ISVs to deliver products for SOAs (service-oriented architectures).	3
McClaren: I hope I haven #39;t helped Wales in World Cup ENGLAND coach Steve McClaren hopes he has not handed Wales the World Cup blueprint to curb the threat of Wayne Rooney. McClaren #39;s Middlesbrough manfully threw up the barricades at Old Trafford yesterday as 	1
Mitsubishi to have second-largest stake after GM -report TOKYO (CBS.MW) - Shares of Japan #39;s Isuzu Motors Ltd. rose Thursday after a published report that trading house Mitsubishi Corp.	2
US regulatory body fines 29 securities firms 9.2 million dollars WASHINGTON (AFP) - The US securities industry #39;s self-regulatory body fined 29 firms more than 9.2 million dollars for reporting information about their brokers later than required.	2
For Intel, the future has two cores With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.	3
Afghan Bombings Prompt US Travel Alert, Condemnation by Annan The US issued a travel alert for its citizens in Afghanistan after weekend bombings that killed at least 19 people in the capital, Kabul, and in Paktia province.	0
Prosecutors Ready to Wrap Up Peterson Case REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - As they prepare to wrap up their murder case against Scott Peterson in the death of his pregnant wife Laci, even prosecutors have acknowledged their case has at times left jurors scratching their heads...	0
U.N. Food Agency Steps Up Sudan Aid (AP) AP - The United Nations' food relief agency is gearing up for a "critical stage" in feeding refugees in western Sudan as more people flee ethnic violence there and the rainy season peaks, U.N. officials said Wednesday.	0
Intel Corp. Makes Marketing Push for Centrino Chip (Reuters) Reuters - Intel Corp.  on Monday\launched a global advertising campaign for its Centrino\notebook computer chips, aiming to boost sales of a brand that\has brought the world's largest chip maker more than  #36;3 billion\in revenue since its start last year.	3
Computer Associates to Cut 800 Jobs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Software maker Computer Associates  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CA.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CA.N&lt;/A&gt;on Wednesday said it would cut 800 jobs, or 5 percent of  its work force, in one of its biggest cost cutting efforts amid  weaker demand and falling prices for software and services.	2
Kodak wins Java lawsuit against Sun Kodak, one of the largest digital imaging companies, filed a lawsuit against Sun Microsystems stating that Sun has infringed on Kodak #39;s various patents, however, the case centered around three main ones.	3
No need for rate rise yet as Australian economy bounds along: central bank (AFP) AFP - Australia's central bank has eased fears of a pre-Christmas interest rate rise, saying it sees no need yet for an increase in a buoyant economy firmly underpinned by global recovery and strong commodity prices.	2
Colombia Congress OKs Re-Election Bill Colombia's Congress gave final approval to a bill to allow President Alvaro Uribe to run for re-election, a move aimed at giving the hard-line leader more time to fight a leftist insurgency and drug trafficking.	0
INTRERVIEW-Thomson Corp. CEO says buying binge to cool Electronic publisher Thomson Corp. (TOC.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) will wind down its recent \$1.5 billion buying spree because it needs to successfully integrate 	2
AmerisourceBergen to Boost Flu Vaccine AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC) said on Monday it has signed a 10-year agreement with ID Biomedical Corp. (IDB) of Canada to distribute ID Biomedical #39;s flu vaccine in the United States.	2
Airlines #39; pain is SRQ #39;s gain MANATEE - Two of its airlines are in bankruptcy and a third has avoided - at least temporarily - a similar fate, but Sarasota-Bradenton International Airport could end up benefiting from the tumult, its top executive said Thursday.	2
Kmart Shows Operational Progress The same-store sales decline slows in November and December, and net income increases.	2
AT amp;T, Vonage Cut Prices on Internet Calling AT amp;T Corp. and Internet telephone provider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices for their residential Internet calling services by \$5 per month, the strongest 	3
Stocks Set to Open Up as Oil Prices Fall  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks were set to open higher on  Tuesday after a long holiday weekend, with U.S. oil prices  falling more than a dollar and Seagate Technology &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STX.N&lt;/A&gt;, a  computer hard-drive maker, raising its first-quarter profit  forecast.	2
World Trade Center Leaseholder Gets Boost From Federal Jury A jury has decided that the destruction of the World Trade Center was two events, meaning leaseholder Larry Silverstein can collect twice from insurance companies.	0
Blockbuster offers \$700m for rival  DALLAS -- Blockbuster Inc. , facing new attacks from big retailers and online operators, has offered \$700 million for rival Hollywood Entertainment Corp. in a bid to combine the two biggest players in the movie-rental industry.	2
Lycos Offers Program to Attack Spammers At the risk of breaching Internet civility, Lycos Europe is offering computer-users a weapon against spam-spewing servers: a screen-saver program that automatically hits the offenders with data to slow them down.	3
Beckham is facing lengthy lay-off David Beckham #39;s cracked rib could sideline him for up to six weeks and the England skipper will be on his way to worried Real Madrid on Monday rather than to Wednesday #39;s World Cup game in Azerbaijan.	1
Senate Mulls Whether Goss Should Head CIA WASHINGTON - Even as Congress revamps the nation's intelligence network, lawmakers appear intent on getting a new CIA chief in office before they adjourn next month for the November election.    President Bush's choice for the post, retiring Rep...	0
O #39;Hoy #39;s complacency masks activity When Trevor O #39;Hoy paints a gloomy picture of the outlook for Foster #39;s Group this year and describes the 2004-05 year as one of consolidation, it would be easy to think that he is sitting 	2
Mystery of Wales turtle 'solved' Scientists think they may know why the world's largest leatherback turtle was washed up on a Welsh beach.	3
EU Expects Turkey to Initial Deal on Cyprus Friday  BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Union expects Turkey to  initial an accord on Friday giving Cyprus de facto recognition  and sign it before Ankara opens EU membership talks on Oct. 3,  2005, a draft final summit statement said on Friday.	0
Reid striker not enough as Rovers stay rooted Ireland International Steven Reid scored for Blackburn Rovers on Sunday afternoon in their 3-3 draw with Birmingham at Ewood Park, although his side remain in serious trouble and they remain rooted to the foot of the Premiership table.	1
Team will work on its coordination The cone of silence surrounding Notre Dame #39;s courtship of Patriots offensive coordinator Charlie Weis was lifted from Gillette Stadium yesterday 	1
Microsoft Now Offers Blogging Tools A new free new tool lets people easily set up personal journals, often called blogs, on the World Wide Web. MSN Spaces, which debuts in test form Thursday, is aimed at home users who want to share things such 	3
Sharapova shocked in SwissCom Challenge Zurich - Australia #39;s Alicia Molik upset match favourite Maria Sharapova, winning Sunday #39;s final of the Swisscom Challenge 4-6 6-2 6-3.	1
Jury Rules WTC Attacks Were Two Events; Silverstein May Recover 2x &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The second of three scheduled trials to determine the amount of the recovery for the destruction of the World Trade Center #39;s twin towers ended in a victory for master lease holder Silverstein Properties, and its head Larry Silverstein.	2
Dodge Durango, Dakota Trucks Recalled Bowing to pressure from federal safety regulators, DaimlerChrysler AG is recalling 600,000 Dodge Durango SUVs Dakota pickup trucks because of a defect that can cause their wheels to fall off.	2
No approach from Real - Eriksson Sven-Goran Eriksson insisted on Tuesday that he had not been approached by Real Madrid to take over as their new coach. Sven-Goran Eriksson insisted on Tuesday that he had not been approached by Real Madrid to take over as their new coach.	1
Zarqawi Movement Vows al-Qaida Allegiance BAGHDAD, Iraq - The most feared militant group in Iraq, the movement of terror mastermind Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, declared its allegiance to Osama bin Laden on Sunday, saying it had agreed with al-Qaida over strategy and the need for unity against "the enemies of Islam."   The declaration, which began with a Quranic verse encouraging Muslim unity, said al-Zarqawi considered bin Laden "the best leader for Islam's armies against all infidels and apostates."   It said the two had been in communication eight months ago and "viewpoints were exchanged" before the dialogue was interrupted.   "God soon blessed us with a resumption in communication, and the dignified brothers in al-Qaida understood the strategy of Tawhid and Jihad," the statement said...	0
Bush signs law pushing human rights, humanitarian aid in North Korea (AFP) AFP - President George W. Bush signed a law to promote human rights in nuclear-armed North Korea and provide humanitarian aid to citizens and refugees of the Stalinist state, as well as making them eligible for asylum in the United States.	0
New Trojan Spams SMS The Delf-HA Trojan horse infects PCs and then contacts a Russian Web site to download instructions for running a spam campaign. The Trojan sends spam SMS by using the  quot;Send a text message quot; facility 	3
Sept. Sales Boost GM, DC, Toyota Fears of a broad retreat in car sales eased during September as key manufacturers such as General Motors Corp., DaimlerChrysler and Toyota and Nissan all posted double-digit sales increases.	2
Fujitsu and Cisco Form Strategic Alliance SAN JOSE, Calif.  amp; TOKYO - (BUSINESS WIRE) -ec. 5, 2004  -itsu Limited (TSE:6702) and Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO) today announced that they have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into 	2
Intel Pushes Further into Mobile Space Intel is teaming with mobile-phone giant Nokia and software developer Symbian on next-generation mobile phones, or smartphones. Demand for these devices -- which promise Web browsing, multimedia 	3
Gold Helmet winners Anthony Vita, Brown In his first career start, the sophomore quarterback passed for 219 yards and three touchdowns, two in the fourth quarter, in a come-from-behind 21-17 victory over Cornell. Vita completed touchdown passes of 19, 11, and 24 yards.	1
Preparing athletes for Beijing 2008 is academic DAVE Collins, a professor at Edinburgh University, has been charged with the task of preparing Britains elite athletes for the 2008 Beijing Olympics.	1
Japan, U.S. Agree Resumption of Some Beef Imports  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan and the United States agreed on  Saturday to resume imports of American beef from animals with  birth records up to 20 months, Japan's Foreign Ministry said in  a statement.	0
Do Not Do This at Home A question parents have pondered for years: When is a child watching too much television? Let's turn to East Lansing, Mich., for the answer. There, a pair of Michigan State wide receivers -- Terry Love and Irving Campbell -- were arrested last week for possessing a dangerous chemical after they allegedly exploded "MacGyver"-style bombs outside campus apartments. No one was injured in the two explosions. Perhaps, though, these two fine young men watched the wrong program. B.A. Baracus and Hannibal Smith of "The A-Team" never would have been caught in such a situation. What in the name of    Richard Dean Anderson  is going on?	1
ICANN making available new domain names The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) has given preliminary approval to two new domain names. The  quot;.	3
Long Stifled, Iraqis Make Most of Chance to Vent on Talk Radio Iraq's first talk radio station, Radio Dijla, has been putting Iraqis' opinions on everything from politics to romance directly on the air.	0
Microsoft pays dearly for insults through ignorance INSENSITIVE computer programmers with little knowledge of geography have cost the giant Microsoft company hundreds of millions of dollars in lost business and led hapless company employees to be arrested by offended governments.	3
Martha Stewart #39;s new abode ALDERSON - Starting Oct. 8, Martha Stewart will begin serving her five-month sentence for lying to federal investigators here, in the Alderson Federal Prison Camp.	2
Chinese Web Search Site Baidu Acquires Hao123 (Reuters) Reuters - Baidu.com Inc., China's biggest\Internet search site, on Thursday said it had acquired\Hao123.com, a popular Chinese search directory, as Baidu seeks\to fend off global players now eyeing the Chinese market.	0
Sprint certifies QuickTime, Xserve G5 for phone media (MacCentral) MacCentral - Telecommunications company Sprint on Thursday announced that it has certified Apple's Xserve G5 and QuickTime as mobile multimedia delivery platforms for Sprint's own PCS Vision Multimedia Services. This enables content service providers to use Xserve G5 systems and QuickTime to deliver streaming audio and video clips to Sprint customers whose phones support Sprint's new Vision Multimedia Service. The service provides content from CNN, NBC, Fox Sports, The Weather Channel, E! Entertainment, mFlix and other companies. ...	3
Barrichello Wins Pole for Italian GP Rubens Barrichello won the pole position for the Italian Grand Prix, a victory Ferrari fans had hoped would go to Michael Schumacher.	1
Olympics Wrap: U.S. Sweeps 400m, Holmes Wins Gold  ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States swept the Olympic  medals in the men's 400 meters Monday and Briton Kelly Holmes  ended years of frustration to beat friend and foe Maria Mutola  in the women's 800 meters.	1
MAC to fill Pac-10 #39;s slot in Silicon Valley bowl The Silicon Valley Bowl is close to finalizing a deal to bring a team from the Mid-American Conference to the game in place of a Pac-10 team.	1
CD #39;s future is upbeat in download decade Reports of the death of CDs have been greatly exaggerated, according to research published yesterday which said legally downloaded music would represent only a fraction of sales in five years #39; time.	3
Terrorism and Security: a Daily Update Bush Administration seeks upbeat reports, will 'curtail' bad news. 	0
Slimmed-Down Playstation Launched Electronics giant Sony launched a slimmed-down version of its best-selling PlayStation 2 computer games console today. The new PS2 is half the weight 	3
3-Point Shopping For a Computer Buying a computer should be easy -- almost anything sold today should competently handle most home-computing chores. But it's not, since so many companies market essentially the same machine.	3
eBay will keep Half.com subsidiary open indefinitely EBay announced Thursday that it will keep its Half.com subsidiary open indefinitely, scrapping previous plans to shutter the e-commerce site in mid-October.	3
Kraft affirms 2004 profit forecast Kraft Foods Inc. Thursday stood by its previously lowered earnings forecast for the calendar year and said new products including its 100-calorie snack packs would help drive growth in the second half.	2
Visa, MasterCard Lose Supreme Court Appeal The Supreme Court Monday cleared the way for banks to begin issuing credit cards bearing logos such as American Express and Discover while continuing to offer Visas and MasterCards.	2
When saving the world with song, mind the lyrics Critics have raised an eyebrow at the revival of the fundraising anthem, citing its outdated, insensitive lyrics.	0
New Data Strengthen Mars Life Evidence Findings in the Martian atmosphere by the European Mars Express spacecraft orbiting the red planet correspond to areas where the US Mars Odyssey spacecraft has detected possible water ice just beneath the surface.	3
World Briefings GULF MINISTERS WANT SYRIA OUT OF LEBANON Gulf state ministers urged Syria to respect a Security Council resolution demanding that it withdraw its troops from Lebanon, a rare public intervention in the affairs of a fellow Arab nation.	0
IBM Buys Cross-Platform Content-Management Provider IBM acquires software developer Venetica to pump up the content-handling capabilities of its DB2 platform. By Paul McDougall and Rick Whiting.	3
Parliament Votes Against Sharon Statement JERUSALEM - The Israeli parliament gave a symbolic slap to Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, voting against a statement defending his Gaza pullout plan, but he survived two no-confidence motions and pledged to bring the withdrawal itself to a vote in two weeks.    The maneuvering came Monday at the opening of the winter session of the Knesset, Israel's parliament, with Sharon heading a government that lost its majority over the Gaza pullout and is vulnerable to being toppled...	0
AA to delay aircraft deliveries Fort Worth, Texas-based, American Airlines says it will defer 54 of 56 Boeing aircraft scheduled for delivery between 2006 and 2010, American said Monday.	2
Gum maker Wrigley agrees to buy major candy brands from Kraft for &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Candy and gum maker Wm. Wrigley Jr. Co. announced Monday it has agreed to buy a number of candy brands, including Life Savers and Altoids, from Kraft Foods for \$1.	2
Heels shock Miami CHAPEL HILL - It took less than three minutes for the goalposts to come down and on the eve of Halloween, the Tar Heels served a special brew to the Miami Hurricanes.	1
Microsoft CFO: Expect us to make more big acquisitions PALO ALTO, Calif. --Microsoft Corp. may make more large acquisitions than it has done historically and become a more distributed company as opposed to moving key employees to its Redmond, Washington, headquarters, Chief Financial Officer John Connors said Monday.	3
FLEMING PRAISE FOR AUSSIES New Zealand captain Stephen Fleming was quick to praise Ricky Ponting #39;s Australia side after the Black Caps were beaten by 213 runs in the second Test in Adelaide.	1
Poll: Kerry Continues to Hold Edge in Pa. (AP) AP - Democratic presidential nominee John Kerry is maintaining a slight lead over President Bush in the battleground state of Pennsylvania with crucial support from veterans and military families, according to a poll released Wednesday.	0
Novell Shares Slide on Missed Estimates Novell Inc. shares slid Friday after the Linux software vendor swung to a fourth-quarter profit but still didn #39;t meet analyst expectations during a period one Wall Street bank called disappointing.	2
Be Careful with Google Desktop Search Be Careful with Google Desktop Search\\Google Desktop Search like most Google products makes an awesome first impression. I have tried other desktop search tools, but none of them can match the convenience that Google Desktop Search comes with. It is just a 450K download and it integrates in Google Search ...	3
Continental to Seek Wage, Benefits Cuts Continental Airlines Inc. on Thursday said it will seek to cut \$500 million in annual wages and benefits on expectations of losing  quot;hundreds of millions of dollars quot; this year.	2
TiVo and NetFlix: Picture-Perfect Duo? With TiVo (TIVO ) and NetFlix (NFLX ) finally announcing a long-rumored partnership to launch a video-on-demand service sometime next year, investors smiled on the deal that will keep the two popular, but under-fire, innovators ahead of competitors.	2
December date for Yukos sell-off Russia sets a date and price for the auction of embattled Russian oil giant Yukos' main unit, as it seeks payment of a massive tax bill.	2
U.N.: Peruvians Relying on Food Aid (AP) AP - Tens of thousands of Peruvians are surviving on international food aid after the harshest weather in decades devastated their harvests, the United Nations said Tuesday.	0
Gallaher 1st-Half Net Rises 31 on Eastern Europe (Update1) Gallaher Group Plc, the UK maker of Benson  amp; Hedges and Silk Cut cigarettes, said first-half profit rose 31 percent as the company sold more tobacco in Eastern Europe.	2
Livewire: Web Aids Search for the Right -- or Left -- Mate (Reuters) Reuters - The run-up to the U.S.\presidential election is casting the spotlight on a new crop of\Web sites for political-minded singles who are seeking Mr. or\Ms. Right ... or Left.	3
Enterprise Security Adobe Patches Acrobat Vulnerabilities Adobe has issued a patch for Acrobat Reader to correct a vulnerability that could allow an atacker to take over a user #39;s system with an infected PDF file.	3
Wachovia Names Capital Management Head Wachovia Corp., the fourth-largest US bank, on Thursday said its capital management chief will retire from the company and be replaced by the head of the group in charge of its integration with recently acquired SouthTrust Corp.	2
Trade organization slaps sanctions on American exports Clash over &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON - The World Trade Organization imposed penalties yesterday on US exports ranging from apples to textiles, escalating a trade dispute the Bush administration has struggled to defuse by unsuccessfully urging Congress to repeal legislation aimed 	2
Tommy Hilfiger Down 26 Pct on U.S. Probe (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Tommy Hilfiger Corp. \fell as much as 26 percent on Monday after a federal grand jury\subpoenaed documents on commissions paid to a foreign\subsidiary of the clothing maker.	2
Wood, Baker, Oswalt Tossed From Game (AP) AP - Chicago Cubs pitcher Kerry Wood, manager Dusty Baker and Houston Astros pitcher Roy Oswalt were ejected Sunday during the NL Central rivals' final game of a three-game series.	1
Dollar Inches to 6-Wk High  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar rose to a six-week high  against the yen on Monday as the Japanese currency was ground  down by a weak stock market and oil prices pushing back toward  record highs.	2
Three Georgian servicemen killed in South Ossetia MOSCOW, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Three Georgian servicemen were killed while five others were wounded in overnight fighting in Georgia #39;s breakaway province of South Ossetia, Russian news agencies reported, citing Georgian officials. 	0
Charismatic Clough one of a kind Football lost a maverick soul yesterday, an extraordinary man whose unique style of management would give a modern-day club chairman apoplexy.	1
Man breaks biscuit-eating record A SINGAPOREAN man broke the world record for eating three cream crackers in the fastest time as part of a wacky competition involving attempts at breaking 10 Guinness World Records.	0
Fed Seen Likely to Raise Interest Rates With the US economy picking up steam, the year #39;s fourth straight interest-rate hike looked like a certainty at Wednesday #39;s meeting of the Federal Reserve #39;s Open Market Committee, economists said.	2
Tokyo Stocks Close Mixed, Dollar Higher TOKYO -- Tokyo stocks closed mixed on Monday, but the strength of bank and auto maker issues helped the broader market index eke out gains for a 10th straight day -- the longest upswing in 14 years.	2
Google launches Froogle in the UK US internet giant Google launches its shopping price comparison website Froogle in the UK.	3
Typhoon leaves 18 missing or dead in Japan, South Korea The casualty toll from a typhoon that has lashed South Korea and Japan this week has reached at least 18 dead or missing. 	0
Manning, James carry Colts to 31-28 win INDIANAPOLIS (Nov. 8, 2004) -- Peyton Manning provided the expected fireworks, including a left-handed pass for a key first down. Mike Vanderjagt #39;s leg sealed the win for the Indianapolis Colts.	1
Cybersecurity and the question of leadership The success of the cybersecurity czar is more about the exercise of leadership than anything else, CompTIA policy chief Roger Cochetti says.	3
Schwab to Cut Most Online Trade Commissions by One-Third The Charles Schwab Corporation said that it would reduce commissions on most online trades by a third as it strives to retain customers.	3
Earnhardt closing in on Busch without lost points Suddenly, the 25 points Dale Earnhardt Jr. lost for uttering a vulgarity during a live TV interview are looming very large indeed.	1
Colon Chooses Jose Molina As Catcher (AP) AP - Bartolo Colon turned around his first season with the Anaheim Angels when Jose Molina was behind the plate.	1
Indian, Pakistani Firms OK Tech Agreement (AP) AP - Private Indian and Pakistani information technology companies will meet in the Pakistani capital next month to tap business opportunities and sign a cooperation agreement.	3
Union Appeals, Pacers Protest and 2 Fans Sue The N.B.A. Players Association filed an appeal to Commissioner David Stern over the suspensions of the Pacers' Ron Artest, Stephen Jackson and Jermaine O'Neal.	1
U.S. lost moral leadership under George W. Bush, says ex-candidate Dean (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - MONTREAL (CP) - The United States under George W. Bush has lost its moral leadership and disrespected allies including Canada, ex-Democratic candidate Howard Dean said Tuesday.	0
Angry mob burns aid compounds Angry mobs loyal to ousted Gov. Ismail Khan burned half a dozen international aid compounds, looted their contents and stoned national army troops sent to keep order 	0
Bahrain Activist Pardoned by King Bahrain #39;s king pardoned a human rights activist who convicted of inciting hatred of the government and sentenced to one year in prison Sunday in a case linked to criticism of the prime minister.	0
Feds OK Taser Stun Guns for Airlines (Reuters) Reuters - Taser International Inc.  on\Monday said it won U.S. government approval to use its stun\guns on some commercial airline flights to protect passengers\from potential harm.	2
United looks to realign its system Officials at the nation #39;s No. 2 air carrier, United Airlines, say their are rapidly moving ahead with restructuring their system, which includes building their hubs while cutting back on other domestic service.	2
Fate of aid worker in the balance as date with Zarqawi looms The fate of kidnapped aid worker Margaret Hassan hung in the balance as a deadline approached to hand her over to a group led by Islamic militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi unless British troops left Iraq.	0
Davis Cup semifinals men #39;s tennis update - September 26 Fish was leading Karatchenia, 3-0, when play was stopped due to rain...The United States will meet Spain in the Davis Cup final from December 3-5.	1
Eurostocks open higher PARIS: European shares opened higher on Friday, led by oil heavyweights such as BP ahead of an expected decision by Opec to trim its output.	2
Yahoo Tests Travel Search Engine Yahoo Inc. is launching its first public beta of a travel search engine based on its recent acquisition of online travel company FareChase Inc.	3
Edison Int'l Raises '04 Earnings Forecast  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Edison International &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=EIX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;EIX.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday raised its earnings forecast for 2004, citing  improved performance at its utility unit Southern California  Edison.	2
Brit GP talks  #39;back on Talks about the embattled British grand prix are back on, BRDC chief executive Alex Hooton has revealed. A few days ago, F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone said he had called off all negotiations in deference to a new and wealthy long-term grand prix host.	1
Dell Pocket DJ and DJ 20 GB Released Dell yesterday unveiled their new portable Mp3 players, the Dell DJ 20GB for \$249 and the Pocket DJ 5GB for \$199. Both units will be available beginning November in the USA.	3
Ten Turks freed by Iraq militants Ten former Turkish hostages appear before media in Baghdad after being released by an Islamist group.	0
Cheney Echoes Bush's Criticism of Kerry (AP) AP - Vice President Dick Cheney on Wednesday echoed President Bush's latest sharp challenge of Sen. John Kerry's fitness to serve as commander in chief as the Republican No. 2 basked in approval from GOP supporters cheered by his debate performance.	0
Apple #39;s iPod takes the lead on Sony #39;s home turf Juliana Sasaki didn #39;t bother checking out Sony Corp. #39;s digital music player in Tokyo before buying her green iPod mini.  quot;I knew Sony and other companies had MP3 players, but they can #39;t beat the mini, quot; said Sasaki, 23, a language teacher.	3
Strong Earthquake Jolts Northern Japan  TOKYO (Reuters) - A strong earthquake with a magnitude of  5.9 jolted northern Japan on Monday in the latest aftershock to  hit a region struck by a deadly tremor last month, scaring  thousands still seeking refuge in makeshift shelters.	0
Bombardier Aerospace to cut 2,000 jobs Bombardier Aerospace said on Thursday it will cut about 2,000 jobs at its Montreal-area and Belfast operations and the severance costs linked to the layoffs will affect current year results.	2
Hicks to be reunited with father ELEANOR HALL: After close to three years in US detention, Australian Guantanamo Bay detainee, David Hicks, will shortly be reunited with his father, Terry, whos on his way to Cuba to attend his son #39;s trial before a US military commission.	0
Cabinet approves Gaza compensation Israel #39;s Cabinet approved compensation yesterday for settlers who will be uprooted by Ariel Sharon #39;s program to withdraw from the Gaza Strip 	0
China forges free trade area VIENTIANE, LAOS -- Rising power China moved yesterday to expand its influence in a region long dominated by the United States, signing an accord with Southeast Asian countries aimed at creating the world #39;s largest free trade area by 2010 -- a sprawling 	0
Sick sent home in Nigeria strike Some 60 psychiatric patients are released by a hospital in north-western Nigeria after nurses went on strike.	0
New bird flu outbreaks in Malaysia Kuala Lumpur (VNA) - Malaysia #39;s Animal Health Service on Tuesday reported that the country has discovered three more bird flu outbreaks in Kelantan State in the northeastern region.	0
UN journalists are honored  UNITED NATIONS -- The UN Correspondents Association chose the Wall Street Journal, independent filmmaker Theodore Folke, and the British Broadcasting Corporation for its top journalism prizes yesterday.	0
US firms prove green credentials Many US businesses are already introducing greenhouse gas reduction programs despite their government #39;s failure to ratify the Kyoto Protocol on climate change.	0
China, US move on textile quotas The United States and China have both taken steps to control an expected flood of cheap Chinese textiles and clothing into the world market after a decades-old quota system expires on January 1.	2
Norway Searches for Treasured Masterpieces OSLO, Norway - Police fielded a flood of tips but still had no motive Monday for the daring theft of "The Scream" and another Edvard Munch masterpiece by armed robbers who barged into a lightly guarded Oslo museum and ripped the paintings from the walls before the eyes of stunned visitors.    Police, who launched a nationwide hunt for the works, said there had been no word from the thieves, who were widely expected to demand a ransom...	0
Australian Agency Picks Sun Desktop Over Microsoft An Australian city has signed a contract to replace Microsoft  #39;s Windows-desktop system on several thousand PCs with Sun Microsystems #39;s products, Sun officials said Friday.	3
More Visas For Foreign Workers Congress is letting employers hire 20,000 more foreign high-tech workers under a special visa program after businesses reached the annual ceiling on the first day of the government #39;s fiscal year.	2
Java Studio Creator Update Targets Mac Developers (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - The new release of Sun's visual development environment allows users to develop Java applications on Mac OS X, Windows XP and Solaris for deployment on any platform compatible with the Java 2 Standard Edition.	3
Mass. fund to rehire Putnam The state yesterday rehired the poster child for the mutual fund scandal and fired the industry #39;s current golden child. The Massachusetts state pension fund 	2
Google founders tout new projects in Japan The founders of Google Inc., Sergey Brin and Larry Page, flew to Tokyo this week to set up a research and development center and other projects in Japan.	3
Boeing Ships 67 Commercial Planes in 3Q Aircraft manufacturer Boeing Co. on Friday said it shipped 67 commercial airplanes during the third quarter, including 49 of its next-generation 737 mid-range planes.	2
Protesters Ransack Russian Gov #39;t Offices Hundreds of protesters ransacked and occupied the regional administration building in a southern Russian province Tuesday, demanding the resignation of the 	0
BOLD MOVE FROM UNITED It was a bold move by David Gill and chairman Sir Roy Gardner to be so openly critical of a man who had proved how much power his stake in the club gives him.	1
Three Cosmic Explosions Could Precede Supernovae (Reuters) Reuters - A trio of powerful explosions\emanating from three different regions in space could mean\astronomers might see stars blowing up within days, scientists\said on Friday.	3
\$10 jump in airfares falls apart A proposed \$10 round-trip airfare increase that initially looked like it might stick fell apart over the weekend. The increase was proposed by American Airlines late last week and matched 	2
Nortel to Release Delayed Financial Results The telecommunications equipment maker, mired in accounting irregularities, has missed three self-imposed deadlines for correcting its financial reporting.	2
'Star Trek' Actor Doohan Receives Star LOS ANGELES - "Star Trek" actor James Doohan - famed for his portrayal of "Beam Me Up" Scotty, the intrepid engineer who kept the starship Enterprise warping across galaxies - grinned and waved to fans Tuesday as he received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.    It was expected to be the last public appearance of the 84-year-old performer, who was recently diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease and also suffers from Parkinson's disease, diabetes and lung fibrosis...	0
TI Goes  #39;Hollywood #39; With TV Chip For Cell Phones Texas Instruments reported Thursday that it is developing a single chip for digital TV that will bring broadcast signals to cell phones.	3
Disney Aims to Find Eisner Successor  LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - The Walt Disney Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=DIS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;DIS.N&lt;/A&gt; board  of directors on Tuesday said it expected to find a chief  executive to succeed Michael Eisner by next June and would  consider both outside executives and Disney President and Chief  Operating Officer Bob Iger for the position.	2
Nortel again delays filing financial results Embroiled in an accounting scandal that led to the firing of its CEO, Nortel Networks said today that its financial results for 2003 and the first half of 2004 won't be out until the end of October.	3
SBC to offer VoIP service By Staff and wire reports . In a move to stave off competitors, SBC Communications Inc. will offer residential Voice over Internet service in early 2005.	2
Cowboys head to Lambeau Both teams have considerable ground to gain if they want to even think about making the playoffs. Dallas (2-3) is coming off a heart-wrenching loss to Pittsburgh while Green Bay (2-4) hasn #39;t won at home this season.	1
Grizzlies Drop Pistons' Record to 10-10 (AP) AP - Pau Gasol scored 20 points and Shane Battier hit four free throws in the final 20 seconds to lead the Memphis Grizzlies to a 72-68 victory over the Detroit Pistons on Saturday night.	1
Pope Receives Honorary Degree in Poland (AP) AP - Pope John Paul II received an honorary degree Tuesday from Nicholas Copernicus University in his native Poland, calling it a "sign of dialogue" between science and faith.	3
Ukraine Election Commission Pores Over Last Results  KIEV, Ukraine (Reuters) - Ukraine's central election  commission meets Tuesday to sign off on the final paperwork  from last month's presidential election, which could see winner  Viktor Yushchenko's victory formally declared at last.	0
Oxfam wants more rich-world action on global poverty LONDON (AFP) - Rich nations need to do much more to overcome global poverty, Oxfam said in a report aimed at influencing Britain #39;s turn at the helm of the Group of Eight leading industrialized nations.	0
Expos Suit Tossed Out Arbitrators ruled Monday against the former limited partners of the Montreal Expos in their case against former controlling owner Jeffrey Loria, clearing Major League Baseball to move the franchise to Washington.	1
Diplomats: Europeans, U.S. Closer to Iran Nuke Deal  VIENNA (Reuters) - U.S. and European negotiators moved  closer to a deal on a resolution on Iran's nuclear program that  could trigger a November showdown, Western diplomats close to  the talks said Wednesday.	0
Blair Puts Security at Heart of Pre-Election Plans  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's Tony Blair will spell out this  week his legislative plans for the next session of parliament  -- tantamount to an election manifesto, with the prime minister  expected to go to the polls in May next year.	0
Paul Hamm, In Keeping Medal, Misses Opportunity The moment when Paul Hamm hit his high bar routine was one of the most electrifying sports moments Ive ever seen. I cant recall seeing something that I immediately felt was so outstanding 	1
Skiles ejected, Bulls respond MEMPHIS, Tenn. -- Although the Bulls have yet to record back-to-back victories, they quietly are putting together a solid stretch of games.	1
DWP kills 60k PCs in Windows XP upgrade lash-up &lt;strong&gt;Updated&lt;/strong&gt; Down for four days and counting...	3
NASA: Hurricane Damages Shuttle Building (AP) AP - The third hurricane to hit NASA's spaceport in just over a month blew out more panels and left more gaping holes in the massive shuttle assembly building, but overall damage was not as severe as feared, a space agency official said Sunday.	3
3 Gulf states promise to increase oil output to stabilize price Three Gulf countries -- the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Kuwait and Saudi Arabia -- promised Sunday to increase their oil output capacity to help stabilize world prices, the official WAM news agency reported.	2
Sharapova, Molik Advance to Swisscom Final Russia #39;s Maria Sharapova reacts after winning a point against Russia #39;s Elena Dementieva during their semi final match at the Swisscom Challenge Tennis Tournament in Zurich-Kloten, Switzerland, Saturday, Oct 23, 2004.	1
Things that go bump on the Net Sun President Jonathan Schwartz has a pre-Halloween case of the creeps--and for good reason.	3
Ryder Cup Fans Quick to Take Sides  BLOOMFIELD HILLS, Michigan (Reuters) - After a week of  being charmed by golfers in practice, Ryder Cup fans were quick  to take sides Friday as the United States and Europe resumed  golf's greatest grudge match.	1
 #39;Prince Harry will not apologize over nightclub fracas #39; : Prince Harry will not apologize to a paparazzi photographer with whom he scuffled outside a London nightclub, a royal spokesman said today.	0
PeopleSoft Willing to Talk With Oracle (AP) AP - PeopleSoft Inc.'s board is prepared to drop its ferocious resistance to Oracle Corp.'s hostile takeover bid and negotiate a price above the current  #36;7.7 billion offer if there's "high certainty" a deal can be done quickly, a company director said in court Tuesday.	3
Sharon faces new rebellion Israeli PM Ariel Sharon #39;s coalition faces possible collapse over a vote likely to force him to remake his government or call elections that would imperil his Gaza withdrawal plan.	0
Delphi Sees Wider Loss on Materials Costs  CHICAGO (Reuters) - Delphi Corp. on Tuesday warned that its  third-quarter loss would be wider than expected, the latest  auto parts supplier to say motor vehicle production cuts and  high raw materials costs would hurt results.	2
UPDATE 1-Bush touts tax cuts, aide acknowledges  #39;soft patch #39; US President George W. Bush said on Saturday his tax cuts were working to lift growth but a senior aide acknowledged that the economy hit a  quot;soft patch quot; over the last six or eight weeks.	2
NL notables Expos first baseman Nick Johnson was hit on the side of the head by a hard grounder in the third inning and was carried off the field on a stretcher. Johnson immediately went down face first onto the infield. The Expos said Johnson never lost ...	1
As Microsoft Turns: The Soap Opera Plays On (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: In last week's episode, Microsoft sent  #36;546 million Novell's way; this week, Microsoft launches a campaign to win over Novell customers. Will such moves land the software giant back in court?	3
The dream stays alive Carlton Fisk in 1975. David Ortiz in 2004. Twelfth inning both times. Hold on to those tickets for this afternoon's fifth game of the 2004 American League Championship Series. The left-for-dead Red Sox are still breathing.	1
Thai premier visits deaths town Thailand's prime minister  visits the southern town where scores of Muslims died in army custody after a rally.	0
Survey Says: Cell Phones Left Out Telephone surveys are the meat and potatoes of political polling groups. But as more Americans switch from land lines to cell phones, a growing segment of the population may be left out of the equation. By Daniel Terdiman.	3
Cardinal Health Plans to Slash 4,200 Jobs Cardinal Health Inc., a medical products and services company, plans to cut 4,200 jobs, or about 7 percent of its work force, and close 25 offices as part of a three-year restructuring plan, the company said Monday.	2
Tennessee May Start Freshman QB in Opener (AP) AP - Erik Ainge and Brent Schaeffer are trying to accomplish a feat that even Peyton Manning couldn't pull off at Tennessee  #151; start at quarterback in the season-opener as a freshman.	1
Industry shies off rogue broker Big sharebrokers moved quickly yesterday to distance themselves from the shock collapse of Access Brokerage. They backed the New Zealand Exchange #39;s move to effectively shut down the firm.	2
Canadian JTF-2 special ops force gets American citation (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - Canada's special operations military unit, Joint Task Force 2, has been awarded the U.S. Presidential Unit Citation for heroism in battle.	0
ADV: Earn Your College Degree Today Receive an accredited college degree based on your work and life experience. Almeda University can help you take charge of your career.  Our evaluation process is free.	2
Twelve UN Agencies Warn of Deep Crisis in Gaza Twelve United Nations agencies working in Gaza today stated that the ongoing violence on top of the sharply deteriorating humanitarian situation this year is pushing the Palestinian population into a deep crisis.	0
Improving Bucs Think They're Back on Track (AP) AP - Jon Gruden resisted the temptation to gloat. The Tampa Bay coach said Monday he isn't the least bit surprised that his Buccaneers have turned their season around by winning three of four games after an 0-4 start.	1
Goldman Cuts Wal-Mart Rating  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=WMT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;WMT.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  world's biggest retailer, suffered another blow to its star  status on Wednesday when a leading U.S. investment bank  downgraded the company's stock.	2
Saudi to fight terrorists with prayers Saudi Arabia said Friday it has advised the nation #39;s imams they should condemn terrorism and terrorists in prayers during the holy fasting month of Ramadan.	3
Elusive Anschutz Leaves Wide Footprint The billionaire investor is on the cusp of becoming a major presence in Washington with ambitious plans for D.C. United and new ownership of Journal Newspapers Inc.	2
Zafi computer virus shows up in  quot;Happy Holidays quot; e-mail (National-NBC) Dec. 17, 2004 - The Christmas Grinch on the Internet this season is a new computer virus called  quot;Zafi. quot;. Zafi pretends to be an e-mail with holiday greetings, according to the antivirus firm Symantec.	3
FIFA to finance lavish 2006 World Cup party BERLIN: Footballs world governing body FIFA will finance an extravagant, 22-million-euro, pre-World Cup party in Berlin in 2006, it was confirmed on Thursday.	1
Sudan argues charges Sudan and Western powers plunged into a war of words over Darfur on Friday, with Khartoum countering US charges of genocide by saying Washington was playing electoral politics with a humanitarian crisis.	0
Week 2 replay: Two down, and here #39;s what #39;s up By Charlie Riedel, AP. : Kansas City #39;s 0-2 start includes an offseason strategy that is backfiring. The Chiefs defense was a huge problem last year - so much so that NFL Commissioner 	1
Photo: Are mod chips getting gamers into trouble? Mod chips such as the Xecuter allow the Xbox to perform unauthorized tricks.	3
Court clears Berlusconi of corruption (AFP) AFP - Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi escaped a potentially devastating jail sentence when a Milan court cleared him of corruption charges after a four-year trial, a verdict which he hailed as "better late than never".	0
Genesis Reentry On September 8th, a daylight fireball will streak across the western United States. It's Genesis, returning samples of the Sun to Earth.	3
Japan PM's Support Slides on Iraq Concerns -Paper  TOKYO (Reuters) - Support for Japanese Prime Minister  Junichiro Koizumi and his cabinet slid sharply to 37 percent in  a poll taken after his decision to extend the mandate of  Japanese troops serving in Iraq, a national daily said on  Sunday.	0
RadioShack inks deal to operate Sam #39;s Club wireless kiosks RadioShack Corp. has agreed to take over the operaton of wireless kiosks in 542 Sam #39;s Club locations nationwide, RadioShack said Monday.	2
Microsoft #39;s European Catch-22 It #39;s a real pity that the classic American sitcom Diff #39;rent Strokes never got broadcast in Luxembourg. If it had, I could almost see the judges at Microsoft #39;s antitrust hearing 	2
NFL notes: Rice officially a Seahawk The trade that sent the greatest receiver in NFL history from the Oakland Raiders to the Seahawks was formally announced after the league trade deadline passed.	1
Sorenstam takes California title Sweden #39;s Annika Sorenstam overhauled a three-shot deficit in the last five holes to win a record fourth Samsung World Championship in California.	1
Google tests short message service There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology. Its maintained is position for the past year.	3
FOOTBALL: DECO: WE MUST KEEP OUR HEADS DECO last night warned his Barcelona team-mates not to repeat last season #39;s costly indiscipline in Glasgow. And he insisted cool heads would do more to unnerve Celtic than the hot tempers which ultimately 	1
For Oracle, one obstacle removed but many await Oracle Corp can celebrate a ruling by a US judge that it can take over archrival PeopleSoft Inc, but analysts say the world #39;s second biggest software maker has a battery of other barriers to overcome before a deal is clinched.	2
Oil boils above \$53 a barrel SINGAPORE: Oil prices stayed on the boil above \$53 a barrel on Monday, bolstered by persistent anxiety over Opec member Nigeria and the nearly month-long loss of a quarter of US Gulf of Mexico production, traders said.	2
Nokia sues over patent and registered designs Nokia, the world #39;s largest mobile phone maker, took legal action earlier this week against two European manufacturers for allegedly infringing on technology patents and registered designs.	3
 #39;Hobbit #39; find raises debate on humanity SYDNEY - The discovery of a skeleton of a female barely one metre tall who hunted pygmy elephants and giant rats 18000 years ago could force a reassessment of the origins of humanity, scientists in Australia said yesterday.	3
Iraq Will Hold Elections on Jan 27-Vice President  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraq will hold national elections on  Jan. 27, Vice President Ibrahim al-Jaafari said on Friday.	0
Sir Elton attacks 'mime' Madonna Sir Elton John accuses Madonna of cheating fans by miming on stage, while collecting a Q Award.	0
Bangladesh won #39;t rule out foreign hand in blast Dhaka -- Bangladesh has not ruled out foreign involvement in a grenade attack on an opposition rally last week that killed 19 people and wounded more than 150.	0
Burt Rutan: Building  #39;Tomorrowland #39; One Launch at a Time MOJAVE, California -- Nobody can claim that Burt Rutan, the innovative aerospace designer, doesnt have his head in the cloudsand his eyes focused on the stars.	3
Bush Detractors Plan Quiet Rejection (AP) AP - No buttons, signs or unusual dress will distinguish the protesters from the thousands who will line the inaugural parade route next month, but at a set time, they say they will demonstrate against President Bush  #151; by turning their backs on the chief executive.	0
Serbs #39; Darwinian battle BELGRADE Serbia #39;s education minister was ridiculed in cartoons and pelted with resignation demands on Thursday for ejecting Charles Darwin from school classrooms in favor of Old Testament  quot;creationism.	3
FORLAN SEALS SPANISH SWITCH Villarreal have completed the signing of Manchester United misfit Diego Forlan on a five-year deal. The Uruguayan hit-man never convinced during his time at Old Trafford following a 7.	1
Spokesman says Arafat not in a coma, still in ICU Yasser Arafat was not in a coma but remained in intensive care Saturday after undergoing more medical tests, a senior aide to the ailing Palestinian leader said.	0
Two agencies may clash over rare bird Two US Interior Department agencies may clash over separate and apparently incompatible efforts to help the northern sage grouse. The Fish and Wildlife Service is trying to 	3
Henman proves he #39;s far from deficient in Basel TIM HENMAN confirmed his well-being despite recently being diagnosed as suffering from magnesium deficiency with a straight-sets win over Antony Dupuis in the first round of the Davidoff Swiss Masters.	1
Airline warns judge that liquidation is ahead without union pay &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ALEXANDRIA, Va. US Airways is warning a bankruptcy judge that it may have to liquidate as soon as February unless the judge imposes temporary pay cuts of 23 percent on the airline #39;s union workers.	2
Ten killed in US air strike, bombing in Iraq MOSUL (Iraq): Two people were killed and five wounded Monday when a car bomb hit an Iraqi national guard patrol in the northern city of Mosul, security and medical sources said.	0
James Becomes Youngest to Score 2,000 LeBron James scored 26 points to become the youngest player in NBA history to reach 2,000 in a career, leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 96-74 victory over the Chicago Bulls on Saturday night.	1
Brown shrugs off economy worries Gordon Brown outlines to MPs plans to freeze fuel duty, minimise Council Tax rises and boost childcare.	2
3Com to buy TippingPoint Officials at 3Com said today they have signed an agreement to acquire TippingPoint Technologies, a maker of intrusion-prevention systems.	2
Button defends himself Jenson Button has remained silent about his decision to switch from BAR-Honda to BMW Williams next year but he has clearly been unhappy with some of the media coverage he has been receiving and has now set the record straight indicating that 	1
Gmail Users Soon Able to Check E-Mail Via Outlook  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Web search leader Google Inc.  said on Wednesday it will soon make it possible for users of  its free Gmail service to check their e-mail via Microsoft  Outlook or on certain handheld devices such as mobile phones.	3
Martha Stewart Wants Aid with Legal Bills Martha Stewart, the imprisoned celebrity homemaker, is asking her company to help pick up about \$3.7 million in legal expenses stemming from her criminal trial.	2
Burundi police fire tear gas at massacre protest BUJUMBURA, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Police in Burundi #39;s capital Bujumbura fired tear gas at crowds on Wednesday, protesting against the massacre of at least 160 Congolese Tutsis at a United Nations refugee camp in the west of the country. 	0
Rossi wins Malaysian Grand Prix Valentino Rossi has won the Malaysian MotoGP to extend his overall lead in the world championship at the Sepang circuit. Italian countryman Max Biaggi finished second and Alex Barros of Brazil was third.	1
CNNFN FINALLY PULLS PLUG, ENDING DIFFICULT 9-YR. RUN Time Warner #39;s CNNfn waved the white flag yesterday, saying it was shutting down after nine years of unsuccessfully competing with CNBC for the top business cable station.	2
ISU Student Named In Downloading Lawsuit LOS ANGELES -- At least one Indiana State University student has been named as a defendant in a new round of lawsuits against music downloaders.	3
Dell's Secret Earnings Engine The company gets its highest profit margins from a conspicuously old economy business.	2
Dhiren to father, Abu Musa to al Qaeda According to British cops he is Dhiren Barot to his father and Abu Musa al-Hindi to Al Qaeda. On Wednesday India-born Barot alias al-Hindi, along with seven men of Pakistani origin, arrested in anti-terror raids and charged with plotting radioactive, ...	0
J J Says to Buy Guidant for \$25.4 Billion  PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday said it agreed to buy Guidant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;, for  \$25.4 billion in cash and stock, giving the healthcare products  maker a foothold in the fast-growing market for implantable  devices that regulate heartbeats.	2
Former Fire player Nowak leads United in MLS Cup There were a lot of questions about Peter Nowak when he became the rookie head coach of DC United. Nowak has come up with all the answers and is in position to win the big prize.	1
Blockbuster nixes late fees on rentals Keep that copy of Shrek 2 an extra week. Heck, keep it forever: Blockbuster Inc. announced yesterday that the ubiquitous rental chain is letting customers hold onto movie and game 	2
IBM adds extra Linux and automation to DB2 IBM will next week release editions of version 8.2 of its DB2 database software, featuring support for Linux clustering in addition to self-managing and tuning capabilities.	3
Jones into finals Not only did Jones easily advance to the final of the long jump, surpassing the automatic qualifying standard on her second attempt, but she was animated afterward, even giggling, after finally 	1
US gets boost as 2 key reports come in positive WASHINGTON - The economy got a double dose of encouraging news Friday as wholesale prices fell and moderating energy costs helped improve the nation #39;s trade deficit.	2
Oracle Acquires PeopleSoft in  #36;10.3B Deal (AP) AP - Oracle Corp. finally scooped up bitter rival PeopleSoft Inc. after 18 months of legal and verbal strife, ending a nasty feud with a  #36;10.3 billion deal that promises to shake up the business software industry.	3
Jimenez victorious at Omega Hong Kong Open Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez claimed his fifth title of the year when he outgunned Padraig Harrington of Ireland and South African James Kingston to lift the US\$800,000 Omega Hong Kong Open by one stroke after a thrilling final round today.	1
Alcoa announces a profits warning US aluminium giant Alcoa warns its third quarter profits will fall below expectations, blaming restructuring costs, a fire and a strike.	2
High-Tech Eye to Help Blind Cross Streets (AP) AP - Equipped with a tiny camera, a high-tech device that recognizes the white stripes of a pedestrian crosswalk and reads traffic lights could tell a blind person when it's safe to cross the street, researchers say.	3
Rebound in Banks Helps Nikkei Stabilize  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average was flat in  mid-morning trade on Tuesday, with a rise in bank shares and  insurers helping the Tokyo market stabilize after the  benchmark's slide to a five-month closing low the previous day.	2
Internet Vote A Success According to Swiss authorities, history was made Sunday when 2723 people in four communities in canton Geneva, Switzerland, voted online in a national federal referendum.	3
Humpback Whale Trapped at Power Plant (AP) AP - A hydroelectric plant in Nova Scotia remained closed Tuesday after a wayward humpback whale swam through the underwater gates connecting the facility with the Atlantic Ocean.	3
Intel backs away from TV chips Intel Corp. is scrapping plans to enter the digital television chip business, marking a retreat from a major component of its consumer electronics initiative.	3
How lizards walk on water The mystery of how a type of lizard "walks" on water may have been solved, a group of US scientists believe.	3
Research Is Definitely in Motion Whatever happened to the days of  quot;being one with nature, quot; and  quot;getting away from it all quot;? First cell phones and pagers made us accessible 24 hours a day, and now Research In Motion #39;s 	2
Bush should try to cement a possible Mideast breakthrough Israel #39;s parliament made a historic decision in backing Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s plan to withdraw settlers from the Gaza Strip and four small West Bank settlements.	0
Financier #39;s bet on steel pays off big and the steel industry will never be the same because of it. Ross, the financier who in less than three years cobbled together his International 	2
Palestinian's Death Sets Off Flurry of Probes The shooting of a schoolgirl added to a growing number of incidents that have spurred Israeli soldiers to speak about abuses of Palestinians.	0
Sutton has much riding on Cup So much about this week gives David Toms reason to be excited, but there is one aspect to the Ryder Cup that he is not looking forward to. His 7-year-old son Carter won't be at the proceedings.	1
Induce Act remains locked up in Committee Yesterday we reported that the Senate Judiciary Committee would be taking up the Induce Act once again. They did so this morning, and the bill failed to advance because of strong opposition from the technology 	3
Man who tried to kill Musharraf shot dead Top Al Qaeda terrorist Amjad Farooqi was killed in a shootout with security forces in Nawabshah, about 200 km northeast from Karachi on Sunday, report agencies.	0
It pays to switch with Microsoft Microsoft will offer up to \$600 per server (up to a maximum of \$15,000) to companies who agree to switch from Novell to Windows servers, it has been revealed.	3
Indian Software Boom on Track, Industry Head Says India #39;s software exports are on track to grow by 30 percent in the year to March 2005, despite attempts in the key US market to discourage outsourcing and protect jobs, the industry #39;s head said on Monday.	2
Massive Asteroid to Pass Earth Earth is about to gets its closest brush this century with a massive asteroid, a hurtling space rock astronomers say is big enough to cause global devastation if it were to collide with the planet.	3
Lippi delighted with new-look Italy Italy coach Marcello Lippi was delighted with the performances of his five new caps in Wednesday #39;s 1-0 win over Finland. Fabrizio Miccoli #39;s superbly-struck first half free-kick gave an experimental Azzurri 	1
Stocks Climb on GDP Reading in 2Q NEW YORK - A sluggish gross domestic product reading was nonetheless better than expected, prompting investors to send stocks moderately higher Friday on hopes that the economic slowdown would not be as bad as first thought.    The 2.8 percent GDP growth in the second quarter, a revision from the 3 percent preliminary figure reported in July, is a far cry from the 4.5 percent growth in the first quarter...	0
Iran arrests dozens 'for spying' Dozens of people are arrested in Iran for spying on its nuclear activities, and passing details to its "enemies".	0
China oil chief arrested in trading scandal China Aviation Oil chief executive, Chen Jiu-lin, has been arrested in Singapore in connection with an alleged 550-million-US-dollar trading scandal, involving his company.	2
Barcelona #39;s Eto #39;o goes from Villain to Victor African Footballer of the Year Samuel Eto #39;o has shown both facets of his playing skills in Barcelona #39;s 4-1 win over Real Zaragoza.	1
Clubbing in Barcelona So, you thought testing happened in front of empty grandstands? Not when the Renault F1 Team fan club is involved	1
Officials Far Apart on Iraq Debt Relief WASHINGTON - The world's major economic powers were far apart Saturday on agreeing how to provide debt relief for Iraq and the poorest nations, as finance officials began broader discussions about the global economy.    Treasury Secretary John Snow and Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan led the U.S...	0
UPDATE 1-Court clears Air Canada restructuring plan A Canadian court approved Air Canada #39;s (AC.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) plan of arrangement with its creditors on Monday, clearing the way for the world #39;s 11th largest airline to emerge from bankruptcy protection at the end 	2
Shutting up the echoes It was evident in the Purdue players postgame celebration following the 41-16 victory, the way Uche Nwaneri did his best impression of Touchdown Jesus, arms raised to the heavens.	1
Candidates Preach Oil Independence to Unconverted Public Both major candidates for president want the country to be less dependent on foreign oil. But whoever is elected will face many of the same challenges that defeated 	2
Novell to Open Enterprise to Netware and Linux Novell (Quote, Chart) announced today that it was moving up the timetable by 10 months on its new Open Enterprise Server (OES). The new server, due out in February, will include Novell #39;s NetWare operating 	2
Fear of ethnic conflict charges Mosul unrest MOSUL, Iraq -- After Saddam Hussein was ousted and his security apparatus collapsed, many Iraqis predicted ethnic war. They feared ethnic militias like the Kurdish Peshmerga would fill the security vacuum and engage in a bloody power struggle.	0
Alleged Bin Laden Tape Criticizes Saudis (AP) AP - A man identified as Osama bin Laden bitterly criticized the Saudi regime in an audiotape posted on an Islamic Web site on Thursday.	0
NBA Game Summary - LA Lakers at Sacramento Sacramento, CA (Sports Network) - Kobe Bryant tallied 31 points, 12 assists and six rebounds to lead the Los Angeles Lakers to a 115-99 victory over the Sacramento Kings at ARCO Arena.	1
Key New England games NORTHEASTERN (3-3) vs. MAINE (3-3) When, where: Tomorrow, 2 p.m., at Orono, Maine. Radio: WJIB-AM (740). Last season: Northeastern won, 20-14. Comments: Northeastern (2-1 in conference) is looking to keep its lead at the top of the Atlantic 10 North Division. Last week, the Huskies suffered a 41-14 loss to Harvard. QB Shawn Brady is 86 of 137 for 1,271 ...	1
Chelsea Impressive in Opening Match (AP) AP - Chelsea coasted to a 3-0 win on Didier Drogba's two goals, Arsenal needed an own-goal for victory and defending champion FC Porto was held to a 0-0 draw on the opening night of the Champions League season.	1
Spain #39;s Martinez/Fernandez wins Olympic men #39;s sailing 49er gold ATHENS, Aug. 26 (Xinhuanet- Spain #39;s Iker Martinez and Xavier Fernandez won the Olympic gold medal in men #39;s sailing 49er at the Athens Olympics here on Thursday.	1
IBM and Intel to open up blade specifications In an effort to encourage hardware vendors to build components for the blade platform they co-develop, Intel Corp. and IBM Corp. on Thursday will open up parts of the BladeCenter 	3
Canon, Toshiba to team on flat panel displays Japanese technology companies Canon and Toshiba said Tuesday that they would invest \$1.82 billion in a joint venture to manufacture advanced flat panel displays.	2
Setback for Microsoft as Beijing scraps deal Beijing #39;s city government has cancelled a controversial purchase of Rmb29m (\$3.5m, 2.6m, 1.8m) of software from Microsoft after local rivals complained about the way the deal was handled.	3
Berti Vogts Quits as Scotland Soccer Coach, Cites Abuse by Fans Berti Vogts quit as Scotland #39;s national soccer coach after a run of results left the team unlikely to qualify for the 2006 World Cup in his home country of Germany.	1
Trade chief of EU takes US to task BRUSSELS The incoming European Union trade commissioner, Peter Mandelson, on Monday criticized the United States for failing to stick to bilateral talks to resolve a dispute over government aid to Boeing and Airbus.	2
Mad Math: Bending Time With 'Primer' Director Shane Carruth, the director of "Primer," compares his film about engineers who build a time machine to his favorite branch of math.	3
Voice, Said to Be bin Laden's, Criticizes Saudis A recording broadcast Thursday accuses the ruling dynasty in Osama bin Laden's Saudi homeland of being the "agents of infidels."	0
Hungarian Referendums Fails 6 December 2004 -- Preliminary official results show that voters failed to approve a referendum on whether to give ethnic Hungarians living outside the country the right to become Hungarian citizens.	0
France #39;s Thomson Moves Into Anti-Piracy Software French technology firm Thomson (TMS.PA: Quote, Profile, Research) on Monday said it would join Microsoft Corp. and Time Warner Inc.	2
LVMH First-Half Net Profit Jumps 49 Pct. LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton said Wednesday that first-half net profit soared 49 percent, as its watches and jewelry and selective retailing businesses returned to the black.	2
Kabul kidnappers 'ready to talk' Militants who say they are holding three foreigners hostage in Afghanistan say talks are about to open.	0
Oracle Enterprise Content Management (ECM) Oracle #39;s Tsunami hits the shore, but is it making waves? Today they have announced the launch of their new Enterprise Content Management (ECM) technology, Oracle(R) Files 10g.	3
Owens, Lewis Face Off After an offseason of verbal jousting when wide receiver Terrell Owens shunned the Ravens for the Eagles, Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis and Owens take it to the field on Friday.	1
Dollar Up Slightly Vs. Euro  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar eked out marginal gains  against the euro on Tuesday as the market digested a  slew of  U.S. economic data that failed to substantially alter the  outlook for gradual increases in U.S. interest rates.	2
US welcomes Cambodian approval of Khmer Rounge trial plan WASHINGTON : The United States welcomed the approval by Cambodian lawmakers of a plan to try surviving leaders of the ruthless Khmer Rouge regime, saying it paved the way for a UN-backed tribunal.	0
Arafat Says Palestinians Made 'Mistakes' (AP) AP - In a rare admission, Yasser Arafat suggested Wednesday that the Palestinian leadership has made "mistakes" and promised to correct them.	0
Wyeth Keeps Producing The drug maker's difficulties are evident, but its productivity may make it worth a second look.	2
Soriano injured in steal attempt Besides suffering a 5-4 loss to the A #39;s on Thursday, the Rangers saw All-Star second baseman Alfonso Soriano suffer an injury to his left leg while stealing third base in the eighth inning.	1
Samarra May Be Key to Handling Iraq Cities (AP) AP - For two months, this historic city of commerce and culture was a "no-go" zone for American troops, firmly in the grip of religious extremists, some linked to al-Qaida. During that time, residents say they endured a reign of terror, where gunmen snatched men from their homes and killed at least 10 of them as American spies.	0
GENESIS Returns to Earth: IIt will be 9:54 in the morning, Mountain Daylight Time, on Wednesday, September 8, when the Genesis sample return capsule, weighing 190 kilograms (420 pounds), will enter the Earths atmosphere 	3
Mbeki into new discussions in Ivory Coast, EU urges peace (AFP) AFP - South African President Thabo Mbeki started new peace talks with various Ivory Coast groups, as European Union delegates urged all parties to find a peaceful solution to the two-year crisis wracking the divided west African nation.	0
2 major PeopleSoft shareholders split on Oracle deal (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Two of PeopleSoft's largest shareholders indicated Tuesday that they would split on supporting Oracle's  #36;8.8 billion takeover bid for its business software rival, plunging the deal into uncertainty.	3
Dell introduces new compact desktop PC Dell Inc. updated its line of slim consumer Dimension desktop PCs Tuesday with a multiformat expansion card reader, the first time such a feature has appeared in a Dell PC, a company spokesman said.	3
Humanity is outstripping planet #39;s capacity to sustain it: WWF The world #39;s population is consuming about 20 percent more natural resources than the planet can produce, the environmental organisation WWF International warned Thursday in its  quot;Living Planet quot; report.	3
Lyon, Man U #39;s Ruud put on four-star shows Both Lyon and Manchester United #39;s Ruud van Nistelrooy struck four times in Group D of the Champions League on Wednesday as the French champions downed Fenerbahce 4-2 while the Dutch star #39;s goals saw United to a 4-1 victory over Sparta Prague.	1
Update 14: Google Lowers Its IPO Price Range In a sign that Google Inc. #39;s initial public offering isn #39;t as popular as expected, the Internet search giant lowered its estimated price range to between \$85 and \$95 per share, down from its earlier prediction of \$108 and \$135 per share. 	2
Russia reports fair weather Moscows approval of the Kyoto Protocol is a major step in bringing the treaty into effect. Fifty-five countries (that emit 55 per cent of the worlds total CO2 emissions) must endorse the Kyoto pact before it can become binding.	0
Bears Set to Sign QB Jeff George  CHICAGO, (Sports Network) - The Chicago Bears are expected  to sign quarterback Jeff George on Monday.	1
Siemens warns fourth-quarter earnings to be hit by mobile phone fault (AFP) AFP - German electronics giant Siemens said that financial burdens connected with a technical fault in its new mobile phone handsets were likely to reduce earnings in the final quarter of its business year ending in September.	3
Danger of Mount St. Helens Eruption Passes MOUNT ST. HELENS, Wash. Oct. 6, 2004 - Government scientists said Wednesday that the danger of a strong Mount St. Helens eruption at any moment has passed, but warned the mountain could continue venting steam and volcanic rock for several weeks.	3
CA polishes up BrightStor products Computer Associates on Monday announced it is upgrading and consolidating its storage management software line. The computer software giant is offering 13 new versions of its BrightStor storage management line and also announced a new product in a move to better compete with rivals EMC and Veritas Software.	3
Raptors 96 Timberwolves 90 TORONTO Chris Bosh scored a season-high 24 points and grabbed 14 rebounds to push Toronto past Minnesota 96-to-90. Bosh came within one point and one rebound of career highs.	1
Munro rested for key start In terms of a silver lining, at least Houston fans should know that Pete Munro is well rested. Munro, the Astros #39; Game 2 starter, hasn #39;t been on the mound in a game since Oct. 1 	1
Muslim mole panics Dutch secret service THE Dutch secret service has been infiltrated by an Islamic extremist linked to the killer of Theo van Gogh, the Dutch film-maker whose murder has accelerated Hollands transformation from one of Europes most tolerant countries into a society 	0
Romanian presidential election too close to call BUCHAREST - The presidential election in Romania is too close to call. Both candidates are claiming victory after exit polls showed a virtual dead heat.	0
Kidnappers free Brazilian soccer star #39;s mom SAO PAULO - Kidnappers freed the mother of Santos forward Robinho, one of Brazils most talented young players, on Friday, 40 days after seizing her at gunpoint while she was attending a barbecue.	1
Avery Johnson announces retirement Avery Johnson announced his retirement Thursday, officially ending his 16-year playing career and becoming a full-time assistant coach for the Dallas Mavericks.	1
CT Scan Reveals Dino Skeleton's Secrets (AP) AP - A CT scan of dinosaur bones from northwest Wyoming could help resolve a dispute about the great Tyrannosaurus rex.	3
Explosion Kills Four in Tel Aviv Market TEL AVIV, Israel - An explosion went off Monday in a crowded open-air market in Tel Aviv, and a TV report said at least four people were killed.	0
Lithuanian PM Predicts He Will Lead Next Govt Lithuanian Prime Minister Algirdas Brazauskas predicted on Sunday he could form a new coalition, shrugging off a challenge from a party some 	0
Libyan, Italian leaders inaugurate gas pipeline Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi and visiting Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Thursday inaugurated a natural gas pipeline linking their countries beneaththe Mediterranean, news from Tripoli reported.	0
AOL launches program for AIM bots America Online Inc. (AOL) is launching a program Monday to promote and facilitate the creation of what it calls AIM Robots for its AIM instant messaging system.	3
Spanish Glass Manufacturer to Buy Plants Spanish glass manufacturer Vidrala SA said Thursday it will pay euro138.2 million (\$189 million) for two European production plants of Owens-Illinois Inc.	2
Drug Companies Wooing GOP Politicians at RNC By SHARON THEIMER    NEW YORK (AP) -- The pharmaceutical industry, fighting to defeat proposals that would give U.S. patients easier access to cheaper Canadian drugs, is making the most of its chance for face time with lawmakers at the GOP convention...	3
Madrid and Valencia, two teams struggling, meet in La Liga this &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Recent games between Real Madrid and Valencia have gone a long way to determining the fate of the Spanish league title. But perhaps not this season.	1
Bundesliga matches, Oct 16-17 VfB Stuttgart coach Matthias Sammer hosts his former charges Borussia Dortmund on Saturday and believes Kevin Kuranyi will be back to inflict further pain on the visitors.	1
Iraq's Neighbors Get  #36;2.9 Billion for Clean-Up (Reuters) Reuters - The United Nations approved paying  #36;2.9\billion to Kuwait and Saudi Arabia on Thursday for\environmental projects to clean up oil lakes and other\pollution from Iraq's 1990-1991 occupation of Kuwait, a\spokesman said.	3
Logan may benefit from fewer O #39;Hare flights WASHINGTON -- Flight reductions by 16 major airlines serving O #39;Hare International Airport -- the result of two weeks of talks with the Transportation Department to alleviate traffic at the ...	2
StorageTek Snaps Up Storability StorageTek (Quote, Chart) took another step in filling out its information lifecycle management portfolio this week, acquiring software maker Storability.	3
British judge to rule on life-support for fatally ill baby (AFP) AFP - Legal authorities in Britain faced an ethical dilemma over whether doctors should continue to prolong the life of a nine-month-old baby who suffers from a rare genetic disorder.	0
Alstom Wins EU1.36 Bln of Contracts During Chirac Trip to China Alstom SA, the French engineering company rescued from near bankruptcy, said it won contracts worth 1.36 billion euros (\$1.69 billion) to provide China with trains as well as hydroelectric and nuclear power equipment.	0
Pension crisis answer  #39;unpalatable #39; People face poverty in retirement unless they save more, a major report into pensions will reveal. The Pensions Commission report says that there is a 57 billion shortfall in the amount people are saving for retirement.	2
UN Ends Failed Listening Device Probe The United Nations has ended an internal inquiry into the discovery of a secret listening device at the world body #39;s European headquarters without finding out who planted the bug or when, officials said Friday.	0
Rivals: Cisco's tactics unfair (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Cisco Systems' substantial influence over the  #36;8 million technology plan for San Jose's new City Hall reflects a deliberate strategy by the networking giant: get involved in the planning process early to win more business down the road.	3
Indian truckers launch strike NEW DELHI: India #39;s largest truckers #39; union began a nationwide strike yesterday, disrupting shipment of goods, to protest a government plan for a service tax on transport booking agents.	2
Israel proposes leaving Gaza settlement as hospital Israel is suggesting leaving a Gaza settlement intact after its planned pullout next year for Palestinian residents of Gaza to use as a hospital, as well as selling an industrial zone at a crossing point to international bodies, Israeli officials said.	0
Turkey Rejects Criticism on Adultery Plan (AP) AP - The Turkish prime minister harshly rejected European Union criticism Friday over a proposal to outlaw adultery and hinted the government might press forward with the ban despite warnings it could jeopardize Turkey's entry into the bloc.	0
Trojan horse spies on Web banking Sneaky program takes a different tack to capture people's passwords and potentially steal money.	3
Are cellphones meant to fly? Airline travel has always been a welcome refuge from the incessant chatter of cellphone users, so it is sobering to hear that regulators are thinking of allowing the use of cellphones up in the friendly skies.	2
The Women in Charge San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom says he doesn #39;t try to create history, it just happens when he does what he thinks is right. Earlier this year, he made international headlines for attempting to legalize gay 	3
Durable Goods Orders Edge Up in September  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. orders for durable goods rose  by a smaller-than-expected 0.2 percent in September, held back  by another sharp fall in commercial aircraft, government data  showed on Wednesday.	2
More BA flights canceled More British Airways flights were canceled Wednesday after thousands were stranded by canceled flights at London #39;s Heathrow Airport because of staff shortages at the airline.	0
Leaders brief parties on talks Some of Northern Ireland #39;s political leaders are to brief party members after talks to restore devolved government ended without a deal.	0
IBM looks to China in mainframe push SAN FRANCISCO--Buoyed by brisk sales of its mainframe computers in recent quarters, IBM is aiming to broaden the use of the powerful machines, particularly in China, the world #39;s fastest-growing large economy.	3
Bayer Drug Can Be Combined With Others German drug maker Bayer AG said Tuesday that early-stage trials of an experimental cancer treatment showed no significant safety concerns when used in combination with other drugs.	2
Nortel delays financial report--again Accounting scandal continues to drag out as company once again delays reporting results for first half of 2004 and all of 2003.	3
Robotic Fish Gather Data, Prize Naomi Ehrich Leonard trains robotic fish to swim the oceans and glean information. The fish also helped her pick up a \$500,000 'genius' prize from the MacArthur Foundation. Read the first in a series of Wired News profiles featuring MacArthur winners. By Kari Lynn Dean.	3
Game Day: So much on the line PITTSBURGH - Banged up and perhaps emotionally drained, the Steelers (11-1) can set records and clinch a division title today by beating the New York Jets (9-3) in a 4 o #39;clock game at Heinz Field.	1
Bank of America to deploy 180,000 IP phones Bank of America has unveiled plans to eventually put an IP phone on every employee's desktop -- a three-year, corporatewide IP telephony rollout that involves about 180,000 phones.	3
Internet 911 Calls Receive Lower Priority ST. PAUL (AP) - Emergency calls made using new Internet telephone services ring in through a nonemergency line and often aren't answered immediately, according to an official who runs Ramsey County's largest 911 emergency call center...	3
Sky-High Oil Price Down for a Second Day  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell from record peaks for a  second session on Wednesday as traders took profits from a  searing rally on signs that high prices are finally starting to  dampen demand.	2
EarthLink, Partners File Spam Lawsuits October 29, 2004 -- (WEB HOST INDUSTRY REVIEW) -- Internet service provider EarthLink (earthlink.com) announced on Friday that it has filed a new lawsuit in federal court in Atlanta as part of its continuing fight against spam.	3
NBA Olympians feel urgency after stunning loss (AFP) AFP - Telephone calls from flabergasted friends back home have helped install a sense of urgency in the United States Olympic basketball team in the wake of their stunning loss to Puerto Rico.	1
Ciena Posts Wider 3Q Loss on Charges Ciena Corp., a maker of fiber optic products and services, posted a wider third-quarter loss Thursday on restructuring and acquisition charges, and warned that fourth-quarter revenue would be flat with third-quarter results due to  quot;ongoing customer 	3
Bosnian Government Resigns Bosnian Prime Minister Adnan Terzic has announced that he and the Bosnian government will resign. Terzic made the statement to Bosnia private television, BN TV.	0
Insurance probe widens; Marsh suspends 4 California's top insurance regulator said yesterday that he will file a civil suit shortly in the widening scandal over insurance industry sales practices.	2
Wholesale Inflation Rises Sharply Wholesale inflation rose last month at the fastest pace in more than 14 years, largely because of steep jumps in energy and food costs, the government reported yesterday, raising concerns 	2
Mourinho tips Kezman to take chance CHELSEA meet their nouveau riche counterparts from Russia tonight, but Jos Mourinhos desire for a compact squad has left him with a lack of strength up front for the Champions League encounter with CSKA Moscow.	1
Jones files Balco lawsuit Marion Jones is attempting to sue controversial Balco boss Victor Conte for alleging that she took drugs. The American sprinter is at the centre of a widespread probe into the activities of Conte #39;s laboratory 	1
Senators Urge Bush to Rethink Iraq Policy (AP) AP - Senators from both parties urged the Bush administration on Sunday to make a realistic assessment of the situation in Iraq and adjust its policies aimed at pacifying the country.	0
SEC Charges Hollinger's Black with Fraud  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. regulators filed fraud charges  on Monday against former Hollinger International Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HLR.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HLR.N&lt;/A&gt;  Chairman Conrad Black and his deputy, David Radler, moving to  bar the two from serving as officers of a public company.	2
Micro Center to sell Gateway products PC maker Gateway Inc. announced on Sunday that its recent line of laptop computers, desktop computers, and monitors will be available to customers at Micro Center.	3
Stocks Gain on Retail Merger, HP Earnings  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks jumped on Wednesday on news of  a merger between retailers Kmart and Sears,  better-than-expected earnings from computer maker  Hewlett-Packard and government data showing a moderate rise in  a key U.S. inflation measure.	2
Russians deny Everton bid Boris Zingarevich #39;s company have denied the Russian millionaire #39;s son is planning to invest 20m in Everton.  quot;Anton is a student at business school, he has not yet finished, quot; said Svyatoslav Bychkov, a spokesman for Ilim Pulp, Zingarevich #39;s company.	1
Three killed in West Bank missile strike Reports from the West Bank City of Jenin say an Israeli aircraft fired a missile at a car, killing at least three Palestinian militants.	0
Al-Sadr's Unclear Motives Muddle Efforts (AP) AP - What's clear about radical Iraqi cleric Muqtada al-Sadr is that he wants power, U.S. officials say. What's less certain is what he wants to do with that power or how far he'll go to get it.	0
Wall Street Looks Set for a Mixed Start  PARIS (Reuters) - Wall Street looked set for a mixed start  on Thursday as oil prices remained near two-week highs and  investors braced for a clutch of economic data and earnings  from high-profile firms like Goldman Sachs &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GS.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GS.N&lt;/A&gt; and Nike  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NKE.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NKE.N&lt;/A&gt;.	2
South Carolinian may be tapped for top NASA job Retired Marine Maj. Gen. Charles F. Bolden Jr., a former space shuttle astronaut from South Carolina for whom the new military elementary school at Laurel Bay north of Beaufort was named 	3
Intel to Redefine Performance at IDF Intel co-founder Gordon Moore #39;s famous law will be re-examined again next week, as Intel shifts away from pure speed to the more efficient utilization of silicon.	3
Nets sign Lawrence Frank to four-year contract extension The deal was announced by the team Thursday, about 12 hours after the worst opening-night loss in Nets #39; history, 100-77 to Shaquille O #39;Neal and the Miami Heat.	1
SpaceShipOne named Time #39;s  #39;Invention of the Year #39; The first privately financed manned rocket to fly into space has been named Time magazine #39;s Invention of the Year. #39; #39;.	3
Property tax payers get a break for now As property tax bills hit Chicago mailboxes next week, most will deliver a lighter thud than before. Don #39;t get too excited -- that thud will gradually get heavier.	2
Verizon, Nextel set aside conflicts Verizon Wireless on Tuesday dropped its opposition to a plan to give Nextel Communications (NXTL) valuable airwaves, removing a big hurdle to a deal aimed at fixing cell phone interference 	2
Floods Kill Hundreds as Storm Ravages Haiti Bloated bodies and weeping relatives filled mortuaries today as Tropical Storm Jeanne killed more than 570 Haitians with the toll expected to rise.	0
Arms plan sparks Taiwan protests Thousands take to the streets of Taiwan's capital, Taipei, in protest at plans to buy \$18bn in arms from the US.	0
Wachovia faces possible SEC action SEC may take civil action against the bank #39;s brokerage unit on improper mutual fund trading charges. NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wachovia Corp.	2
INTER FIGHT BACK FOR A POINT Internazionale striker Christian Vieri was booed out of the San Siro on Sunday as his team twice came from behind to snatch a point.	1
Gmail Accounts Vulnerable to XSS Exploit mallumax writes  quot;A security hole in GMail has been found (an XSS vulnerability) which allows access to user accounts without authentication.	3
Loss to Mississippi St. is death knell for Zook Mississippi State #39;s victory over 20th-ranked Florida -- easily the biggest upset of the 2004 season -- signaled the beginning of a bright future for first-year Bulldogs coach Sylvester Croom and the beginning of the end for third-year Gators head man Ron 	1
Andretti drivers earn 1-2-3 sweep NAZARETH, Pa. - Dan Wheldon took advantage of a fiery mishap during a pit stop by leader Sam Hornish Jr. and extended Honda #39;s winning streak to 12 races with a record-setting victory Sunday in the last race at Nazareth Speedway.	1
Chile #39;s Pinochet Questioned by Investigative Judge An investigative judge questioned former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet for half an hour on Saturday to decide whether to indict him in one of hundreds 	0
NEC to Market DVD Burners (PC World) PC World - Company's ND-3500A drive is not just for OEMs anymore.	3
Wall Street Not Buying Retail #39;s Optimism Top US retailers reported double-digit profit gains in the third quarter, with industry titan Wal-Mart Stores Inc. leading the pack and brightening its outlook for the key holiday season underpinned by the recent drop in oil prices.	2
EIA Says Heating Oil Bills to Rise  VIENNA (Reuters) - The United States has plenty of fuel in  storage for winter heating thanks to near full-throttle  refinery production, but household energy bills are still  likely to be up sharply, the head of the U.S. Energy  Information Administration (EIA) said on Friday.	2
Prison violation #39; admitted MANNHEIM, GermanyThe highest-ranking reservist in the US Army, charged with abusing Iraqi detainees at Abu Ghraib prison, said yesterday he will plead guilty to some offences, acknowledging he broke the law and saying he accepts responsibility for his 	0
Sony Cautious on Profit Growth in Home Electronics (Reuters) Reuters - Japan's Sony Corp. does not expect a\sharp recovery in the profitability of its home electronics\business during the crucial October to December quarter, citing\high costs to develop flat-panel televisions and a shrinking\market for home audio goods.	3
US job cuts exceed 100,000 again Job-cutting continued across the country at a breakneck pace in October, according to the monthly survey by Challenger, Gray  amp; Christmas Inc.	2
Shean a standout in field hockey as NU goes deep in NCAA tourney Whitney Shean, a Globe All-Scholastic for field hockey while at Medfield High School and the Tri-Valley League MVP for that sport in 2001 and 2002, is now a sophomore at Northeastern University, where she played a key role in the field hockey team's advance to the NCAA Division 1 Tournament this fall.	1
High Gas Prices Force Lifestyle Changes For some workers, businesses and organizations, the spike in energy prices -- for gas, diesel fuel or heating oil -- is changing the way they live, work and think about the future.	2
Lessons of Najaf Iraq #39;s interim government did well to avoid a bloody fight to the finish with Moktada al-Sadr over the Imam Ali Mosque, the country #39;s most sacred Shiite site.	0
Suicide Bomber Targets Baghdad Police BAGHDAD, Iraq - A suicide attacker detonated an explosives-packed vehicle near a row of police cars blocking off a bridge in central Baghdad, killing at least five people and wounding 20, officials said. The attack came hours after U.S...	0
Microsoft probing reported flaws in Windows XP SP2 Microsoft Corp. Thursday said it is investigating claims that several new vulnerabilities have been found in Windows XP Service Pack 2 by security firm Finjan Software Inc. in San Jose, Calif. Finjan on Tuesday announced that it had found as many as 10 "serious" flaws in SP2.	3
Gold has nice ring to it Andre Ward was the last man standing for the US Olympics boxing team Friday night. Booed by a hostile crowd, confused about the score, running on fumes in the 	1
Cracks in the first family of business That there are problems between the Ambani brothers is not news, but Mukesh Ambanis admission that there could be a change in the equity pattern of the Reliance group caused the share prices of Reliance companies to drift downwards.	2
Sharon resists calls for vote on Gaza ARIEL SHARON, the Israeli Prime Minister, yesterday used the threat of early elections in an attempt to swing recalcitrant members of his Likud party behind his plan to evacuate all the Jewish settlements in Gaza.	0
San extensions are top network priority, claims Cisco Cisco has lifted the lid on two remote backup and disaster recovery products targeted at the growing number of companies building long-distance links between datacentres.	3
Europe lags behind rest of world on IT spend IT spending in Western Europe is lagging behind the rest of the world, according to figures unveiled at Gartner #39;s annual Symposium IT Expo in Cannes this week.	3
Artifacts Found Near Texas Coast (AP) AP - Archaeologists have discovered a cache of artifacts near South Padre Island that they say could be up to 5,000 years old, potentially providing new clues about early peoples of the Texas coast.	3
United States Blanks Mexico 5-0 (AP) AP - The security guards were trying to hustle Mia Hamm off the field, but she was having none of it. Making a U-turn, Hamm headed directly to a group of young fans seated in the stands who were screaming for her autograph.	1
Moya masters Gaudio to keep title hopes alive Carlos Moya of Spain eased past Argentina #39;s Gaston Gaudio 6-3 6-4 on Wednesday, ending the French Open champion #39;s hopes of picking up the Masters Cup title.	1
New York AG to Sue Insurance Broker  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Attorney General Eliot  Spitzer on Thursday sued insurance broker Marsh   McLennan Cos.  &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMC.N&lt;/A&gt;, charging they engaged in market manipulation.	2
Young Rebuffs NBA, Sticks With Rangers (AP) AP - Chris Young never expected to have to choose again between baseball and basketball. The Texas Rangers helped make it an easy decision for the 6-foot-10 pitcher.	1
Iliescu Admits Romania's Role in the Holocaust  BUCHAREST (Reuters) - President Ion Iliescu on Tuesday  admitted Romania's complicity in the Holocaust, ending decades  of denial that hundreds of thousands of Jews were killed in the  country when it was an ally of Nazi Germany.	0
 #39;No Blood on Our Headscarf #39; France knew no parties and no religious controversy, only republicans and patriots. As in times of war, this otherwise highly divided nation, with its many social, ethnic and religious 	0
Concerns on Cisco bid suppressed (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Six months before the San Jose-Cisco Systems controversy went public, Leon Nix knew the city risked violating its own rules by favoring the networking company's products in its new City Hall. But he feared speaking out, thinking his bosses might come after him.	3
Notes: Pudge out of lineup again Ivan Rodriguez isn #39;t just day to day with his illness. He #39;s becoming hour to hour. Tigers manager Alan Trammell initially had Pudge in Sunday #39;s starting lineup after two days off.	1
Blair leaves hospital after heart operation LONDON : British Prime Minister Tony Blair left hospital for home after undergoing surgery to correct an irregular heart beat, according to live television reports from the scene.	0
Reliance asks directors who quit to reconsider The board of Reliance Energy, a unit of Reliance Industries, said the six directors, all long-time employees of the group, would resume their normal duties and that it continued 	2
China reports soaring oil imports China's booming economy has fuelled a 40 jump in crude oil imports so far this year, official figures show.	2
IBM, LG Electronics Put Brakes On Joint Venture IBM Corp. and LG Electronics Inc. will end their eight-year joint venture company, LG IBM PC Co., by the year #39;s end, according to an Associated Press report.	3
Powell Remarks on Iran Create Stir in Washington A statement by US Secretary of State Colin Powell revealing information about Iranian efforts to obtain nuclear weapons has created a stir in Washington.	0
Intel and AMD battle for dual-core chips Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) showcased its dual-core x86 Opteron microprocessor this week. The upcoming dual-core CPU for the enterprise enviornment is expected to debut in mid-2005 and was housed in a HP ProLiant DL585 server.	3
Grizzlies Coach Retires for Health Reasons Memphis Grizzlies coach Hubie Brown talks to a reporter after a workout Jan. 8, 2004, in Seattle. Brown retired as coach of the Grizzlies on Thursday, Nov. 25, 2004, due to health reasons.	1
Mets' Aggressive Bonds Strategy Backfires The Mets attacked Barry Bonds as if they had a brand-new scouting report on him, and he basically deposited it in McCovey Cove.	1
PalmSource Introduces Latest Version Of Palm OS PalmSource Inc. on Tuesday launched the latest version of its operating system, which targets manufacturers of the increasing number of advanced cellular phones in the market.	3
Improved power management planned for Opteron Computers built with Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor soon will be able to take advantage of the same power management technology the company has already built into its laptop and desktop microchips.	3
NEXT GEN HEALTHCARE BY JOANN MILLS LAING. HEALTH Savings Accounts (HSAs) are the first step in a profound and dra matic transformation of the Ameri can health-care system.	2
Wariner Leads U.S. Sweep in 400 ATHENS, Greece - After his stunning victory in the Olympic 400 meters, Jeremy Wariner seemed as cool as he did cruising down the stretch in sunglasses, two earrings and a jingling necklace. Picking up where Michael Johnson left off, Wariner became the sixth straight American to win the Olympic 400 title, leading a U.S...	0
Genesis mishap probe focuses on backward design drawing A board investigating the crash of NASA #39;s Genesis spacecraft has found the design for a key system was drawn backward. The result: improper orientation of switches that were supposed to detect its entry into 	3
WHELDON WINS INDY RACE Englishman Dan Wheldon claimed an historic Indy Racing League victory in the Indy 225 at Nazareth, Pennsylvania. Wheldon, from Emberton, got his title challenge back on track with his win in the 100th IRL race, his third victory of a superb season.	1
BHP confident of China demand The world #39;s largest miner, BHP Billiton, yesterday said that high oil prices were affecting spending worldwide but China #39;s demand for commodities over the longer term was heartening.	2
State threatens to pull business from bank Treasurer Timothy P. Cahill yesterday threatened to pull about \$120 million of state business out of Bank of America , and the Romney administration demanded a public accounting of the bank's layoffs and other recent moves in Massachusetts.	2
Struggling Dons Ditch Murdoch MK DONS today axed manager Stuart Murdoch with the club in the League One relegation zone. The 4-1 against Bristol City on Saturday left the club, who were relegated from the old Division One last season, 23rd in League One.	1
Canada Still Has Eyes on X Prize Toronto's da Vinci Project says it has the go-ahead from the Canadian government for a manned space launch. Question is, can the crew catch up to Burt Ratan's SpaceShipOne, which is halfway to winning the \$10 million jackpot? By Dan Brekke.	3
Among flu variables, officials weigh losses in worker productivity WASHINGTON -- This year's flu vaccine shortage could cost the nation up to \$20 billion in lost productivity -- almost twice as much as in a typical year -- depending on the severity of the outbreak, according to one estimate.	0
U.S.: Baghdad Blasts Kill Four Americans (AP) AP - Four Americans killed in bombings in the Green Zone in Baghdad on Thursday were all employees of the private U.S. security firm DynCorp, a U.S. official said Thursday.	0
Enron Pressured Merrill in Deal -Attorney (Reuters) Reuters - Enron Corp. , desperate to\meet profit targets, "parked" unwanted power generating barges\at Merrill Lynch in a sham sale designed to be reversed, a\prosecutor said on Tuesday in the first criminal trial of\former executives at the fallen energy company.	2
Golf: Vijay Singh leads Chrysler Championship Vijay Singh, in his quest to surpass ten million dollars in winnings this year, leads the Chrysler Championship by one stroke over Tommy Armour III after three rounds.	1
Princess Anne in Cyprus to encourage Olympic competitors (AFP) AFP - Princess Anne was in Cyprus to pay a royal morale-boosting visit to Britain's Olympic athletes training on the Mediterranean island before heading off to the Athens Games.	0
CA posts Q2 loss on restitution charges Computer Associates International reported a six percent increase in revenue during its second fiscal quarter, but posted a \$94 million loss after paying to settle government investigations into the company, it said Wednesday.	3
Sports: GM, agent, say Rivera will be available Tuesday NEW YORK It appears New York Yankees ace relief pitcher Mariano Rivera will be ready for tomorrow night #39;s American League pennant series opener against Boston.	1
Fed says consumers put credit cards back to work Consumers borrowed more freely in September, especially when it came to racking up charges on their credit cards, the Federal Reserve reported Friday.	2
Mining sector fuels market recovery The Australian share market has found its feet again after the largest retreat in some months yesterday. Mimicking the recovery on Wall Street overnight, the All Ordinaries climbed 32.1 points to 3,878.9.	2
Oil firm chief in Singapore free on bail Scandal-hit Chen Jiuling, the suspended chief of Singapore-based China Aviation Oil (CAO) was questioned by local police for a second straight day yesterday as the investigation 	2
Ukrainian Andriy Shevchenko wins Golden Ball award CBC SPORTS ONLINE - AC Milan striker Andriy Shevchenko was named the Ballon d #39;Or (Golden Ball) award winner on Monday as European soccer player of the year.	1
Timing an issue in Tel Aviv hit Ilan Moscovsky was heading out of his apartment to buy vegetables in Tel Aviv #39;s Carmel Market Monday at the moment a 16-year-old Palestinian suicide bomber detonated himself.	0
Eight Marines dead in suicide car bombing A suicide attacker detonated a car bomb yesterday next to a US military convoy west of Baghdad, killing eight Marines and wounding nine.	0
Baseball Today (AP) AP - Houston at St. Louis (8:10 p.m. EDT). Roger Clemens (16-4) starts for Houston against Jeff Suppan (15-6) and the major league-leading Cardinals.	1
PCI: Charley not as devastating as Andrew The Property Casualty Insurers Association of America (PCI), the group from which member companies write about a third of Florida homeowners insurance, said initial reports from claims adjusters indicate damage from Hurricane Charley, while extensive, was ...	2
Easy Going for Els Ernie Els breezes through a wacky day of weather at the American Express Championship by finishing with an 8-under-par 64, and taking a two-shot lead in Ireland.	1
Jeter has no problem with Pedro; Red Sox still want Martinez back When Derek Jeter came across Pedro Martinez at Legends Field last month, the Yankees #39; captain wasn #39;t surprised the longtime Boston ace was meeting with New York owner George Steinbrenner.	1
Auburn Keeps Faith After being left out of the Orange Bowl, Auburn coach Tommy Tuberville hopes a Sugar Bowl win over Virginia Tech can earn his Tigers a share of the national title.	1
MSN Renews with Overture -- For Now Microsoft today extended its 3-year-old agreement with Yahoo! to provide Overture paid listings on MSN sites in the US and Canada, Europe and Asia through June 2006.	3
Johansson, Novak, Youzhny take tennis titles Sweden #39;s Thomas Johansson claimed his first title since the 2002 Australian Open with a come from behind 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 victory over American top seed Andre Agassi in the final of the Stockholm Open overnight.	1
Oil Swamps Stocks, Supports Bond Prices  LONDON (Reuters) - European stocks slipped and the dollar  softened on Friday as the rise in crude oil prices toward \$50 a  barrel raised the prospect of slower economic growth, which  supported bond prices.	2
Bush Asked to Stop Using 'Still the One' (AP) AP - The songwriter who helped pen the 1970s hit, "Still the One," is demanding that President Bush stop using the tune at campaign events, arguing that he's no fan of the Republican incumbent and the campaign never got permission to use the song.	0
Tyson to Begin Training Mike Tyson is beginning to train for a fight in March, his first since being knocked out by Danny Williams in July.	1
Buddha teaches Safin to be master of himself Marat Safin, on current form, will start the favourite for the Masters Cup that begins in Houston a week today, the 24-year-old Russian having won his third Paris Indoor Open in five years yesterday with a 6-3, 7-6, 6-3 victory over the Czech qualifier 	1
Knicks dig hole early, can #39;t quite climb out It is only five games into the season for the Knicks, and Lenny Wilkens already is getting bored by watching his team follow the same script over and over.	1
Opera Software Triples Third-Quarter Loss (AP) AP - Opera Software, the maker of the No. 3 Web browser, reported a third-quarter net loss Friday that was more than three times greater than the year before, despite an increase in revenue. Its shares fell 6.5 percent.	3
Red Hat to buy Netscape assets for \$20.5mn NEW YORK, October 1 (newratings.com) - Red Hat Inc (RHAT.NAS) has agreed to acquire certain Netscape Security Solutions assets from American Online Inc (AOL), a unit of Time Warner Inc (TWX), for \$20.	3
Notes: Mendoza added to roster The Red Sox will make one roster change for the start of the American League Championship Series, adding a veteran reliever in Ramiro Mendoza who is no stranger to postseason 	1
Kenyan collapse frustrates Moles Pakistan #39;s seven-wicket win left Kenya #39;s coach Andy Moles feeling crushed and disappointed on his return to Edgbaston yesterday.	1
Riches, fancy repasts on deck for Beltran Jessica Beltran served two ham and cheese sandwiches and four pieces of bacon before her husband tied a major league record Sunday with his eighth home run of the postseason.	1
US women into final The United States edged past world champions Germany in a dramatic 2-1 victory to seal their place in the women #39;s football final.	1
U.S. Tribunal Charges Suspected Al Qaeda Accountant (Reuters) Reuters - A\Sudanese man described as an al Qaeda paymaster was formally\charged on Friday with conspiring to commit terrorism.	0
Ghostzapper an eye-opener Just how good is Ghostzapper? Considered an outstanding sprinter, Ghostzapper opened the eyes of racing fans when he won the Iselin Handicap at Monmouth by more than 10 lengths Aug. 21.	1
Els Eases Into the Final in England Defending champion Ernie Els beat Padraig Harrington 5 and 4 yesterday to move into the final of the World Match Play Championship in Virginia Water, England, and stay on course for a record sixth title.	1
The Science of Hiding in Plain Sight Steganography is the science of hiding one message inside another message - hiding in plain sight, so to speak.  Think of steganography as the soft-spoken yet elegant sister of cryptography. Where cryptography scrambles a message to prevent unauthorized people from reading it, steganography opts instead to hide the message in such a way that it is not obvious that there is anything there to see.  Read on for a description of steganography, with examples.	3
Aachen Complete Fairytale by Reaching Last 32 German second division side Alemannia Aachen progressed to the knockout stages of the UEFA Cup after a 2-0 win against AEK Athens in Group H. Aachen had gone into Wednesday 	1
Warrsan wins battle for Brittain Clive Brittain is a trainer who cannot see a horizon without wanting to cross it, and in the doughty and unflappable Warrsan, he seems to have yet another horse who shares his endless enthusiasm.	1
Myanmar to Release a Further 5,000 Prisoners Myanmar #39;s military junta is to release a further 5,070 prisoners, state media announced on Saturday, bringing the total number of prisoners released in recent weeks to more than 14,000.	0
An Eye on Movie Theater Pirates Eager to curb camcorder piracy at the cinema, Hollywood studios demonstrate a device that would detect bootleggers' recorders in the dark. Xeni Jardin reports from Hollywood.	3
Incentives on domestic cars tarnish image, customers say The cash rebates and financing deals that Detroit #39;s three automakers have used to drive business in recent years are diminishing the value of their vehicles in consumers #39; eyes, a quarterly survey of customer satisfaction indicates.	2
Over 30 Killed in Iraq attacks, 20 Americans wounded More than 30 people were killed and more than 60 wounded in a rash of suicide car bombs and mortar and rocket attacks in the Sunni Triangle on Saturday as US Marines 	0
Boeing CEO talks around Druyun problems Straight Talking Harry C. Stonecipher, Boeing Co.s chief executive, appears to be splitting hairs on the subject of disgraced former Air Force negotiator Darleen A. Druyun, who worked briefly as an executive at Boeing.	2
HP tells Sun to get its facts straight Sun execs say they're telling it like it is: HP's Unix offering is on its last legs. HP says they're flat-out wrong.	3
IBMs Atlantic tools platform set to sail IBM Rational on Wednesday plans to flesh out complete plans for the upcoming IBM Software Development Platform, code-named Atlantic.	3
Gates: PCs fall short Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates chats with Berkeley students about everything from open source to malaria to the next Xbox.	3
Tribunal told of banker #39;s costly underperformance A banker suing Merrill Lynch for 7.5m for sexual discrimination was losing her department 560,000 a week, an employment tribunal heard yesterday.	2
Opposition blasts  #39;obviously inferior #39; subs OTTAWA - As HCMS Chicoutimi #39;s 57 crew members continued to brave inclement North Atlantic weather aboard a powerless, damaged submarine, the search began in Ottawa for someone to blame over Canada #39;s latest embarrassing naval mishap.	0
Hockey big men go head-to-head The lockout of NHL players by the league #39;s owners moved into its eighth day today, with the stalemate expected to last for months.	1
Hundreds Attend DC Meeting on Expos Residents packed the District of Columbia Council chambers Thursday to praise or pan the mayor #39;s \$440 million proposal to refurbish RFK Stadium and build a new ballpark for the Montreal Expos.	1
Chinese pornster sent down for a year A CHINESE UNIVERSITY student has been sentenced to a year in jail for flogging porn on the internet. According to the state Xinhua news agency, the 22 year-old student, identified only by his surname Xie, was 	3
Celebrex Report Hits Pfizer Shares Shares of Pfizer (PFE:NYSE - news - research) dropped Thursday after a Canadian newspaper reported that the arthritis drug Celebrex is  quot;suspected of contributing to at least 14 deaths.	2
Cricket: Pressure mounts on NZ Glenn McGrath's maiden Test fifty takes Australia to 564-9 against New Zealand, ahead by 211 runs.	0
IMF Forecasts Growth in Sub-Saharan Economies THE International Monetary Fund forecast yesterday a substantial jump in economic growth in sub-Saharan Africa this year and next, saying the outlook for the region was better than in years.	2
Update 2: Two Firms Cleared of Swapping Violations The makers of two leading file-sharing programs are not legally liable for the songs, movies and other copyright works swapped online by their users, a federal appeals court ruled Thursday in a stinging blow to the entertainment industry. 	2
Knuckle sandwich: Wakefield, Ortiz combine as Red Sox punch out &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Left for dead after a 19-8 shellacking on Sunday night, the Red Sox booked a return to New York with a second straight draining, pulsating, you #39;ve-got-to-be-kidding-me victory in the American League Championship Series.	1
Wharf T amp;T links up with i-Cable on Net phones Wharf T amp;T, a telecom arm of conglomerate Wharf (Holdings), has teamed up with its sister company i-Cable Communications, Hong Kong #39;s second-largest broadband provider, to launch an Internet phone service, hoping to widen its market share.	3
Strong Earthquake Rattles New Zealand's South Island (Reuters) Reuters - A strong earthquake shook New\Zealand's South Island on Tuesday but there were no reports of\injuries or major damage, officials and witnesses said.	3
Vitual Flowers \\This is cool.\\Hotornot just added a new feature to send a "virtual flower".  For \$2 (or so)\you can send a flower to a girl who you haven't yet met.\\I love it!  Awesome!\\\(16:44:01) metameta8080: dude, what a waste of money\\(16:44:15) metameta8080: virtual flowers are FREE\\(16:44:50) metameta8080: I will start an open source service for sending W3C\compliant virtual flowers, which are licenced under the creative commons.\\\	3
Twins Defeat Indians 4-3 (AP) AP - Corey Koskie homered and hit a go-ahead two-run single in the eighth inning, lifting the Minnesota Twins over the Cleveland Indians 4-3 Friday night.	1
Renewed focus ends nightmare ATHENS, Greece  It began with Allen Iverson  The Answer, the captain, the leader of Team USA  forgetting about the fractured bone in his right thumb and courageously hitting the floor against Greece in full regalia. 	1
This Hurricanes and insurance in Florida People who own something valuable, like a house, want to protect themselves against financial loss. Natural disasters like fire, storms or flooding can damage or destroy valuable possessions.	2
South Dakota Electoral Race Is Rerun Under a Shadow (Reuters) Reuters - It has only been four months\since Stephanie Herseth became the first woman ever elected to\the House of Representatives from South Dakota, but the\prominence that win gave her may make the difference as she\faces the same opponent again for a full two-year term.	0
Newest Apple is bite-sized Apple #39;s latest iMac G5 desktop computer once again raises the issue of style vs. cost. On the one hand, the iMac is more expensive than roughly comparable desktop computers running Windows -- therefore making Windows the better value.	3
Dolly creator seeks human cloning One of the creators of Dolly the sheep, the world #39;s first mammal cloned from an adult, said Tuesday he was seeking permission to create cloned human embryos for medical research.	3
Philadelphia looks to become one big hot spot For about \$10 million, city officials believe they can turn all 135 square miles of Philadelphia into the world's largest wireless Internet hot spot.	2
Up to 10,000 in Sudandie monthly, WHO says GENEVA -- As many as 10,000 refugees from Sudan's Darfur region are dying from disease and violence every month in the teeming camps where they have taken refuge, UN health agency officials said yesterday. European Union foreign ministers called yesterday for the United Nations to ''immediately investigate quot; whether atrocities by the government-backed ethnic Arab militias against the region's black African ...	0
Mysterious Tremors May Portend California Quakes (Reuters) Reuters - Low-pitched rumbles from deep under\California's San Andreas fault may offer a way to predict\future earthquakes, U.S. geologists said on Thursday.	3
Pope Celebrates Mass Near Hilltop Shrine A frail Pope John Paul II traveled to a hilltop shrine near the Adriatic Sea on Sunday, putting three more Catholics on the road to sainthood during an open-air Mass attended by some 200,000 pilgrims.	0
Crackdown closed 18,000 Internet cafes in China A high-profile government crackdown on Internet cafes in China resulted in the temporary closure of 18,000 Internet cafes between February and August, but few cafes were closed permanently, according to the official Xinhua news agency.	3
Chinese government in bid to buy Canadian oil giant from tycoon Li &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; TORONTO (AFP) - China #39;s government has launched a new bid to buy Canadian oil and gas giant Husky Energy Inc. from Hong Kong tycoon Li Ka Shing, a report said.	2
New tape of Briton BANGKOK The Thai wife of a British engineer held hostage in Iraq said Thursday that newly released video footage of her husband had buoyed her hopes for his safe return.	0
Oracle releases delayed security patches Oracle Corp. released several high-risk vulnerabilities reported last month in its database software and other products, and urged customers to download and install them.	3
Gemstar 3Q Loss Up on TV Guide Devaluation Gemstar-TV Guide International Inc. posted a much wider third-quarter net loss as it wrote off the remaining goodwill on the TV Guide magazine business.	2
District Uses Cyberspace To Tidy Up The District of Columbia government, which long has struggled against an image of inefficiency, has begun cleaning out its closets with one of the most up-to-date instruments of modern electronic commerce.	3
Mars Rover Missions Extended Again NASA has decided to fund the missions of the Spirit and Opportunity rovers on Mars for an additional six months -- as long as the craft continue to operate.	3
Oil Steadies, Investors Wary Ahead of GDP  LONDON (Reuters) - European equities clung to three-week  highs on Friday as oil steadied around the \$43 a barrel mark.	2
Clarke ends feud with Charles over  #39;social utopianism #39; Prince Charles will today make the highly unusual move of publicly addressing the furore unleashed by his leaked memo to say the it is a  quot;travesty of the truth quot; to suggest he said people should know their place.	0
Gaza Gunmen Killed as Sharon Vows to Pursue Raid (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli troops shot dead two Gaza Strip\militants Sunday hours after Prime Minister Ariel Sharon vowed\to expand a huge offensive that has killed at least 49\Palestinians in an attempt to stop rocket fire.	0
Chirac Says Iraq War Made World More Dangerous  LONDON (Reuters) - Last year's U.S.-led invasion of Iraq  and ousting of President Saddam Hussein has, if anything, made  the world more dangerous, French President Jacques Chirac said  on the eve of a state visit to key U.S. ally Britain.	0
Yanks Stop the Talks to Acquire Johnson Frustrated by the demands of the Arizona Diamondbacks, the Yankees cut off trade talks for the ace left-hander Randy Johnson.	1
Vatican Says Anti-Kerry Lawyer Hoodwinked Them (Reuters) Reuters - A conservative U.S. lawyer's\attempt to enlist the Vatican in his drive to declare Senator\John Kerry a heretic over his abortion views backfired\Wednesday when the Holy See said it had been hoodwinked.	0
Global Chip Gear Sales Seen Down 5.15 Pct in 2005  MAKUHARI, Japan (Reuters) - Global chip equipment sales are  expected to fall 5.15 percent in 2005, an industry group said  on Wednesday in a sharp reversal from its July forecast of  growth of 23.98 percent.	3
Big Easy comes through on a tough day in Ireland Playing some of his best golf in the worst conditions, Els breezed through a wacky day of weather at the American Express Championship by starting with four straight birdies and finishing with an 8-under 64, giving him a two-shot lead and hope that he 	1
Back at it The 49ers returned to the practice field Monday morning, and linebacker Derek Smith was there with them. That alone is very good news for a defense that also could have right end Andre Carter back in action 	1
Hurricane Ivan Roars Toward Jamaica (Reuters) Reuters - Jamaicans scrambled for\supplies and fortified their homes as a ferocious Hurricane\Ivan swept nearer with 150 mph winds on Thursday after killing\at least 20 people on the tiny spice island of Grenada.	3
Jet record marked by Guinness The Guinness Book of Records recognises the world speed record set by Nasa's X-43A hypersonic aircraft in March.	3
Egyptians close off bombed hotel With Israeli rescue workers gone, the Egyptian military closed off the scene of a luxury hotel bombing that targeted Israeli tourists to clear more debris yesterday and collect evidence for investigators tracing the explosives and vehicles.	0
I won #39;t quit says defiant Coulthard A defiant David Coulthard says he has no plans to retire from Formula One after the season-ending race in Brazil. The Briton will leave McLaren after the 	1
Bush vs. Kerry: President Bush plans to continue improving the economy if he wins the 2004 election through his reforms and six-point plan. For all the families in the United States who have lost loved ones 	2
Oracle's Ellison Confident in PeopleSoft Oracle Corp. CEO Larry Ellison reiterated his determination to prevail in a long-running takeover battle with rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc., predicting the proposed deal will create a more competitive company with improved customer service.	3
Turning the Paige: It #39;s now Mizzou Arena The University of Missouri board of curators on Friday voted to rename the Columbia campus basketball arena Mizzou Arena, severing the connection between the posh sports facility and allegations of cheating at a university 1,700 miles away.	1
DENVER BRONCOS ODDS REMAIN UNCHANGED FOR SUPERBOWL Denver Broncos suffered a small setback on Monday Night Football when they were utterly outplayed by Cincinnati Bengals. The AFC West division leaders dropped to 5-2, although remain unchanged in the Superbowl 	1
East Ky. Becomes Big Draw for Off-Roaders HARLAN, Ky. - Out-of-state license plates tell the story of eastern Kentucky's rising popularity among off-roaders...	0
Yahoo, Adobe team on Net services com October 25, 2004, 1:49 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web Services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.	3
Korzhanenko Still Refusing to Return Gold Medal  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia's Olympic shot put champion Irina  Korzhanenko, stripped of her gold medal after a drugs test,  said Tuesday she was determined to keep her medal because she  is innocent.	1
College Basketball Wrap: Washington Beats Loyola-Marymount  LOS ANGELES (Sports Network) - Nate Robinson scored a  game-high 28 points to lead 16th-ranked Washington to a 100-93  win over Loyola-Marymount at Gersten Pavilion.	1
Iraq bombings kill 8, including US soldier Four coalition and Iraqi military convoys and a pro-vincial government office were bombed yesterday, kil-ling at least eight people, including an American soldier and an Estonian trooper in the Baghdad area.	0
Bush campaign Web site blocks overseas visits Net surfers outside the U.S. interested in U.S. President George Bush's re-election strategy aren't currently able to learn about it from his campaign Web site. Visitors from a number of international locations reported hitting "access denied" errors as they tried to reach the site on Tuesday.	3
American Express sues Visa and MasterCard American Express on Monday filed a suit against credit card associations Visa and MasterCard and eight major banks for what it called illegal and anti-competitive practices.	2
Making Free IPods Pay Off The FreeiPods.com website looks as phony as a \$3 bill. In fact, it's at the forefront of performance-based marketing, as advertisers discover it's more effective to spend \$50 million on gifts than to blow the cash on TV ads. By Leander Kahney.	2
Morris Hikes Cigarette Prices Altria Group Inc. #39;s Philip Morris USA has started to increase cigarette prices, providing what some analysts consider the first sign of life in the US cigarette market since 2002.	2
Microsoft search sparks new war MICROSOFT #39;S search engine launched opens a new front for the world #39;s biggest software company in the war for control of the internet, analysts said.	3
Torvalds comes out against EU patent directive In the statement, issued Tuesday, the three developers argued that the legislation, called the software patent directive, would be harmful to the European economy.	3
JPEG handling flaw threatens PCs, Microsoft warns A security flaw in the way many Microsoft Corp. applications process JPEG images could allow an attacker to gain control over a computer running the software, Microsoft warned Tuesday.	3
Men #39;s C2 Canoe Double: Slovakian twins repeat as gold medallists ATHENS, 20 August - Slovakian twins Pavol and Peter HOCHSCHORNER won their second consecutive gold medal in the Men #39;s C2. 	1
Report: Chinese fighter jets interfere with The Taiwanese president #39;s flight to an outlying island several weeks ago was diverted because 28 Chinese fighter jets were spotted in the area, a major Taiwanese newspaper reported Thursday.	0
Philips Posts Best Quarterly Results in Four Years Often pigeonholed as just a seller of televisions and DVD players, Royal Philips Electronics said Tuesday that its third-quarter profit surged despite 	2
IBM to sell supercomputers IBM Corp., the world #39;s largest computer maker, said it is selling versions of its top supercomputer that may be scaled down for businesses and less-intensive scientific use.	3
Pakistan reporters reach Srinagar A team of Pakistani journalists on a landmark visit to Indian-administered Kashmir arrive in Srinagar.	0
Nikkei Seen Firming After 11,000 Cleared  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's Nikkei average is expected to  extend gains on Thursday as investors keep a healthy appetite  for blue-chip exporters after a fall in oil prices boosted  confidence over the U.S. economy and lifted Wall Street stocks.	2
Mortgage rates edge higher Mortgage rates around the country crept up this week, although 30-year mortgages still were below the 6 percent level for a fourth straight week, Freddie Mac reported Thursday.	2
Fannie Mae's Institutional Arrogance Pity that Fannie's management decided to test the limits of an implied Federal guarantee.	2
Improve Gas Mileage for Under \$100 Two cheap and relatively simple car modifications can help you gain a couple miles to the gallon.	2
France Wants Referendum on Turkey #39;s EU Entry French President Jacques Chirac says France will hold a referendum on Turkey #39;s entry to the European Union. Speaking to reporters Friday in Strasbourg, France, Mr.	0
17 dead, over 100 injured as powerful earthquakes hit eastern Indonesia (AFP) AFP - A succession of powerful earthquakes rocked eastern Indonesia, killing at least 17 people, injuring more than 100 others and destroying hundreds of homes.	0
Help From Above Jump-Starts Jets The Jets' defense shut down the San Francisco 49ers in the second half, paving the way for a come-from-behind victory that was sprinkled with subplots.	1
Auburn's Tailback Duo Share Spotlight (AP) AP - Auburn tailbacks Carnell Williams and Ronnie Brown haven't joined in the rush to the Heisman Trophy.	1
Roy Disney says Eisner should be ousted now Roy Disney, heading a dissident shareholder group at the Walt Disney Co., urged board members to accelerate the departure of chief executive Michael Eisner, who plans to resign in September 2006.	2
KDE 3.3 Linux desktop closes in on Windows The final release of KDE 3.3, an open-source Linux desktop environment, is due in a few days and will give users greatly improved email facilities. 	3
Dodge Durango SUVs and Dakota pickups recalled Daimler Chrysler tells CTV News that about 60,000 Canadian vehicles will be included in a massive North American recall that involves more than 600,000 Dodge Durango SUV #39;s and Dakota pickup trucks.	2
Toshiba Unveils New Flat-Panel SED TV (AP) AP - Toshiba Corp. on Tuesday unveiled a flat-panel TV that uses a new technology developed jointly by the Japanese electronics maker and the Japanese camera company Canon.	3
Donald takes European Masters title England #39;s Luke Donald gave the European Ryder Cup team a boost after securing a runaway victory in the European Masters at Crans Sur Sierre in Switzerland.	1
Wade Boggs Leads Hall of Fame Candidates (AP) AP - Wade Boggs might have to get used to a new routine Tuesday: life as a Hall of Famer. The five-time AL batting champion, known for his array of pre- and postgame rituals, is the top newcomer on the Baseball Writers' Association of America ballot, joining holdovers Ryne Sandberg and Bruce Sutter.	1
GU Pounds San Jose St. Ray Reed scores 10 points and Georgetown holds San Jose State to a season-low point total in a 58-40 win over the Spartans.	1
OPEC ministers unfazed by oil price drop after output cut CAIRO (AFP) - OPEC ministers played down the significance of an indifferent market reaction to their output cut to shore-up sliding oil prices, insisting that prices would climb again next week.	2
Google #39;s woes shouldn #39;t bury IPO auction idea Google Inc. #39;s stumbles shouldn #39;t be used to write off the idea of employing auctions to sell stock to the public. Certainly, the initial public offering of the Internet search 	2
Bush Benefits From Efforts to Build a Coalition of the Faithful President Bush has built relationships over the last four years with a range of religious leaders. The payoff came on Election Day.	0
Operators wake up to mobile enterprise needs &lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Starmap points the way forward	3
Chinese TV Maker Sets Sights on Europe Urged on by China's government and armed with credit from state-owned banks and stock market listings, many Chinese manufacturers are going global.	3
FRATTINI IN KUWAIT: ITALIAN HOSTAGES WERE DOING GOOD (AGI) - Kuwait City, Sept 13 - Upon arriving in Kuwait City, Foreign Minister Franco Frattini repeated his appeal for the liberation of the two Italian volunteer workers kidnapped in Iraq.	0
Kanye West Leads Grammy Nominations Alicia Keys and Usher received eight Grammy nominations each on Monday and Ray Charles, who died in June, received seven.	0
Leading games maker up for sale Leading independent games maker,  Argonaut, is put up for sale to try to save the UK firm from going under.	3
Raytheon acquires San Diego engineering design firm Waltham-based defense giant Raytheon said it has acquired a privately held San Diego firm that provides physics modeling to government agencies and private companies, a purchase that will augment Raytheon #39;s efforts in the defense and homeland security 	2
Ovitz Defends His Tenure  GEORGETOWN, Del., Oct. 26 -- Michael Ovitz said on Tuesday that Walt Disney Co. would have made a string of dazzling deals and shrewd strategic moves during his brief tenure as the company's president in the mid-1990s, if only chief executive Michael D. Eisner had not shot down his ideas.	2
Gillespie rips through India Australian fast bowler Jason Gillespie sparked an Indian collapse Thursday before spinner Anil Kumble hit back with five wickets as bowlers dominated the second day of the fourth Test.	1
Packers deal CB McKenzie; Favre OK Cornerback Mike McKenzie got his wish when he was traded Monday from the Green Bay Packers to the New Orleans Saints for backup quarterback JT O #39;Sullivan and a second-round pick in 2005.	1
10 dead, 50 hurt in Indonesian plane mishap Jakarta: At least 10 people were killed and almost 50 injured when a passenger plane skidded off a rain-slicked runway and seven crew aboard the plane operated by budget airline Lion Air, which was landing at Adisumarno airport in the city of Solo after a 	0
Major movie studios vow to sue Internet pirates The major Hollywood studios vowed yesterday to sue people who illegally download movies from the Internet, borrowing a page from the music industry #39;s script of using lawsuits to fight online piracy.	3
MSN Search Engine Launch December 2004 MSN Search Engine Launch December 2004\\MSN Search Launch December '04? Wouldn't it be a kick, if they stick to effective algorithms and the slick look they're offering in the October tech preview incarnation! That version has me very happy with the rankings of my own sites and those of clients ...	3
Google drops target price, extends auction to Wednesday Google Inc. lowered the target price per share for its initial public offering (IPO) on Wednesday, and asked the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to give buyers additional time to reconsider their bids, according to a notice on the company's IPO Web site.	3
Worm exploits Microsoft patch cycle The Bofra worm was released Monday--one day before the software giant's monthly patch update.	3
Ivan Makes Landfall on Alabama Coast GULF SHORES, Ala. - Hurricane Ivan slammed ashore early Thursday with winds of 130 mph, packing deadly tornadoes and a powerful punch of waves and rain that threatened to swamp communities from Louisiana to the Florida Panhandle...	0
Keeping IT work close to home Group proposes outsourcing to underutilized, lower-cost IT workers in outlying areas of the U.S. rather than offshore.	3
Federal Reserve opens meeting, tipped to raise rates WASHINGTON (AFP) - US Federal Reserve policymakers met, poised to raise key interest rates to remove some of the cheap-money stimulus washing through the economy.	2
Wachovia reports boost in 3rd-quarter profits CHARLOTTE, NC - Financial services firm Wachovia Corp. said Friday that third-quarter earnings increased as declining retail brokerage activity was offset by higher revenue in wealth management and investment banking segments.	2
REVIEW: Microsoft Search Falls Far Short (AP) AP - Microsoft Corp. isn't often an underdog in anything, so when the software powerhouse released its new search engine, I was anxious to give it a whirl.	3
Kallis, Boucher boost South Africa in Colombo one-dayer (AFP) AFP - Jacques Kallis and Mark Boucher slammed half-centuries as South Africa posted a competitive 263-9 in the first one-dayer against Sri Lanka at the Premdasa Stadium here.	0
Pakistan sends Aussies in PAKISTAN captain Inzamam-ul-Haq won the toss and sent Australia in to bat in the first cricket Test at the WACA Ground today. Australia will start its innings in fine conditions against Pakistan pacemen Shoaib 	1
WTO confirms big trade powers EU, US must dismantle cotton, sugar &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The World Trade Organisation confirmed two separate rulings Wednesday outlawing farm subsidies paid by the United States to cotton farmers and by the European Union to its sugar producers.	2
After AT amp;T merger, Cingular Wireless expects to cut 6,800 jobs NOVEMBER 24, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - With its acquisition of AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc. complete (see story), Cingular Wireless LLC is preparing to lay off about 10 of its 68,000 workers over a 12- to 18-month period starting next year.	2
25 Terror Suspects Nabbed in Afghanistan KABUL, Afghanistan Oct. 2, 2004 - Afghan intelligence agents backed by international peacekeepers arrested 25 people allegedly linked to the Taliban and al-Qaida in an early morning raid in eastern Kabul Saturday, a spokesman for the peacekeepers said.	0
US Stocks Gain as Oil Prices Tumble US stocks made strong gains in late-day trading on Wednesday, as a tumble in oil prices boosted investor confidence about the economy, but thin volume meant dealers were skeptical about the strength of the rally.	2
As Africans seek their own peace, troops are lacking CENTURION, South Africa -- Many African countries want a regional peacekeeping mission to succeed in the Darfur region of Sudan, the site of the latest humanitarian crisis in the region, in part to show that the continent has the resolve and the ability to take care of its own problems. But so far, not many countries are offering to contribute ...	0
Oil Holds Firm as Dealers Digest Iraq World oil prices held firm on Friday after pipeline sabotage in northern Iraq kept up supply fears that have revived a powerful price rally.	2
Houston Earns N.L. Wild-Card Spot The Astros charged into the playoffs with their 18th consecutive home victory, capping an incredible turnaround by beating Colorado on Sunday.	1
Bush urges baseball to  quot;address ... serious problem quot; of steroids WHITE HOUSE President Bush is joining the chorus of those who want Major League Baseball to crack down on steroid use. Press Secretary Scott McClellan says the president is calling on baseball players and owners to  quot;address this serious problem.	1
Gun battle erupts as Powell visits Haiti PORT-AU-PRINCE (AFP) - An intense gun battle broke out just outside Haiti #39;s presidential palace, injuring eight people as US Secretary of State Colin Powell met with interim government leaders, authorities said.	0
Update 1: Farm Credit Services #39; Board Ends Deal A member of the federal Farm Credit system said Thursday it ended its agreement to merge with a privately held Dutch bank, citing delays and criticism of the deal.	2
 #39;Aussie Kim #39; calls time on Hewitt love match Kim Clijsters has stunned the tennis world by announcing her break up with Lleyton Hewitt just four months before their scheduled wedding.	1
US envoy tells Ukraine leaders to hold fair vote (AFP) AFP - A top US senator met outgoing Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma to urge him to ensure a fair presidential election at the weekend, amid opposition warnings of massive vote-rigging to ensure victory for Kuchma's protege.	0
Classmates Online sells for \$100 million Classmates Online founder Randy Conrads was feeling good yesterday after the company he started nine years ago in the basement of his Kent home was sold for \$100 million in cash to United Online Inc.	2
Kerry and Bush Election Popularity Tracked on Blog Monitor Kerry and Bush Election Popularity Tracked on Blog Monitor\\The Democratic and Republican Conventions respectively cast John Kerry and George W. Bush into the eyes of those who are in their election day decision making. Besides helping to define the candidates' campaigns, the conventions also legitimized and gave respect to bloggers ...	3
Pedal to the medals Vouliagmeni, Greece - The second-fastest move Tyler Hamilton made Wednesday was hopping off the gold-medal platform and running - hobbling, really - to his wife, Haven. 	1
US Airways: Could Liquidate Without Cuts  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - US Airways &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIRQ.OB target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIRQ.OB&lt;/A&gt; wants a  bankruptcy judge to impose temporary wage and other cost cuts  on its union workers, warning that it only has enough cash to  operate through January.	2
Why we enjoy telling people off Telling people off activates a part of the brain linked to enjoyment and satisfaction, say scientists.	0
Germany unveils debt cut measures The German government announces a series of measures to rein in its public deficit, including proposing scrapping one public holiday.	2
Vogts: Scotland played so well A Steffen Iversen penalty was sufficient to secure the points for Norway at Hampden on Saturday. James McFadden was ordered off after 53 minutes for deliberate handball as he punched Claus Lundekvam #39;s header off the line.	1
Medtronic Down, Not Out Internal defibrillator maker's earnings growth rate is slowing down, but its future looks healthy.	2
Look... face it: Your PC is NOT secure Apparently, some two thirds of home users think they are safe from online threats, but 20 percent of home computers are infected by a virus, and 80 percent have problems with spyware and adware.	3
'Virtual Girlfriend' Demands Sweet Talk and Gifts HONG KONG (AP) -- She needs to be coddled with sweet talk and pampered with gifts, but you'll never see her in the flesh. A Hong Kong company has developed a "virtual girlfriend" for new cell phones with video capability...	3
Gloucester slows down Winthrop A sense of history is valuable, even in a football game. Gloucester has watched Winthrop's Anthony Fucillo walk all over the Northeastern Conference this season. Through eight games, Fucillo had thrown 11 touchdown passes and scored 87 points.	1
Public Service Workers Strike in South Africa A one-day nationwide strike of civil service workers in South Africa has brought education to a standstill and affected many other state agencies.	0
Fergie on United kids It is the first time Ferguson and Gunners boss Arsene Wenger have faced each other since October 24 in a Barclays Premiership match which was riddled with bad blood and accusations.	1
Seattle vs. San Francisco SAN FRANCISCO (Ticker) -- Jerry Rice became the NFL #39;s most prolific wide receiver while he was with the San Francisco 49ers. On Sunday, the 42-year-old Rice makes his return to San Francisco as a member of the Seattle Seahawks.	1
Low-income housing wins a beachhead in the  #39;burbs On a crisp afternoon, Ethel Lawrence Boulevard looks like any other street in the comfortable suburb of Mount Laurel. Kids play football in front of gray Cape Cod apartments 	2
NVIDIA and Sony hook-up Electronic voting in the US. The saga continues. Here is an interesting comparision with a Venezuelan referendum.  quot;80 of Americans could correctly name the first President Bush #39;s pet dog Millie, but only 	3
JD Power Reportedly Exploring Sale WESTLAKE VILLAGE -- JD Power  amp; Associates, the research firm best known for its surveys of cars and other consumer products, has hired a firm to explore options that could include selling the privately held company, according to newspaper reports.	2
Maurice Wilkins Maurice Wilkins, the molecular biologist who died on Tuesday aged 87, was the third and least well-known of the three scientists who in 1962 won the Nobel Prize for medicine for determining the structure of DNA, the molecule which carries the genetic code 	3
Tricks Fool Caller ID It wasn't long after caller ID became popular that some people signed up for telephone services to block their number from being displayed. Now comes another trick: Companies are marketing systems to help callers fool telephone identification services into thinking they are someone else entirely. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
PluggedIn: The OQO Is Not Just Another Handheld Device (Reuters) Reuters - A full-fledged Windows XP\computer that's a fraction of the size of a laptop seems like\the answer to the digerati's prayers, but the praise greeting\the OQO Model 01 has been decidedly muted.	3
Yankees sort through wreckage Three things all Yankees baseball people were on the same page about at their Tampa meeting with George Steinbrenner: 1) Going for Carlos Beltran.	1
Historic HR bridges 2 eras SAN FRANCISCO - What Babe Ruth was to the first half of the 20th century and Hank Aaron was to the second, Barry Bonds has become for the home run generation.	1
Rapids look for playoff revenge vs. LA DENVER -- The second-seeded Los Angeles Galaxy travel to INVESCO Field at Mile High to face the third-seeded Colorado Rapids in the opening game of the 2004 MLS playoffs Friday.	1
TechBrief: Blow to file sharers The British music industry won an important High Court decision Thursday that would force Internet service providers to hand over the identity of Britons accused of using the Internet to swap free songs.	3
Before Updating, Wash Your Windows (CBS/AP) Though Microsoft Corp. #39;s new security update package is all about protecting systems from worms, viruses and spyware, it can #39;t do much about what #39;s already on computers - and that could pose a problem.	3
Norway #39;s Riga embassy to reopen after alert Norway plans to reopen its embassy in Riga on Wednesday after a two-day closure spurred by security fears that spread across the Nordic and Baltic region, the Foreign Ministry said on Tuesday.	0
Playboy to open club in Shanghai Playboy Enterprises, the adult entertainment company, has announced plans to open a private members club in Shanghai even though the company #39;s flagship men #39;s magazine is still banned in China.	2
Fannie Mae execs set their defense Managers of mortgage finance company Fannie Mae will defend themselves before Congress Wednesday amid government findings that they broke accounting rules to deliver steady earnings growth quarter after quarter.	2
Jordan Acts to Curb a Rising Chorus of Critics As violence worsens in Iraq on Jordan's eastern border and in the West Bank in the opposite direction, the kingdom's traditionally moderate Islamic activists have intensified their rhetoric denouncing the government.	0
News: Gait advances in emerging biometrics Retinal scans, finger printing or facial recognition get most of the publicity but researchers across the world are quietly labouring away at alternative types of biometrics.	3
Alstott out four weeks with sprained knee The Tampa Bay fullback felt his right knee pop when he was tackled for a 4-yard loss during the second half of a 19-7 victory over Chicago and will be sidelined at least a month with a sprained medial collateral ligament.	1
Groups Want Pensions to Divest From Sudan (AP) AP - Black activists and religious groups are pressing public pension funds to divest a purported  #36;91 billion in holdings of companies operating in oil-rich Sudan.	0
Power Group Delists to Safeguard Rescue Deal Troubled nuclear power group British Energy today said it was removing itself from the stock market in a bid to stop rebel shareholders scuppering its rescue package.	2
Companies, scavengers scrap over recycled paper in Japan TOKYO -- The paper chase starts in the blackness of early morning, a cat-and-mouse game played on Tokyo's almost empty backstreets in the hours before businessmen shake off their hangovers and commuters emerge to flood the city.	0
Malaysia's Sea Turtles Are in Trouble (AP) AP - Several species of sea turtles in Malaysia could vanish in a few years, largely due to illegal poaching of the creatures and their eggs, scientists warned on Wednesday.	3
First Look: MusicMatch Jukebox's Impressive Version 10 Free software helps organize large music collections.	3
Middle East ; Abbas calls on Palestinians to end armed struggle Middle East News, GAZA, Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has called for his people to pursue negotiations instead of violence in the struggle for a state, marking out a change of strategy for peace with Israel after Yasser Arafat #39;s death.	0
Q amp;A David Gergen, political analyst, on leadership David Gergen , director of the Center for Public Leadership at the John F. Kennedy School of Government , was an adviser to four US presidents: Nixon, Ford, Reagan and Clinton. He is editor-at-large at U.S. News  amp; World Report and a political analyst. Gergen, whose center helps develop future leaders, talked to Boston Globe staff reporter Diane E. Lewis ...	2
Vivendi reports sizzling third-quarter profits (AFP) AFP - Media and mobile telephone group Vivendi Universal said that third-quarter profits had risen by nearly sixfold and upgraded its full-year profit outlook owing to a change in tax arrangements.	3
Clinton Likely to Have Surgery Monday Former President Bill Clinton's heart bypass, expected Monday, likely will be an ordinary replumbing of his ailing heart, not some new whiz-bang robotic or "keyhole" surgery, leading surgeons say.    A source close to the former president who spoke on condition of anonymity said Clinton has told him the surgery was scheduled for Monday morning...	0
All Geared Up to Serve The presidential inauguration is typically the most lucrative single week for the city's hospitality industry in any four-year span.	2
US demands immediate release of Aung San Suu Kyi WASHINGTON : The White House on Thursday demanded that Myanmar military authorities  quot;immediately and unconditionally quot; release opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi and condemned her extended house arrest.	0
Britain Proposes Debt Relief to Nations Britain will provide more debt relief for the world #39;s poorest countries and challenge other rich countries to do the same, Prime Minister Tony Blair #39;s government said Sunday.	0
IBM loosens its blade IBM IS to share the designs of its blade servers in a bid to boost their popularity among developers. It follows moves to open up the companys microprocessor business and give partners more access to its 	3
Rocket plane wins \$10 mln prize A privately built rocket plane has won a 10 million US dollar prize for the first commercially viable manned spacecraft. Space Ship One has touched down in a US desert after 	3
Chamberlain Among 20 Cut by Broncos (AP) AP - Tight ends Byron Chamberlain and Jed Weaver were among the 20 players cut by the Denver Broncos on Sunday.	1
Google launches UK Froogle shopping site Internet search firm Google has launched its Froogle price comparison Web site in Britain, expanding the company #39;s e-commerce business and putting it head to head with partners such as Kelkoo.	3
Afghan Militants Threaten to Kill Hostages A militant group claiming to have kidnapped three foreign election workers in Afghanistan said Friday that it would execute the hostages if the authorities pursued their search for the kidnappers.	0
Can Microsoft Kill Google? To get back to what MSN #39;s new search means, start by thinking of ad dollars. As Foolish paid-search fan Rick Munarriz has pointed out many times, this is a big business, with plenty of room to grow.	3
Sudanese government and rebels agree to end southern conflict by &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Sudanese government and rebel officials signed an agreement Friday promising to end the 21-year civil war in Sudan by the end of the year in front of the UN Security Council holding a special meeting in Africa.	0
Cambodia names a new king  PHNOM PENH, Cambodia -- Prince Norodom Sihamoni was named Cambodia's new king yesterday, succeeding his father, Norodom Sihanouk, who stunned the country last week by announcing his abdication because of ill health.	0
Part of the ECT News Network Stocks rallied today, with all averages finishing up as the US dollar performed better against overseas currencies for the first time in weeks.	2
Briefly: Novell to release Open Enterprise Server roundup Plus: Blizzard wins online game suit...CA adds utility-like mainframe pricing, expects...Salesforce.com reports subscriber surge.	3
Guitar Player Honors GarageBand Guitar Player magazine announced during the summer NAMM show in Nashville that it has awarded GarageBand the magazine #146;s reader #146;s choice for Best Software of 2004. Jul 29	3
U.S. Senate to Weigh Bill Targeting Web Song Swaps (Reuters) Reuters - After weeks of negotiations, the\U.S. Senate could take action this week on a bill that would\make it easier to sue "peer-to-peer" networks like Kazaa and\LimeWire that allow users to copy music and movies over the\Internet.	3
El Guerrouj, Holmes complete doubles; Americans yield ATHENS, Greece - Hicham El Guerrouj became the first man in 80 years to win the 1,500 and the 5,000 races at one Olympics, joining Finnish great Paavo Nurmi in the history books on Saturday.	1
Microsoft E-Mail Looks Like Spam to Some For a year, Microsoft Corp. has extolled the virtues of the Can-Spam Act, which Congress passed in late 2003 to crack down on purveyors of unwanted bulk e-mail.  But some think the software giant is engaged in its own spamming.&lt;BR&gt;\\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
India agree contracts India players agree central contracts for the first time, with top stars netting a basic salary of 59,000.	0
Darfur Aid Groups Fear Fresh Violence, Move Staff  EL FASHER, Sudan (Reuters) - Aid agencies fearing an  upsurge of fighting in Sudan's troubled Darfur region have  suspended operations and evacuated staff from the volatile  Jebel Marra area in West Darfur state, U.N. officials said on  Friday.	0
Overrated NBA athletes losing to better teams For the purist, watching basketball played at the Olympic level is a nice break from what #39;s become of the game in this country. 	1
Bat Lifted by Higher Volumes and Profits British American Tobacco posted a 20 rise in profits today and said a business-transforming deal in the United States had shown early promise.	2
IBM promotes open-source in India The new Open Source Software Resource Centre will be funded with \$1.2 million over three years and will try to promote open-source software by establishing a portal for exchanging information on the subject and initiating proof-of-concept projects.	3
Run-off vote produces two Romanian presidents The Romanian presidential election was too close to call last night as both candidates declared themselves the victor after a run-off ballot produced a statistical dead heat.	0
Dollar's slide elicits hands-off approach by US WASHINGTON -- America's trade deficit is soaring, and the once highflying dollar has sunk to record lows against Europe's common currency. But the Bush administration has reacted with remarkable calm to developments that raise worries about a possible dollar crisis.	2
Frances a Fast-Growing Hurricane, Far Out at Sea (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Frances was born in the\Atlantic Ocean on Thursday but the rapidly growing storm was\many days from threatening any populated area.	0
Nader Supporters Lose Supreme Court Appeal (AP) AP - The Supreme Court on Tuesday rejected a last-ditch bid to put Ralph Nader on Oregon's election ballot.	0
Microsoft defends its software Microsoft has been forced to fight for its lucrative Asian market, following government agreements to switch to other open-source software.	3
Ruling party retains Namibia presidency Namibia #39;s ruling party retained the presidency and its two-thirds majority in parliament in a landslide victory in last week #39;s elections, officials said Sunday.	0
Bushs victory eases fears over trade SINGAPORE: Asian business circles reacted with relief Wednesday to the apparent re-election of President George W Bush, which eased fears of US protectionism, but some were concerned about his impact on the regions political stability.	2
AP: Iran Converts Uranium Into Gas TEHRAN, Iran Oct. 6, 2004 - Iran has converted a few tons of raw uranium into hexafluoride gas needed for enrichment, a necessary step toward producing nuclear fuel or nuclear weapons, a top nuclear official told The Associated Press on Wednesday.	0
Olympics: 'People Power' Stops Games Event, Holmes Wins  ATHENS (Reuters) - "People's power" stopped a gymnastics  final when judges' scoring destroyed Russian Alexei Nemov's  Olympic medal hopes on Monday, while Briton Kelly Holmes  shattered Maria Mutola's dream of consecutive 800 meters  titles.	1
Racing: Rule Of Law applies the finishing touch One of the factors that the decriers of the St Leger often forget is that an integral part of this sport is the spectacle that it provides.	1
CommScope Shares Plunge 3Q on Sales View Shares of CommScope Inc. fell more than 20 percent in the extended session Monday after the maker of coaxial and fiber-optic cables revised its sales outlook and announced plans for cost reductions and price increases.	2
Services sector up, manufacturing down An industry survey said growth in the vast US services sector expanded in October, with a slight rise in the employment index. Meanwhile, the Commerce Department said orders placed with US factories fell for 	2
Former CA CEO Charged with Fraud  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Former Computer Associates  International Inc. on  chief executive Sanjay Kumar was charged  on Wednesday with securities fraud and obstruction of justice  stemming from a two-year investigation of improper accounting  at the software maker.	2
Pole could boost Newman #39;s Chase chances With only three of the Chase for the Championship contenders among the top 10 starters for Subway 500, Ryan Newman figures Sunday #39;s race at the Martinsville Speedway may be his last chance to make a run at the title.	1
Who #39;s the boss? Densham upstages Force John Force, the NHRA #39;s winningest driver and 12-time Funny Car champion, is quick to point out that his 25-year friendship with teammate Gary Densham helped forge Force #39;s remarkable career.	1
Authorities to harden tactics on speculation The government is likely to tighten supervision of domestic companies #39; trading futures on overseas markets after the China Aviation Oil (Singapore) Corp lost US\$550 million from 	2
India lifts 20-year ban on night viewing of Taj Mahal (AFP) AFP - India's Supreme Court lifted a 20-year ban on night viewing of the Taj Mahal, the 17th century white-marble monument to love in the northern city of Agra.	0
Navy secretary assures torture allegations by Guantanamo detainee &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; WASHINGTON, Oct 1 (AFP) - US Navy Secretary Gordon England said Friday that an allegation of torture by a detainee at a military prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba will be investigated.	0
Williams plans to follow Tyson KO with Klitschko upset Danny Williams, who registered a major upset by knocking out Mike Tyson in four rounds in July, expects to pull off another one when he faces heavyweight champion Vitali Klitschko.	1
Car Bombers Attack Near Baghdad Green Zone  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Twin car bombs detonated outside a  police station near the protected Green Zone in Baghdad on  Saturday, killing at least three people in the latest guerrilla  strike against Iraq's shaky security forces.	0
Jiang departure stabilizes Strait, says MAC official The chances of an unexpected conflict across the Taiwan Strait have diminished with the retirement of China #39;s former President Jiang Zemin () from his post as military chief, a high ranking official from the Mainland Affairs Council contended 	0
Space Flight Bumpy, But Successful (CBS/AP) The first private manned rocket to reach space soared toward the edge of the atmosphere again in an unexpectedly bumpy ride Wednesday in the first half of a bid to earn a \$10 million prize.	3
Jayasuriya gets his ton as Lankans battle on Karachi - Sanath Jayasuriya hit his 14th Test hundred as Sri Lanka reached 234 for two at lunch on the fourth day of the second Test against Pakistan on Sunday.	1
Pavano picks Yankees; Red Sox grab Wells Carl Pavano decided he wanted to be a Yankee, and his agent and team officials worked to complete a four-year deal for about \$39-million.	1
Citigroup Falls on Downgrade Citigroup Inc. shares on Monday suffered their biggest one-day percentage decline in 18 months after a prominent Wall Street analyst downgraded the world #39;s largest 	2
 quot;I can take his punches quot; - Williams By Ant Evans in Las Vegas( pic by Mr Will/Hogan Photos): WBC heavyweight title challenger Danny Williams insists he #39;s completely unperturbed by champion Vitali Klitschko #39;s well-hyped punching power on the eve of their Mandalay Bay collision here Saturday 	1
Strahan, Pennington, Leftwich sidelined by injuries EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- All-Pro Michael Strahan will miss the rest of the season with a torn muscle in his chest, leaving the New York Giants without both starting defensive ends.	1
Promise and Peril of Vioxx Cast Harsher Light on New Drugs The abrupt withdrawal last week of the best-selling painkiller Vioxx is an event rich in ironies and lessons that may ultimately lead to a rethinking of the way drug safety is evaluated in the United States.	2
NHL labour meeting set for Tuesday The NHL and NHLPA will be meeting Tuesday in Toronto at 1pm et/10am pt at which time the NHL is expected to respond to Thursday #39;s NHLPA proposal.	1
Lions, Rogers OK six-year deal The Detroit Lions reached a six-year deal with Shaun Rogers yesterday, making him the highest-paid defensive tackle in the NFL, his agent said. Kennard McGuire would not reveal terms of the contract, but ESPN.com reported the deal was worth \$46 million and included a \$15 million signing bonus. Rogers, 25, was selected to the Pro Bowl this year and was ...	1
Intel updates Centrino wireless chips, software Intel Corp. unveiled an update to its wireless networking technology Thursday, adding simpler software, improved security and support for a more robust, less interference-prone radio standard.	3
Government says Finnish with IE 6 A government agency in Finland is urging the country #39;s citizens to avoid use of Internet Explorer until Microsoft has patched the Bofra vulnerability.	3
O #39;Neal The Indianapolis Star reported Friday that the Pacers likely will place All-Star forward Jermaine O #39;Neal on the injured list due to a strained ligament in his left foot.	1
Microsoft's Media Center Still Falls Short Microsoft's Media Center edition of Windows XP has to rank as one of the company's bigger disappointments in a while.&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;	3
Lessons in making life-and-debt decisions It's safe to say most people would prefer to never have to see a bankruptcy attorney or judge.	2
Fiedler given opportunity to spark winless Dolphins By all accounts, Jay Fiedler is a good guy. He signs autographs, performs charity work and always speaks well of others, even the New York Jets.	1
Mugabe rival urges reconciliation Zimbabwe opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai says his treason acquittal could help heal deep political divisions.	0
Update 1: McTeer Seen As Raising Dallas Fed Profile Robert McTeer #39;s tenure as president of the Dallas Federal Reserve Bank was marked by his endless advocacy for free trade and his belief that rising productivity could trump inflation.	2
Wenger says he #39;s committed to Arsenal and not tempted by Madrid Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger said Friday he had no desire to leave the club and planned to sign a new contract to keep him at Highbury until at least 2008.	1
Big Voter Turnout Seen Among Young People (AP) AP - Under-30 voters came through in big numbers this year, with more than 20 million casting a ballot for president, researchers found. The turnout bested their 2000 showing by more than nine percentage points and heartened activists who worked to get young voters to the polls.	0
Borders Posts 3rd-Quarter Loss Vs Yr. Ago No 2. US book retailer Borders Group Inc. (BGP.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Tuesday posted a quarterly loss versus a year-ago profit, hurt by sluggish store traffic and a slowdown in sales of bestsellers.	2
Podium finish for Barrichello For the first time of his career, Rubens Barrichello finished the Brazilian Grand Prix on the podium. Michael Schumacher started from the back of the field and finished in the points despite spinning in the early stages of the race.	1
Burks still fighting for another chance to play For better or worse, Ellis Burks has all but committed to trying at all costs to help the Red Sox before the season ends. Burks, one of the game's most prolific righthanded hitters before two surgeries this season set him back, said he plans to decide by next week whether to try to play again this season. And, ...	1
1 Iraqi Worker Killed, 14 Hurt in Ambush A bus carrying female employees of the national airline is targeted. An Iraqi captive #39;s husband pleads for her release. By Monte Morin and John Daniszewski.	0
Alonso wants further improvement Liverpool midfielder Xabi Alonso wants his side to build on Sunday #39;s confidence-boosting win over Arsenal. The Spaniard, who scored his first goal at Anfield to open the scoring, said:  quot;The result was very good for our morale and to score was even better.	1
OPEC Frets Over Excess Supply  CAIRO (Reuters) - Nervous OPEC oil producers on Wednesday  sized up how rapidly this week's ministerial meeting should  rein in a supply surge that has helped drag crude prices down  by a quarter in barely six weeks.	2
Md. Senator Sees Error by Voting Machine Sen. Barbara Mikulski tried out a new touch-screen voting machine that was displayed at a local festival and got an erroneous result, an aide said.	3
This Banks providing top interest Listen to the voice of wisdom:  quot;It's early. quot; The speaker? Marcus Banks. He appears to have learned quite a bit in a very short period.	1
Bird flu case played down BANGKOKThailand said yesterday it had found its first known probable case of a human being infecting another with bird flu, but insisted it was an isolated incident that posed little risk to the greater population.	0
WOMEN #39;S MARATHON The Pain of Defeat Is Still Fresh Crushed by her failure to finish the women #39;s Olympic marathon Sunday, Paula Radcliffe broke down twice yesterday as she struggled to explain how her dreams were shattered.	1
Pavano hears Yankees' sales pitch; next step Baltimore names The Carl Pavano tour across the American League wrapped up its New York engagement yesterday with the free agent righthander meeting with Yankees officials and Reggie Jackson . Pavano, who went to Yankee Stadium Saturday to meet with team trainers and video personnel, had dinner in Manhattan with Yankees president Randy Levine , general manager Brian Cashman , and ...	1
Low jobs growth savages US stocks WEAK job growth figures and record-high oil prices pulled the rug from under US equities on Friday, despite soothing words from General Electric about the state of the American economy.	2
Militants threaten to kill Turk hostage  CAIRO -- Iraqi militants threatened to behead a Turkish truck driver if his company and the Kuwaiti contractor it works for did not stop their operations in Iraq within 48 hours, according to a videotape aired on Arab television yesterday.	0
Arafat #39;s wife sends message to leaders Paris - Yasser Arafat #39;s wife on Sunday despatched a key Palestinian official to the West Bank with a mysterious message for the leadership concerning the health of her husband and its political consequences.	0
Is Sun Turning against Linux and Red Hat? An Elephant writes  quot;Groklaw is reporting, based on a ZDNet UK story, that Sun #39;s strategy for survival in the near future is based on trying to equate Linux with Red Hat, and then attack Red Hat as too small to support enterprises.	3
Editorial: This match is not played out JOHN Howard and Mark Latham are both footy followers but it looks like they prepared their policy statements for the leaders debate while watching very boring tennis on television.	0
No decision taken by Musharraf on army chief post: Pakistani &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; ISLAMABAD: Pakistan #39;s information minister retracted his statement that President Pervez Musharraf would retain his position as head of the powerful army.	0
MPAA files lawsuits against P2P networks The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) is following the Recording Industry Association of Americas (RIAA) footsteps by filing lawsuits against BitTorrent clients.	3
One failure led to another on Genesis craft Genesis project officials failed to catch the flaw that doomed the Lockheed Martin-built spacecraft despite extra layers of scrutiny added after two of the company #39;s other NASA probes failed.	3
Coca-Cola earnings dip 24 as sales lose fizz The Coca-Cola organisation yesterday blamed poor sales in the US and Europe, bad weather, new recycling laws and a lukewarm welcome for a new  quot;mid-calorie quot; Coke as it issued a profit warning.	2
KOREA: Rumors Swirl over Missing Portraits Speculation surrounding the reported removal of portraits of Dear Leader Kim Jong-il from some public buildings and homes in North Korea continued to swirl Thursday but 	0
Stocks Seen Higher; Oil Prices Slipping  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks looked to open higher on  Friday, as the fourth quarter begins on Wall Street with oil  prices holding below \$50 a barrel.	2
Amazon, Microsoft Sue Spammers, Phishers Amazon.com and Microsoft Tuesday announced that they had joined forces to put spammers and phishing scammers in new legal crosshairs.	3
Iran says it has achieved effective deterrent power Iranian Defense Minister Ali Shamkhani said Saturday that Iran has achieved an  amp;quoteffective deterrent power quot; to confront its enemies in the region, the official IRNA news agency reported.	2
China expects 9 GDP growth in  #39;04 TOKYO (CBS.MW) - China expects economic growth to reach at least 9 percent in 2004, according to a published report. Free! Sign up here to receive our Before the Bell e-Newsletter!	2
Schilling Needs Surgery Curt Schilling needs surgery on his injured right ankle, but the Red Sox hope he will still be able to pitch Game 5 of the ALCS on Sunday.	1
UPDATE 1-S amp;P delivers third blow to Merck  #39;AAA #39; ratings Merck  amp; Co. (MRK.N: Quote, Profile, Research) saw its ratings slashed by a third credit ratings agency on Tuesday as Standard  amp; Poor #39;s delivered the final blow 	2
China lures Amazon.com, other online e-commerce giants Going store-to-store hunting for bargains holds no appeal for Wang Qin, a busy securities industry employee who says he would rather spend his time and energy on work.	3
SNW  #39;04: 4 Gbps FC products step it up a notch Brocade Communications Systems Inc. unveiled its 4 gigabits per second (Gbps) Fibre Channel (FC) switch family at Storage Networking World on Monday, a stop-gap 	3
IMF team opens Kenya loan talks The International Monetary Fund starts talks with Kenya which could result in the release of a delayed loan to the country.	2
Red Hat buys Netscape Enterprise Solutions from AOL Enterprise Linux specialist Red Hat has snapped up choice pieces of Netscape Enterprise solutions from AOL. These include the Netscape Enterprise Suite and include Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate Management System.	3
Playoff Capsules Adam LaRoche hit a tying, three-run homer in the sixth inning and JD Drew singled home the go-ahead run in the ninth to give the Atlanta Braves a 6-5 victory Sunday that tied their best-of-five NL series against the Houston Astros at two games apiece.	1
Backman not one to back down General partner and avid baseball card collector Ken Kendrick happily raised a baseball card of Wally Backman vigorously sliding into an opposing catcher.	1
Cavs' Traylor Out With Broken Finger (AP) AP - Cavaliers forward Robert Traylor will miss three to four weeks after breaking his left pinkie against the New Jersey Nets.	1
Law: He deserves honour DENIS Law has hailed Ruud van Nistelrooy after the Dutch striker broke his United European goalscoring record last night. Ruud grabbed a second-half double in Lyon to salvage his team a 2-2 Champions League 	1
FTC sues alleged spyware distributors The US Federal Trade Commission filed a legal complaint last week against two companies that are believed to have infected computers with spyware and pop-up advertising and then attempted to sell their owners anti-spyware software.	3
Annan calls for urgent action over Sudan United Nations secretary-general Kofi Annan has opened a special session of the Security Council in the Kenyan capital Nairobi. It is the first time in 14 years that the UN Security Council has met outside New York.	0
Campaigns battle over missing explosives The disappearance of 380 tons of powerful explosives from an Iraq storage depot has become a political football in the US presidential elections as both campaigns look for a last-minute advantage.	0
Martial law cools China #39;s ethnic violence Martial law remained in place Wednesday in the villages in central China #39;s Henan province where ethnic violence killed at least seven people last week.	0
A Pair of Linux Stocking Stuffers (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - Opinion: Want a quick and easy introduction to Linux? Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols offers two reading suggestions that will help get you started.	3
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Live from SES Chicago 2004 - White Hat/black Hat SEO Panel - So Now You Can Search Videos - Google Wins Major Legal Victory vs. Geico - Google Suggest Beta - The Dark Side of Exchanging Reciprocal Links	3
Coast Guard Tries To Contain 20-Mile Oil Slick PHILADELPHIA -- The US Coast Guard has deployed thousands of feet of protective boom to contain a 30,000-gallon oil spill in the Delaware River between Philadelphia and southern New Jersey.	1
US military not meeting hostage-takers #39; demands to release &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; KABUL, Afghanistan A US military spokesman says the US won #39;t  quot;release anyone quot; in response to a hostage situation involving three UN workers kidnapped in Afghanistan.	0
Bombardier Shares Dive as CEO Quits  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Paul Tellier stepped down as president  and chief executive of Bombardier Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBDsvb.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBDsvb.TO&lt;/A&gt;  on Monday,  surprising investors and sending the train and plane maker's  shares down as much as 26 percent to a 10-year low.	2
Wall Street Bonuses Likely to Rise  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wall Street's annual bonuses may rise  10 percent to 15 percent this year, half as much as a year ago,  as revenue growth falls short of earlier expectations, a  leading industry consultant said.	2
Kerr-McGee to trim 100 jobs at Savannah facility OKLAHOMA CITY - Kerr-McGee Corp. plans to shut down its Savannah, Ga., pigment sulfate production, resulting in charges of \$75 million to \$85 million in the third quarter.	2
Astronomers Ready for Comet Smashing Mission (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - NASA and university astronomers are eagerly awaiting \the launch of a nbsp;space probe bound to collide with a comet and give \researchers a glimpse inside the solar system's nbsp;icy \wanderers. nbsp;	3
IBM scores \$1B in Danish contracts IBM announced agreements with two Danish companies on outsourcing deals that together are worth more than \$1 billion over 10 years.	3
Oracle seals PeopleSoft takeover SAN FRANCISCO -- Ending 18 months of hostility, Oracle Corp. has raised its takeover bid for rival PeopleSoft Inc. by 10 per cent to seal a \$10.3-billion US deal that will create the world #39;s second-largest maker of business applications software.	2
Injuries prevent Fox from continuing career Rick Fox made it official yesterday: He will not be coming through any door to have a second go-round with the Celtics. As shockers go, this one is slightly behind  quot;Dewey Defeats Truman. quot;	1
Mud, Debris Hinder Aid Efforts in Haiti Three weeks after Haiti's worst natural disaster in years the country is trying desperately to attend to its sick, feed its hungry, keep drinking water flowing and remove tons of mud and debris.	0
Outsider wins marathon JAPAN #39;S Mizuki Noguchi foiled premature British celebrations to win the women #39;s marathon today, beating world record-holder and scorching favourite Paula Radcliffe.	1
Euro drifts back from another all-time dollar high LONDON (AFP) - The euro drifted back from another all-time high against the dollar as dealers booked profits following the sharp appreciation in the currency in the wake of comments from European Central Bank president Jean-Claude Trichet and weak US 	2
Phelps makes winning return at world championships INDIANAPOLIS: Michael Phelps made a winning return to the pool at the world short course championships today, capturing the 200m freestyle title and the first of a possible six gold medals.	1
Amazon.com to Acquire Joyo.com for \$72M Amazon.com Inc. said Thursday it has agreed to buy Joyo.com Ltd., China's largest online retailer of books, music and videos, for \$72 million.	3
Security forces kill Amjad Farooqi NAWABSHAH, Sept 26: An alleged terrorist, who was later identified as an Al Qaeda kingpin Amjad Farooqi, was killed and seven other people, including two women and three children , were arrested 	0
PeopleSoft Soap Opera Still Alive Merger talks are still alive in the hostile takeover soap opera between Oracle (Quote, Chart) and PeopleSoft (Quote, Chart). Early Saturday morning, Oracle CEO Larry Ellison said his  quot;best and final all cash 	2
Tech industry presents less-than-unified defense Last fall, the Blaster Internet worm slammed into Cable Bahamas like a digital hurricane, clogging Web connections for the tiny Internet service provider #39;s 22,000 subscribers.	3
NHL Cancels All-Star Game; is Season Next? In another sign the NHL season is slipping away, the league canceled its All-Star game Wednesday because of the lockout. No regular-season games have been played since the season was scheduled to begin Oct.	1
USDA: Devastating Soybean Disease Found (Reuters) Reuters - The first case of soybean rust, an\economically devastating disease for farmers, has been found in\the mainland United States, the U.S. Agriculture Department\said on Wednesday.	2
Microsoft Updates Windows Server Roadmap: No WinFS for You On Friday, Microsoft alerted me to sweeping changes in the Windows Server roadmap, an update of sorts to the information that Microsoft Senior Vice President Bob Muglia gave me during an interview in May.	3
RIAA files 750 new file-trading lawsuits The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on Thursday announced it has filed 750 new lawsuits against alleged file-traders using peer-to-peer (P-to-P) software.	3
Possible Source of Cosmic Rays Found com Staff. Astronomers have produced the first truly useful image ever of something in space using gamma rays. It #39;s a picture only an astronomer could love, but it appears to help solve a century-long mystery.	3
West Nile 'causes lasting damage' Being infected with severe West Nile Virus can cause long-term health problems, a study has found.	0
Resident Evil 4 Exclusive No More October 31, 2004 - It looks like the folks at Capcom Entertainment were only kidding when they sternly insisted over and over again that the GameCube action-thriller Resident Evil 4 would forever remain exclusive to Nintendo #39;s console.	3
NU names seven to Hall Record-setting quarterback Ralph Barone and women's hockey standout and current coach Laura Schuler head the list of seven inductees into the Northeastern Hall of Fame.	1
Former Mexican Police Official Arrested (AP) AP - Federal agents arrested a former government security agent on charges of kidnapping a leftist rebel in 1975, the second former official to arrested in the disappearance of Jesus Piedra.	0
FCC OKs Cingular, AT amp;T Wireless deal The Federal Communications Commission has approved the \$41 billion merger of Atlanta-based Cingular Wireless and AT amp;T Wireless Services Inc.	2
Europe rout US in record-busting Ryder Cup victory (AFP) AFP - Europe pulled off a sensational Ryder Cup victory when they crushed the all-star American team by a record-breaking 18 1/2 to 9 1/2 points.	0
Durable Goods Orders Rise on Plane Demand (Reuters) Reuters - Orders for U.S. durable goods --\items meant to last at least three years -- posted a\larger-than-expected rise in July, boosted by an increase in\demand for passenger aircraft, a Commerce Department report on\Wednesday showed.	2
Dell's Photo All-In-One Printer 962 Dell's Photo All-In-One Printer 962 prints, scans, faxes and copies for \$179.	3
Sudan jails some Darfur security forces - report Sudan said it had imprisoned some Darfur militia and police for crimes including rape, the first admission that government security forces have committed human rights abuses there, a Khartoum daily said on Sunday.	0
Tibetans Say Dalai Lama May Not Return in This Life (Reuters) Reuters - It is 45 years since Tibet's\god-king, the Dalai Lama, fled his homeland on horseback as\Chinese shells rained down on his capital. Many Tibetans do not\expect to see him again, or not in his current incarnation.	0
Slower Economy, Oil Leave Stocks Mixed NEW YORK - A slowdown in economic growth and oil prices hovering around \$48 per barrel renewed Wall Street's fears of disappointing third-quarter earnings Thursday and kept stocks mixed.    In late morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average fell 49.70, or 0.5 percent, to 10,059.48, one day after the index lost more than 135 points...	0
MSN Messenger hit with outage, virus Microsoft acknowledged on Monday it continued to battle a technical glitch that prevented MSN users from logging on to the service #39;s instant-messaging system, MSN Messenger, for the past three days.	3
Morgan Stanley Is Fined \$100,000 by NASD Morgan Stanley was slapped with a \$100,000 fine from regulators on Monday after the investment bank failed to tell municipal bond investors that their holdings could be redeemed before the maturity date.	2
US labor, industry coalition charges China currency  #39;manipulation #39; WASHINGTON : An alliance of labor, industry and farm groups filed a complaint charging China with creating unfair trade conditions and undermining US workers and industry by manipulating its currency.	2
Novell to defend open source software with patents Novell is prepared to use its portfolio of US software patents to protect against patent lawsuits the open source software it ships, the company said in statements posted to the Novell.	3
Finns in Toronto is case Canada loses, Slovakia #39;s Chara OK to play TORONTO (CP) - Team Finland arrived in Toronto on Tuesday on the off-chance that Canada loses its World Cup of Hockey quarter-final game against Slovakia.	1
Leisure Suit Larry No Seducer The latest games aimed at helping the namesake character get laid,  Leisure Suit Larry: Magna Cum Laude gets high marks for humor. But the game seems too repetitive for most players' tastes. By Lore Sjberg.	3
Explosives Found in Russian Plane Wreckage Russian investigators said Friday that they found traces of explosives in the wreckage of one of the two planes that crashed almost simultaneously earlier this week killing 89 people. It was the strongest indication yet that terrorists were behind the twin tragedies.	0
Florida recovers from Hurricane Charley Two weeks after it was hit by Hurricane Charley, Florida is open for business and welcoming visitors. The organisation Visit Florida, which offers advice to holidaymakers 	2
Pacers' O'Neal Returns Jermaine O'Neal practiced with Indiana on Monday for the first time since being suspended for fighting with Detroit fans during the Pacers-Pistons brawl on Nov. 19.	1
BT Escapes Breakup in Review of Industry (AP) AP - Britain's telecommunications regulator backed away from breaking up BT Group PLC on Thursday and instead ordered the industry giant to improve competitor access to its networks.	0
Airbus targets the 7E7 niche with new plane design Unwilling to concede any corner of the commercial-airplane market to Boeing, Airbus yesterday formalized plans for a new jet that will compete head-to-head with the 7E7.	2
Need for carbon sink technologies Climate scientists tell a Stockholm conference that greater efforts should be made to pull CO2 from the atmosphere.	0
Branson Predicts Price War as Virgin Adds Sydney Flights Virgin will use Airbus A340-600 aircraft on the London-Sydney route, but plans to increase capacity by using Boeing 747s or adding a second daily service.	2
Terps Lose It Late The Terps suffer their first three-game losing streak under Ralph Friedgen as Reggie Merriweather's two-yard touchdown with 23 seconds left lifts Clemson to a 10-7 win.	1
Enter a Category Red Sox fans never had the chance to boo Grady Little for letting Pedro Martinez start the eighth inning against the Yankees in Game 7 of the 2003 ALCS.	1
Mob sets train ablaze in Bangladesh protests DHAKA, BANGLADESH -- An angry mob set fire to a passenger train and protesters clashed with police across Bangladesh yesterday, leaving dozens of people injured, as violence spread a day after a grenade attack on an opposition rally killed 19 people and 	0
Rugby U: Wales crush Romania Tom Shanklin scores a record-equalling four tries as Wales overwhelm Romania.	0
Industry group might buy Commerce One patents A move is afoot to form an industry consortium to buy about 40 patents that are among the assets of bankrupt Commerce One.	3
FTC Pulls Plug on Infomercial Giant The FTC has banned well-known TV infomercial host Kevin Trudeau from peddling a myriad of health care products claiming to cure everything from old age to lupus, the first such prohibition ever imposed by the agency.	2
Just Weeks Into Retirement, Williams Wants Back in N.F.L. Ricky Williams wants to rejoin the Miami Dolphins and has asked the N.F.L. how soon he can return, his agent said.	1
Britain arrests 8 suspects linked to US terror alert Accused of conspiring to commit murder. Alleged Al-Qa #39;ida operative charged with possessing plans of US financial institutions ...	0
Putin Sees Al-Qaida in Twin Air Crashes President Vladimir Putin said Tuesday that investigators were looking for a link between al-Qaida and Chechen rebels widely believed to have downed two planes last week.	0
A Fast-Track Coach Hops Off at Princeton Instead of pursuing a glamour conference, Joe Scott moved to the Ivy League, where players often are more talented in the classroom than they are on the basketball court.	1
JEROME WILLIAMS - Charles Wenzelberg It was shaping up to be another mundane evening in the back-to-back life of an NBA team. The Knicks, pushed to the limit by the lowly Hawks in Atlanta on Tuesday, clearly were going through the motions early on against Memphis last night at the Garden.	1
Premiership: Pompey win thriller Portsmouth won a seven-goal thriller at Fratton Park against Fulham, Aiyegbeni Yakubu netting a hat-trick. The home side were 4-3 winners in the end, although Fulham had earlier pulled back two goals after going 3-0 down very early on the match.	1
E-Courtrooms Designed to Reduce Trial Time COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) -- Every word spoken in the courtroom where Branden Basham is on trial for his life appears immediately before U.S...	3
A's Want Kendall Three-time All-Star catcher Jason Kendall has waved a no-trade that could send him from the Pittsburgh Pirates to the Oakland Athletics.	1
A League by Itself With six teams nationally ranked in the top 20, including three in the top four, the ACC remains the preeminent conference of college basketball.	1
Failed Mars Probe Blamed on Lack of Funds (AP) AP - A failed European mission to land a probe on Mars last year was hampered by late funding from the British government and tensions between groups conducting the flight, a parliamentary committee said Tuesday.	3
House Panel Tackles NCAA's Sanctions Jeremy Bloom told a congressional panel Tuesday that the NCAA cut his college football career short without giving him a fair chance to argue his case.	1
O'Meara back in mix with 66 There would be louder noise generated by his neighbor and friend later in the day, but Mark O'Meara wasn't complaining about his quiet stroll along the tree-lined fairways yesterday morning in the first round of the Deutsche Bank Championship.	1
Sistani returns as US forces trap Mehdi Army Iraq #39;s Shi #39;a spiritual leader rushed back from abroad on Wednesday to  quot;save Najaf quot; after American forces smashed militia defences to trap hundreds of supporters of rebel cleric Moqtada al-Sadr in the city #39;s shrine.	0
Verizon 3Q Profit Flat Verizon Communications Inc.'s third-quarter profit held steady at about \$1.80 billion as declining revenues from traditional phone services at the nation's biggest telephone company were offset by another blockbuster quarter for Verizon Wireless, which added a record 1.7 million subscribers.	3
* Extremists gain in the formerly communist east Germany #39;s mainstream political parties were sharply rebuffed yesterday when voters in two regional elections in formerly communist East Germany handed extremists their best results in years.	0
White Sox Sign Infielder Juan Uribe (AP) AP - The Chicago White Sox agreed to a  #36;9.75 million, three-year deal with infielder Juan Uribe on Thursday, avoiding arbitration.	1
Is XP #39;s Fix Safe? Windows XP Service Pack 2 seems a smooth upgrade for most, but many are putting off installing Microsoft #39;s big security patch anyway.	3
Activists struggle to cool Kosovo's ethnic heat Hard-line Serbs led a boycott of this weekend's election, undercutting efforts to forge a multiethnic society.	0
Games makers Acclaim ceases ops Games maker and publisher Acclaim, famous for dino game Turok, has filed for bankruptcy in the US.	2
Bonds Could Have Unknowingly Taken Steroids Barry Bonds took creams and oils that could have contained steroids, but did so unknowingly out of blind faith in his trainer and best friend, the baseball player #39;s lawyer said on Friday.	1
Cardinals make it two straight without an ace Sure, the Cardinals had hoped erstwhile right-hander Matt Morris would be all that he could be on Thursday night at Busch Stadium.	1
Trying to Beat Boutiques and Big-Box Chains Eight-year-old Angie Rojas pressed her face against a showcase in the Rockville Toys R Us and cupped her hands for a closer look.  quot;Wow, quot; she said, endorsing the toy set up inside, a \$60 	2
Suicide Car Bomber Hits Baghdad Checkpoint Again A suicide car bomber struck at an entrance to Baghdad #39;s Green Zone government compound on Tuesday, 24 hours after an almost identical attack on the same checkpoint, a US military spokesman and Iraqi police said.	0
HP releases  quot;carrier quot; grade Linux for pigeons HP, THE SELLER OF tin and fag-free utopian ideals is flogging commodity, standards-based hardware and software, including Carrier Grade Linux, to telephone company Motorola. 	3
A Mountain Too High Less than a week after a historic 29-17 victory over Pittsburgh - UConn #39;s first as a Big East Conference member -he Huskies were no match for the conference #39;s best team, West Virginia.	1
Brazil a leading world polluter, report says BRASILIA -- Burning of the Amazon and other forests accounts for three quarters of Brazil's greenhouse gas emissions and has made the country one of the leading polluters in the world, a long-delayed government report said yesterday.	0
Microsoft introduces new blog service Microsoft Corp., worlds largest software maker, has entered the blog market with its new MSN Spaces beta service that it started offering to end-users starting Thursday.	3
Getting bedrock value A conversation about Walter McCarty never stays focused on the Celtics' versatile forward for long. Just ask coach Doc Rivers.	1
Notebook: Florida teams fall in polls The Miami Hurricanes and Florida State Seminoles tumbled in the Associated Press poll released yesterday, falling out of the Top 10 after being upset in road games.	1
Russia gets budget version of Windows Microsoft will release a low-price version of Windows in Russia by the end of the year, an effort to wean consumers in that country off pirated software and Linux.	3
Dignitaries Expected at Arafat's Funeral (AP) AP - The following dignitaries are expected at Yasser Arafat's funeral in Cairo on Friday, according to Palestinian and Egyptian planners and other officials.	0
No Vijay-Els final as Fijian falls WENTWORTH (England) - Bernhard Langer went from Ryder Cup  #39;Captain Fantastic #39; to giant-killer by knocking world No 1 Vijay Singh out of the World Matchplay Championship yesterday.	1
Hype Is a Site to See Eleanor Roosevelt's Derrick Williams and his family have noticed that the recruiting process has changed significantly in the past decade because of the Internet.	1
FedEx Quarterly Earnings More Than Double  NEW YORK (Reuters) - FedEx Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=FDX.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;FDX.N&lt;/A&gt;, the world's top  air-express shipper, on Wednesday said quarterly earnings more  than doubled on strong growth in its international, ground and  freight services.	2
Athlete Analysis The big story is Roman Sebrle, Mr. Consistency. He has four decathlons over 8,800 points his last four times out. He looks good. Tom Pappas of the US, on the other hand, looked shakier than he did at the Olympic Trials.	1
Nazi holiday camp sold at auction A section of a 4.5km-long hotel complex built by the Nazis as a holiday camp is sold at auction.	0
India, Pakistan to discuss troop pullback from Kashmir glacier Nuclear-armed rivals India and Pakistan will hold talks on the withdrawal of troops from a glacier in disputed Kashmir known as the world #39;s highest battlefield, a defence official said Wednesday.	0
TEAM SPIRIT GIVES US THE ADVANTAGE - MONTY Colin Montgomerie believes Europe #39;s team spirit can defeat USA - and their partisan fans - when the Ryder Cup starts this week in Oakland Hills, Michigan.	1
IBM Overhauls WebSphere App Server IBM Wednesday introduced a significant overhaul to its WebSphere J2EE application server, with new support for standards-based messaging protocols, better management features and enhancements to improve availability of applications, according to an IBM 	3
Pakistan debates bold new Musharraf plan on Kashmir ISLAMABAD : A national debate is raging in Pakistan after President Pervez Musharraf #39;s outlining of a range of bold new options for divided Kashmir that include independence, joint control with India and demilitarisation.	0
Remorse-stricken Norwegian pays hotel bill 24 years late (AFP) AFP - A remorse-stricken Norwegian has finally settled a hotel bill 24 years after he decamped without paying, the management of the Hotel Clarion in the city of Kristiansand said.	0
Pacers #39; Miller breaks bone in hand INDIANAPOLIS  Guard Reggie Miller broke a bone in his left hand in the Pacers #39; a 98-79 loss Friday to the Denver, the exhibition finale for both teams.	1
Wall St. Seen Lower on Oil; Google Eyed  PARIS (Reuters) - Sky-high oil prices are likely to  pressure Wall Street once again on Thursday, while earnings  news from tech giants Ciena &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CIEN.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CIEN.N&lt;/A&gt; and Nortel &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NT.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NT.TO&lt;/A&gt; and  Google's &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GOOG.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GOOG.O&lt;/A&gt; awaited Nasdaq debut will also steer  sentiment.	2
Test Failure Sets Back US Missile Defense Plan President Bush #39;s drive to deploy a multibillion-dollar shield against ballistic missiles was set back on Wednesday by what critics called a stunning failure of its first full flight test in two years.	2
Clinton predicts Arab world #39;s future Former US President Bill Clinton has ruled out the possibility of reaching a comprehensive solution to the Palestinian issue and the the Arab-Israeli conflict within the next 	0
Q amp;A: Microsoft #39;s Linux strategist Martin Taylor SEPTEMBER 16, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Martin Taylor recently marked his one-year anniversary as Microsoft Corp. #39;s chief Linux strategist.	3
Argentina #39;s Sorin joins Villarreal Argentina left back Juan Pablo Sorin has joined Villarreal from Cruzeiro, the Spanish club said on its website. Villarreal said Sorin #39;s contract will run until 2008 although it gave no details of a transfer fee.	1
Finley Dumps Bulls The Mavericks' Michael Finley nails a jumper with 3.2 seconds left to lift Dallas to a tough 94-93 victory over Chicago on Monday.	1
In place of dollars, a cool change  Cash has never been so cool. Usher Raymond IV, the 25-year-old R amp;B singer who has been dubbed the king of pop, launched the Usher Debit MasterCard late last month. The sleek black card, which features the artist's face, has been passed out to concertgoers during his nationwide ''The Truth Tour. quot; The card is also available through a website, ushermc.com.	2
Fed: Economic Growth on Track  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. economic expansion remains on  track and inflation under control, top Federal Reserve  officials said Wednesday in comments likely to reinforce views  the Fed will hike rates again this year.	2
Gartner: Microsoft beats PalmSource in PDAs Worldwide shipments of personal digital assistants (PDAs) using Microsoft Corp.'s Windows CE operating system have surpassed those using PalmSource Inc.'s Palm OS for the first time, following a precipitous decline in Palm OS PDA shipments in the third quarter of 2004, according to research released Friday by industry analyst company Gartner Inc.	3
Bush Recalls 9/11 Leadership with Victim Relatives (Reuters) Reuters - President Bush on Friday\appeared with relatives of some Americans killed on Sept. 11,\2001, and vowed the country "will not be held captive by fear"\in a message intended to remind voters of his leadership in\that tense period.	0
UPDATE: Lenovo Confirms In Talks With Major IT Company HONG KONG (Dow Jones)--Lenovo Group Ltd. (0992.HK), China #39;s largest computer company, confirmed it is in acquisition talks with a major international information technology company.	2
IBM discloses details of chip (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - When IBM gave a sneak peek at its new Cell microprocessor this week, it was short on specifics about what it calls a supercomputer on a chip. But details are leaking out thanks to a recent patent awarded to IBM and Big Blue's own disclosures for an upcoming conference.	3
Thumb twiddling on cybersecurity Congresswoman Zoe Lofgren says bureaucratic miscues continue to hamstring serious government action to combat cyberattacks.	3
Playoff Series Quickly Turns Against Twins (AP) AP - The Minnesota Twins were in great shape just two days ago. Now they're on the brink of being eliminated by the New York Yankees for the second straight year.	1
Veritas Retools Server Provisioning Adding a big piece to its utility computing jigsaw puzzle, Veritas Software (Quote, Chart) rewrote its OpForce server provisioning software to include application discovery and configuration.	3
Murder of Dutch Filmmaker Throws Nation into Crisis (IsraelNN.com) Dutch authorities are treating with extraordinary caution the gruesome murder of filmmaker Theo van Gogh on an Amsterdam street on November 2. The 26-year-old suspect, caught by police along with seven alleged accomplices shortly after the 	0
Earthquake rocks Northern Japan again Tokyo- An earthquake of 5.8 magnitude at Ritcher Scale rocked the Northern Japan on Monday. It is an earthquake prone area where country #39;s deadliest earthquake in years struck last month.	0
S.Korean industrial output growth slides to nine-month low South Korea #39;s industrial output growth plunged to a nine-month low with 5.7 percent growth rate in October due to cooling exports and protracted weak consumer spending, the National Statistics Office (NSO) said Monday.	2
Holiday Online Sales Growth To Slow This Year (NewsFactor) NewsFactor - Retailers that saw impressive growth in year-over-year online sales during last year's holiday season should not look for the same results this year, according to estimates by Forrester Research.	3
Now, security solutions being outsourced After human resources, finance and accounting and supply chain management, large corporations and government agencies are turning to outside contractors for security.	3
Sony to Launch Latest Gran Turismo Software in Dec  MAKUHARI, Japan (Reuters) - Sony Corp. said on Friday it  would launch the latest version of its blockbuster racing game  software "Gran Turismo" in December in a potentially strong  boost for holiday sales of its PlayStation 2 console.	3
UN Supports OSS/Free Software In Developing World headisdead writes  quot;This BBC report has details of the IOSN #39;s (International Open Source Network) role in yesterday #39;s Software Freedom Day.	3
Willingham and Weis Make It Official Notre Dame introduced its new coach, Charlie Weis, a few hours before Tyrone Willingham was introduced as the new coach at Washington on Monday.	1
Pakistan Test Fires Nuclear-Capable Missile  ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - Pakistan successfully test-fired  Tuesday an intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of  carrying nuclear warheads as parts of its efforts to boost its  defenses, a military statement said.	0
Ellison May Attempt Boardroom Coup at PeopleSoft Following its latest rejection, the next stage in Oracle #39;s battle to buy PeopleSoft is set to begin in a courtroom on Wednesday.	2
No. 9 North Carolina 91, No. 8 Kentucky 78 North Carolina finally beat Kentucky again, thanks to Rashad McCants and Sean May. Jawad Williams helped a bunch, too. McCants scored 28 points, May had 14 points and 19 rebounds and Williams tipped in a miss 	1
Soft Margins Cut Bombardier Profit  MONTREAL (Reuters) - Second-quarter profit fell by  two-thirds at plane and train maker Bombardier Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=BBDb.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;BBDb.TO&lt;/A&gt;  as its regional aircraft business lagged a rebound in the  business jet market, the company said on Wednesday.	2
Ground Zero, the Long View The main attraction at the Project Rebirth Web site is the time-lapse photography capturing the rebuilding at ground zero.	3
Impact of deductibles For years, the piece of paper has been tucked into Paul Carson #39;s insurance policy that outlined his hurricane deductible. He never thought about it until Hurricane Frances destroyed the garage roof of his Tamarac home.	2
Group of Cities, Counties Sues Microsoft (Reuters) Reuters - A group of California cities and\counties on Friday filed a class action lawsuit against\Microsoft Corp.(MSFT.O), saying that the world's largest\software maker overcharged government agencies for software.	3
Court upholds Anwar political ban PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia -- Former Malaysian Deputy Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim will not be making a swift return to politics after the country #39;s Federal Court Wednesday upheld a 1998 corruption conviction against him.	0
\$616m for Coles will silence the doubters JOHN Fletcher yesterday claimed Coles Myer #39;s \$616.5 million profit was  quot;the kind of result every CEO actually dreams about quot;.	2
Stocks End Mixed Amid Rising Oil Prices Stocks staggered to a mixed finish Wednesday as lower-than-expected manufacturing activity and rising oil prices chilled an early spate of bargain hunting, but technology shares posted a modest advance.	2
Diamondbacks Fire New Manager Backman (AP) AP - The Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday fired Wally Backman, just four days after naming him their new manager.	1
Slow Thanksgiving Weekend for US Shopping The US holiday shopping season got off to a ho-hum start as shoppers lined up for the early-bird specials after Thanksgiving, then stayed home all weekend.	2
Glazer Buys More Manchester United Stock (AP) AP - Tampa Bay Buccaneers owner Malcolm Glazer increased his stake in Manchester United for the third straight trading day, upping his ownership share Tuesday to 28.11 percent and edging closer still to a possible takeover bid.	1
Car Explodes in Northern Gaza Town (AP) AP - A car exploded near a Palestinian industrial zone in the town of Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip on Saturday, witnesses said.	0
Blair set to face unions' wrath as TUC kicks off annual conference (AFP) AFP - Britain's trade unions opened their annual conference amid threats of strike action ahead of a general election expected in 2005, urging Prime Minister Tony Blair's government to tackle concerns about pensions and job cuts.	0
A Texan's Race Could Lead to the F.C.C. A Republican running for Congress has received heavy donations from industry because of expectations over posts she may receive if she loses and President Bush wins.	2
UK gas prices 'pushed up by oil' Gas prices in the UK are likely to remain high for at least another three years, a report predicts, due to record oil prices and supply shortages.	2
Insurgents Target Iraqi Police; 59 Dead A car bomb ripped through a busy Baghdad market where Iraqis were gathering to join the police force Tuesday, and gunmen attacked a police van to the north, killing at least 	0
IETF Disbands Anti-Spam Working Group The Internet Engineering Task Force has disbanded its working group tackling spam, saying it was deadlocked, in part, over troubles related to Microsoft Corp.	3
Wilkinson takes over at Leicester after Adams departure Former England caretaker manager Howard Wilkinson has taken temporary charge of coaching English second division Leicester City after the resignation of Micky Adams.	1
Leaders overlook Palestinian sentiment American policymakers and statesmen believe the Middle East is better off without Yasser Arafat. Madeline Albright said Arafat  quot;was viewed as an obstacle to peace, both by the Israelis and 	0
Molson and Coors Agree to Special Dividend The move is seen as an effort to appease Molson's investors, who have criticized the planned merger with Coors because it did not include a takeover premium for their shares.	2
Bombardier chief to leave company Shares in train and plane-making giant Bombardier have fallen to a 10-year low following the departure of its chief executive and two members of the board.	2
Sun stands between Liberty and finals NEW YORK - The New York Liberty needed a last-second shot in the decisive game of their first-round series against Detroit to earn a trip to the Eastern Conference final, and will try to advance to the WNBA Finals for an unprecedented fifth time.	1
U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq Pass 1,000 BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. warplanes hammered suspected militant strongholds in Fallujah on Wednesday after a suicide bombing there and a series of attacks in Baghdad pushed the number of U.S...	0
Economy Improves, but Not Optimism One week before the elections, the national economy remains stuck in a fragile and sluggish recovery.	2
House Toughens Spyware Penalties For the second time in three days, the US House of Representatives has passed an anti-spyware bill, this time adding criminal penalties to tough civil provisions of legislation passed on Tuesday.	3
Nelson looks to  quot;sting quot; field in Constellation Energy Classic Even a bee sting couldn #39;t spoil Larry Nelson #39;s success at the Constellation Energy Classic. Nelson returns to the site of his famous bee sting Friday when the 	1
Have your say - Microsoft v Google Times Online tried Microsoft #39;s new search engine, and it broke. Here #39;s a selection of reader experiences with the new service.	3
Homicide rate fell to lowest level in more than 30 years last year: StatsCan (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - OTTAWA (CP) - The national homicide rate dropped to its lowest level in more than 30 years last year, says Statistics Canada.	0
Search Engine Forums Spotlight Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Link Building With Affiliate Programs -- Does it Work? - Yahoo Launches Personal Search - Google To Snap? - Moving to a New Host - Any Issues With SEO? - Extending Your Search Marketing Campaign to Europe - New Overture Features - Raid of the Googlebots	3
Paralympics a TV success story in Europe and Asia, but not in US (AFP) AFP - More and more broadcasters across the world, especially in Europe and Asia, are putting the Paralympics into the spotlight, but the major sporting tournament for people with disabilities remains off screen in the world's biggest television market -- the United States.	0
Kidd passes on night practices Jason Kidd is refusing to attend night sessions during the New Jersey Nets' two-a-day practices at training camp, and he doesn't care if the team fines him for it.	1
India need not worry over oil price rise for now: ADB ALTHOUGH the Asian Development Bank projected a slow-down of India #39;s economic growth to 6.5 per cent in fiscal 2004 and six per cent in 2005, due to current high oil prices among other factors, an ADB official told Business Line that the issues relating 	2
Yankees Will Start El Duque in Game 4  BOSTON (Sports Network) - The New York Yankees will start  Orlando "El Duque" Hernandez in Game 4 of the American League  Championship Series on Saturday against the Boston Red Sox.	1
Sneaky Sharing Despite well-publicized wins by piracy foes, illegal digital music and movie trading continues to flourish in underground havens.	3
NFL Moves Game to Sat. The Miami Dolphins will play their NFL regular-season opener at home against the Tennessee Titans on Saturday instead of Sunday because of the threat of Hurricane Ivan.	1
Zimbabwe hearing on alleged racism scrapped The International Cricket Council (ICC) hearing on alleged racism in Zimbabwean cricket was scrapped in Harare on Thursday after the Zimbabwe Cricket Union (ZCU) and the players who accuse its officials of racist behaviour 	1
China Puts Flood Toll at 1,029 as Wet Season Ends  BEIJING (Reuters) - Floods in China killed more than 1,000  people this year, destroyed 650,000 village homes and caused  64.7 billion yuan (\$7.82 billion) in direct economic losses,  the official Xinhua News agency said.	0
US labour productivity grows at 1.9 per cent pace in third quarter The productivity of America #39;s workers grew at a 1.9 per cent annual rate in the third quarter, the smallest gain since late 2002, the government reported Thursday.	2
US Struggles to Develop Auto Safety Analysis System US regulators have yet to complete an advanced system for fully analyzing crash data to identify defects four years after the deadly Firestone tire debacle prompted an overhaul of federal auto safety oversight, a government watchdog 	3
U.S. Unit Commander in Iraq Moved from Post  BAGHDAD (Reuters) - The commander of a U.S. army company  that refused orders to deliver fuel along a dangerous route in  Iraq was relieved of her duties at her own request on Thursday,  the U.S. military said.	0
UK retail sales rebound in Aug; up 0.6 pct from July to beat &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; According to official data from National Statistics, retail sales rose 0.6 pct in August from July for a 6.5 pct annual increase. The figures were well above expectations of a 0.2 pct decline and a 5.8 pct gain respectively.	2
Symantec and Veritas to Merge Symantec (SYMC:Nasdaq - news - research) Thursday said it will acquire rival software company Veritas Software (VRTS:Nasdaq - news - research)in an all-stock deal.	2
Online Resources To Buy N.J. Firm (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Online Resources Corp., a McLean Internet banking and bill payment company, agreed to buy Incurrent Solutions Inc. of Parsippany, N.J., for  #36;15 million in cash and stock.	3
Wilkinson to lead LONDON: Flyhalf Jonny Wilkinson, who kicked the winning drop goal in last November #39;s World Cup final against Australia, was named yesterday as England captain.	1
El Duque Unbeaten As Yanks Down Orioles (AP) AP - Unbeaten Orlando Hernandez pitched seven innings of five-hit ball to win his eighth straight decision, and the New York Yankees beat Sidney Ponson and the Baltimore Orioles 5-2 Saturday.	1
Microsoft offers Office 2004 Service Pack 1 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Microsoft Corp.'s Mac Business Unit (MacBU) on Tuesday announced the availability of Office 2004 for Mac Service Pack 1, an update for the latest Macintosh release of the company's popular productivity application software suite. The service pack "addresses potential security issues and bugs that user feedback played an important role in identifying," according to Microsoft. What's more, the new version features support for Microsoft Error Reporting Protocol (MERP), which allows customers to send bug reports to Microsoft anonymously.	3
Fresh row threatens top EU body A fresh row is threatening to mar the first day in office of the new European Commission on Monday. France #39;s commissioner Jacques Barrot is under fire for failing to disclose a previous conviction for embezzlement.	0
Stocks close mixed... The Dow Jones industrial average fell 24 to ten-thousand-289. But gainers on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered losers by a better than three-to-two margin.	2
WPP Says It Will Pay \$1.52 Billion for Grey Global (Update4) WPP Group Plc, the world #39;s second- largest marketing and advertising company, said it will pay about \$1.52 billion for Grey Global Group Inc.	2
HP sinks utility project, lays off some workers Hewlett-Packard is getting rid of one of its high-profile utility computing projects, although much of the technology will live on in other initiatives.	3
EP Leaders Deliver Opinion: Let Negotiations Begin Without Delay The European Parliament (EP) has advised European Union (EU) leaders, who meet today at the EU summit, to begin full membership negotiations with Turkey immediately.	0
N.Korea Likely to Resume Talks After US Vote -Seoul North Korea is likely to return to six-party talks on its nuclear programs now that the US presidential election is over, Yonhap news agency quoted South Korean Foreign Minister Ban Ki-moon as saying on Thursday.	0
FANS WANT MORE PLASTIC - LEISHMAN He has urged UEFA to give the go-ahead for major competition matches to be played on artificial surfaces. The European governing body #39;s executive committee convenes for its latest gathering in Vienna on Wednesday.	1
Chiefs' Holmes on Track for 32 Touchdowns (AP) AP - One year after scoring an NFL-record 27 touchdowns, Priest Holmes sometimes has trouble getting out of bed the morning after a game.	1
Russia Crushes Thailand 3-0 to Stay in World Group  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Marat Safin and Mikhail Youzhny trounced  twins Sanchai and Sonchat Ratiwatana 6-2, 6-1, 6-4 in the  doubles to give Russia an insurmountable 3-0 lead over Thailand  in their Davis Cup World Group playoff tie on Saturday.	1
ASU wins a wild one against UCLA TEMPE, Ariz. - Andrew Walter threw for 415 yards and six touchdown passes, two in a wild fourth-quarter rally, to lead No. 21 Arizona State to a 48-42 victory over UCLA on Saturday.	1
Haiti struggles for flood relief Floodwaters in Haiti are starting to recede as aid agencies struggle to bring relief to thousands of people in the wake of tropical storm Jeanne.	0
Scott Peterson Convicted of Murdering Wife Scott Peterson was found guilty of murder today by a California jury for killing his wife, Laci Peterson, and the couples unborn child.	0
Firefox Flames Internet Explorer Anyone who thought the browser wars were over when Microsoft overpowered Netscape in the 1990s should think again. After all, it's Firefox time.  &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
Revenue Canada workers set to begin hitting picket lines Wednesday (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - (CP) - More than 20,000 Revenue Canada employees were poised to begin rotating strikes Wednesday after wage talks with the government collapsed.	0
Accounting inquiry raises questions but now it may need a complete remodeling. Formally known as the Federal National Mortgage Association, the federally chartered company 	2
Agency 'slow tackling jam misery' Motorists suffer daily traffic jams because the Highways Agency has been slow in tackling the problem, a report says.	0
Blair to Address Roots of Africa Problems (AP) AP - British Prime Minister Tony Blair on Thursday warned that poverty and instability in Africa is providing a fertile breeding ground for terror and criminal organizations.	0
Terry gives Papi first shot The Red Sox have made an astounding eight errors in the first two games of the World Series, so naturally, they plan to downgrade their defense for Game 3 tonight.	1
Fossil found in China may go back 230 million years WASHINGTON - A newly discovered fossil may be the remains of one of the first stealth hunters, a swimming dinosaur that could use its long neck to sneak up on prey and strike without warning.	3
Chirac unity call in hostage row The French President has called for national unity for the sake of two French hostages in Iraq, as a row broke out over a failed attempt to free them.	0
Turkey urged to recognise Cyprus The European commission president, Jose Manuel Barroso, today urged Ankara to  quot;go the extra mile quot; - including the recognition of Cyprus - to convince sceptics Turkey is ready to become a candidate for EU membership.	0
Bettis #39; TD pass sparks Pittsburgh Running back Jerome Bettis flipped a 10-yard touchdown pass to Jerame Tuman three plays after surpassing the 13,000-yard barrier early in the fourth quarter, fooling what had been a nearly impenetrable New York Jets defense and sending the Pittsburgh 	1
Parents should censor games - expert Otago University computer science lecturer and games expert Simon McCallum is urging parents to pay more attention to the ratings classifications on computer games, many of which, he says, are aimed at adults.	3
EU decision on Abbey expected next week The European Commission is not expected to make any decision on Santander Central Hispano #39;s bid for Abbey National until the end of next week.	2
US consumer prices dip 0.1 in July; industrial output and home starts rise WASHINGTON (AP) - US consumer prices eased down by 0.1 per cent in July as gasoline prices dropped, while factory output rose and home construction rebounded, offering hope the economy has escaped its early-summer  quot;soft patch. quot; ...	2
ISPs again go after spammers For the second time this year, an alliance of major Internet providers - including Atlanta-based EarthLink -iled a coordinated group of lawsuits aimed at stemming the flood of online junk mail.	3
Abducted CNN Producer Released in Gaza GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip Sept. 28, 2004 - An Israeli Arab who works as a producer for the TV network CNN was released Tuesday, a day after he was kidnapped at gunpoint, relatives and Palestinian police said.	0
High oil prices may slow US economy, won't cause recession: experts (AFP) AFP - The surge in crude-oil prices to 50 dollars a barrel is likely to hold back the US economy but probably not cause a recession, analysts say.	2
Report Recommends Bounty for Spammers By JENNIFER C. KERR    WASHINGTON (AP) -- What would it take to get someone to turn in one of those spammers who send millions of unwanted e-mails? At least \$100,000, the Federal Trade Commission figures...	3
Cloud of doubt cast over Halkia #39;s feel-good win Wednesday night in the Olympic Stadium, a 25-year-old Greek woman named Fani Halkia won the gold medal in the 400-meter hurdles as more than 60,000 fans, many of them flag-waving countrymen, went wild.	1
Iraqi abductors release Bangladeshi truck driver: World News: Dhaka, Dec. 10 : Iraqi kidnappers have released a Bangladeshi truck driver after holding him hostage for more than a month, a foreign ministry official said on Friday.	0
Sony Launches Vaio with 1 Terabyte Hard Drive two dedicated for PC applications and two for program recording. In extended-play mode, the Vaio PC can store 19 	3
Productivity Growth Falls to 18-Month Low Workers' productivity increased at an annual rate of 2.5 percent in the spring, the smallest gain since late 2002, reflecting the economy's slowdown.	2
Barghouti Sets Conditions for Withdrawing from the Election Race (IsraelNN.com) Imprisoned arch terrorist Marwan Barghouti has reportedly set conditions for complying with Fatah leadership demands that he withdraw from the PA leadership race.	0
Microsoft launches desktop search tool US software company Microsoft has launched a beta version of its MSN Toolbar Suite, with desktop search functionality that can help users find documents, media files or e-mail messages on their PCs.	3
Dollar Up Off Record Low, Stocks Flat (Reuters) Reuters - The dollar rallied from another record\low versus the euro on Monday after blunt comments from the\head of Europe's central bank, while stocks and bonds came\under pressure from an expected rise in U.S. interest rates\later this week.	2
Pilot of NASCAR plane brother of Vermont House leader BURLINGTON, Vt. One of the pilots of the plane owned by Hendrik Motorsports NASCAR team that crashed yesterday in Virginia was the brother of Vermont state Representative John Tracy.	1
Cairn to oppose cess on output Cairn Energy Plc, which plans to produce 80,000-1,00,000 barrel of crude oil per day from its Mangala and Aishwariya fields in Rajasthan, is disputing a tax that has been imposed on production.	2
Equatorial Guinea Delays Coup Trial A court in Equatorial Guinea indefinitely suspended the trial on Tuesday in an alleged coup plot, to await information on the possible roles of Mark 	0
U.S. to Rejoin Coffee Trade Regulators (AP) AP - The United States plans to rejoin the international body that regulates the global coffee trade. Assistant Secretary of State Anthony Wayne will make the formal announcement Wednesday, the State Department said in a statement.	0
Sun Services CTO talks up Next Generation Data Center Hal Stern holds the titles at Sun Microsystems of vice president, Distinguished Engineer, and CTO for Sun Services. He also has co-authored technical books on networking and high-availability techniques and, prior to joining Sun, developed molecular modeling software. InfoWorld Editor at Large Paul Krill met with Stern to discuss Suns Next Generation Data Center concept and to talk about subjects such as security, utility computing, and how the company stacks up its services efforts against IBM Global Services.	3
Report: Iraq contractor snatched Iraqi police said Wednesday a Lebanese American contractor was kidnapped overnight from his Baghdad home, according to The Associated Press.	0
Execs  amp; Accounts for November 19, 2004 In a cred boost for satellite radio, former Viacom Chief Mel Karmazin signed on as chief executive of Sirius Satellite Radio. Viacom #39;s former CEO has also served as head of CBS Corporation and Infinity Broadcasting.	2
UPDATE 4-Kmart to buy Sears in \$11.5 billion deal Discount retailer Kmart Holding Corp. (KMRT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) will buy department store operator Sears, Roebuck  amp; Co.	2
Oil goes below \$46 Crude prices drop further on anticipation that supplies will continue to build as winter approaches. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Oil prices slumped again Monday, falling below \$46 a barrel, on anticipation that 	2
Dollar Down Vs Yen The dollar fell to a seven-month low against the yen and was within sight of a record low versus the euro on Monday due in part to market views that Washington is happy to see it weaken.	2
Time Warner pays \$510m to settle fraud probe Time Warner said yesterday that it had agreed to pay the US government \$510 million (R3 billion) to resolve criminal and civil charges that its America 	2
Mitchell Switches Loyalties to Oklahoma (AP) AP - If not for a technicality, Oklahoma linebacker Lance Mitchell might've been lining up against the Sooners in the Orange Bowl instead of for them.	1
Cingular clears hurdle for AT T Wireless acquisition WASHINGTON - Cingular Wireless LLC will divest itself of wireless customers and other assets in 13 U.S. markets as a requirement for its \$41 billion acquisition of AT T Wireless Services Inc., according to an consent decree announced Monday by the company and the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ).	3
No. 13 Michigan State Nudges Utah 56-54 (AP) AP - Kristin Haynie made a coast-to-coast layup with 2 seconds left to give No. 13 Michigan State a 56-54 victory over Utah in the first round of the Rainbow Wahine Classic on Friday.	1
Google IPO Auction Off to Rocky Start  WASHINGTON/NEW YORK (Reuters) - The auction for Google  Inc.'s highly anticipated initial public offering got off to a  rocky start on Friday after the Web search company sidestepped  a bullet from U.S. securities regulators.	2
TCU, Louisville Try to Leave C-USA Champs (AP) AP - TCU helped change the Bowl Championship Series, even though its season ended at home. The Horned Frogs won their first 10 games last season, and reached sixth in the BCS standings, the highest ranking for a team not in one of the BCS conferences. A loss at Southern Miss ended TCU's bid of becoming the first BCS outsider to break into a big-money bowl game. That also cost the Frogs the Conference USA title and sent them to the inaugural Fort Worth Bowl.	1
Seeing is believing with Red Sox Boston pitcher Pedro Martinez holds up the championship trophy after the Red Sox defeated the St. Louis Cardinals 3-0 in Game 4 to win the World Series on Wednesday in St.	1
Jakarta Embassy Bomb Attack Kills Nine, Wounds 182  JAKARTA (Reuters) - A powerful car bomb exploded outside  the Australian embassy in Jakarta on Thursday, killing at least  nine people and wounding 182 in an attack Indonesian police  blamed on Islamic militants linked to al Qaeda.	0
CIA funds chatroom surveillance The CIA is quietly funding federal research into surveillance of Internet chatrooms as part of an effort to identify possible terrorists, newly released documents reveal.	3
A Sense of Security An Independent News writer tells of his switch from Windows to a 15-inch PowerBook,:  #147;Two months in, I have a prevailing sense of security and safety. There #146;s been not a sniff of system meltdown. The software and security updates are easy, convenient and (via broadband) fast. The sense of considerable computing power and massive processing going on is very evident, but it feels secure behind the OS X firewall and a router; and all with no need for antivirus software. #148; Aug 20	3
A Cautious Reformer as Indonesia's Next President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is considered a steady, broadly educated man who supports the secular tradition of Indonesia.	0
US clocks a third quarter growth of 3.9 The US economy grew by 3.9 per cent in the third quarter of this year, a US government press release stated. On another quarter of robust growth, the US treasury secretary, John Snow, said, Americas Gross 	2
No 10 told of Putin #39;s authoritarian trend The government faces a warning today from Robin Cook and a liberal-oriented foundation that it must work harder to reverse the increasingly authoritarian tendencies of Vladimir Putin.	0
Nets Waive Damone Brown, Darius Rice (AP) AP - Free agent forwards Damone Brown and Darius Rice were waived by the New Jersey Nets on Wednesday.	1
Changes Sway Netherlands Slaying Suspect (AP) AP - Two years before he allegedly killed a Dutch filmmaker in the name of radical Islam, Mohammed Bouyeri volunteered at his local community center and was a promising member of the second generation of Moroccan immigrants to the Netherlands.	0
Report: Stottlemyre not returning to NY NEW YORK (Ticker) - It appears Joe Torre will not have Mel Stottlemyre at his side in 2005. The New York Times is reporting that Stottlemyre, who has served as the pitching coach of the New York Yankees under Torre since 1996, has decided not to return.	1
Cubans suggest dissident should leave One of five Cuban dissidents who have been released from prison this week has been told he should consider leaving the country. The Miami Herald reported Wednesday that writer Raul 	0
Report: Other Drugs May Raise Heart Risks The safety of Celebrex and other pain relievers was questioned Wednesday as scientists in the United States and regulatory agencies in Europe said they feared such drugs might raise the same risk of heart problems as those blamed on the arthritis medicine Vioxx.    One key researcher charged the U.S...	0
Rivers Has No Regrets In Return to Orlando Doc Rivers plays the part an unfortunate victim in The Grant Hill Story. But it #39;s still a good story, according to the former Magic coach.	1
Taiwan sparks Japan-China row China warns Japan its granting of a sight-seeing visa to former Taiwan president Lee Teng-hui will harm ties.	0
Japan #39;s Nikkei 225, Topix Set for Biggest Drops in Six Months Japanese stocks dropped, with benchmarks poised for their biggest slides in six months. Exporters such as Toyota Motor Corp. led decline after the dollar plunged to its lowest against 	2
Garcia Remon receives Perez #39;s vote of confidence Real Madrid president Florentino Perez said new coach Mariano Garcia Remon will be allowed time to make his presence felt and was under no pressure to obtain instant success.	1
Young unties it for Knotts; Tigers win The Tigers didn #39;t tear the cover off the ball Monday night. But compared to their previous two games -- both shutouts -- it was an offensive explosion.	1
Lions roaring: Rookie Williams gives Detroit big lift Despite their 28-16 victory over the Houston Texans yesterday before 61,465 at Ford Field, that remains to be seen. But one thing looks evident early on - rookie wideout Roy Williams, the Lions #39; top draft 	1
Sao Caetano Defender in Critical Condition Sao Caetano defender Serginho was taken to a hospital unconscious and in critical condition after collapsing during a Brazilian championship match Wednesday.	0
Businesses keep Q3 PC growth on track PC shipments have started to ease off, as expected, but the worldwide PC market remained fairly strong in the third quarter, according to research from IDC and Gartner Inc. released Monday.	3
Germany #39;s DAX Index Gains, Led by Bayer; Infineon and SAP Rise German stocks advanced, led by Bayer AG, after the company said it formed a marketing partnership with a US competitor. The benchmark DAX Index rose 30.	2
Jets 22, 49ers 14 Chad Pennington led the New York Jets on a second-half comeback. Rookie Jonathan Vilma sealed it. The Jets overcame a 14-3 halftime deficit and Vilma intercepted Tim Rattay #39;s poorly thrown pass with 1:44 to 	1
LiveWire: Advertisers Play with Web Films  NEW YORK (Reuters) - When the manager of a coin-operated  laundry seduces a mother and daughter and convinces them to  skip town, there's bound to be trouble, or perhaps a movie  plot.	3
Expos Will Always Remember Blue Monday (AP) AP - The Montreal Expos will always remember Blue Monday. One win from the World Series, the Expos were tied with the Los Angeles Dodgers in the ninth inning. Ace pitcher Steve Rogers was on the mound. Olympic Stadium was buzzing. And then, Rick Monday ruined it all.	1
Sudanese Villagers Attacked in Darfur Haggard survivors of fighting in southern Darfur, thorns stuck to their bloody feet, straggled into this refugee community before dawn Wednesday and told harrowing 	0
Siemens wins major BBC contract The German engineering giant Siemens acquires the  BBC's IT unit and lands a 2.7bn euros outsourcing contract with the corporation.	2
Old Firm pair hit with suspensions Celtic #39;s Henri Camara and Nacho Novo of Rangers have been suspended for offences missed by the referee in last month #39;s explosive Old Firm match.	1
Customer Service: The Hunt for a Human In the Internet age, making telephone contact with a human for customer service is a daunting task. But some consumers have found ways around the blockade.	3
Indian software exports booming, industry head says Revenues should grow by 30, according to the president of the country's association of software and service firms	3
Macy #39;s name to go on all Federated stores As goes Liberty House will go Lazarus and Burdines. Federated Department Stores has decided to rebrand all of its stores as Macy #39;s stores in coming months.	2
Corporate Tax Bill Faces Opposition House and Senate negotiators hope to wrap up work on a major rewrite of corporate tax law that would end a nasty trade dispute with Europe while showering more than \$130 	2
Pesky happy to be back Only yesterday, Johnny Pesky was eating breakfast at his regular spot on the North Shore when someone else reminded him of a moment that has stayed with him for 58 years. The 85-year-old Pesky was getting ready to ride to Fenway Park, where the Red Sox held their final workout before they open the 100th World Series tonight against the ...	1
India plans major sale of oil exploration rights THE Indian government is to offer 20 oil and gas blocks for exploration to foreign and domestic firms from January. Oil minister Mani Shankar Aiyar said he was seeking bids  quot;with a view to bringing more areas 	2
Microsoft Still Hopes to Settle With EU Even though its appeal is ongoing, the software giant hopes to make a deal.	3
Justice to Announce Cyber-Crime Crackdown The Justice Department is set to announce a major crackdown on cyber-crime that will include arrests, subpoenas and property seizures of alleged e-mail spammers and online scam artists, according to law enforcement and industry sources. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
AP: Bush Will Make Air Pollution Priority (AP) AP - President Bush will make air pollution a top priority in Congress early next year, starting with "an aggressive push" to build support for his pollution-cutting plan, senior administration officials said Saturday.	0
Air Force Cadet Innocent of Steroid Charge (AP) AP - Air Force linebacker Overton Spence was found innocent of drug charges Wednesday after telling a court-martial he thought the steroids he had taken were legal.	1
Firefox heats the browser market. Mozilla #39;s Firefox is gaining ground, and fast. In the beginning of this year, Microsoft Internet Explorer was almost fully controlling the market on its own.	3
Sun invites outside involvement with Java 6 Sun puts very early versions of the source code on its Web site so Java programmers could better see and participate in its development.	3
Arms embargo on Libya should be lifted, says EU Libya took another big step towards respectability yesterday when the European Union #39;s most senior diplomats agreed that an arms embargo against Tripoli should be lifted.	0
Wales 36-38 South Africa SOUTH AFRICA escaped from the Millennium Stadium with their grand slam tour dream intact after being given an almighty scare by Mike Ruddocks new-look Wales.	1
Owners Lock Out Players Over Contract Dispute National Hockey League owners carried out their threat to lock out players on Wednesday, shutting down the league after the two sides were unable to reach a new labor deal.	1
Walking away THE GAZETTE. ATHENS, Greece - Moments after wrestler Rulon Gardner won an Olympic bronze medal Wednesday, beating an opponent 4 inches taller and 10 years younger, he had another task to perform.	1
European Shares Tread Water  LONDON (Reuters) - European shares traded sideways on  Wednesday but banks were a bright spot as Britain's HBOS  rallied on relief it would not be wading into a bidding war for  domestic peer Abbey.	2
Citigroup Tumbles as Merrill Cuts Rating on Japan (Update2) Citigroup Inc. shares had their biggest one-day drop in 18 months after Merrill Lynch  amp; Co. cut its rating on the stock because Japanese regulators shut the bank #39;s Tokyo-based private banking unit.	2
Just Keep Clicking From digital video cameras on the sidelines to Sony PlayStation 2s in the locker room, technology is changing the way coaches and players prepare for games.	3
Google Desktop Outshines Windows Search engine's free program fixes a glaring weakness in Windows: its woeful file-searching capabilities.&lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
Mass. colleges awarded grant for nanotech The state's bid for leadership in the emerging field of nanotechnology got a boost yesterday when the National Science Foundation awarded a \$12.4 million five-year grant to a consortium, led by Northeastern University, to create an engineering center to develop tools and processes for building nanoscale devices.	2
GOP Convention a Stage for George Pataki (AP) AP - When George Pataki welcomes thousands of Republican stalwarts to their national convention in New York City, more than a few will be sizing up the three-term New York governor as a national party leader.	0
Jay-Z to Head Def Jam Recordings Label Rap star Jay-Z, who has little corporate experience, will become the chief executive for one of Universal's biggest divisions.	2
MPAA Revives P-to-P Lawsuit Group is asking the Supreme Court to overturn decision in favor of file-swapping networks. Representatives for the music and movie industries have filed a petition asking the US Supreme Court to overturn an 	3
Japan says mystery sub was Chinese Japan is to formally protest to China after saying a submarine found in its waters on Wednesday was Chinese.	0
Weaver wild as Cards deck LA Jeff Weaver supposedly was a changed man since leaving the Bronx, but New Yorkers surely recognized who was on the mound for the Dodgers last night: good ol #39; Mr.	1
British government to redeploy troops to central Iraq The British government says it #39;ll honor the US request to send a battalion of troops to central Iraq. British Defense Secretary Geoff Hoon says there #39;s  quot;a compelling military operational justification quot; for the redeployment.	0
Virus alert: Spies prize webcams #39; eyes A new worm has been discovered in the wild that #39;s not just settling for invading users #39; PCs--it wants to invade their homes, too.	3
It #39;s splitsville for Clijsters and Hewitt Brussels, Belgium (Sports Network) - Tennis stars Kim Clijsters and Lleyton Hewitt have ended their relationship, according to Clijsters #39; web site.	1
Dell Recalls Millions of Potentially Faulty Notebook Adapters Dell has announced a massive recall of notebook computer power adapters, saying the components -- made by a company whose products caused a similar recall last month by IBM -- could overheat and spark fires or electrical shock.	3
Aerospace subsidy stand-off goes on EUROPEAN Union trade commissioner Peter Mandelson and Robert Zoellick, his US counterpart, failed to make headway on a trans-Atlantic stand-off over subsidies for Airbus and Boeing at a meeting yesterday, saying the dispute remains headed for World Trade 	2
Lazard files for \$850M IPO Lazard Ltd., the international investment bank, late Friday, Dec. 17, filed an initial prospectus with the Securities and Exchange Commission for an \$850 million IPO.	2
Dodgers take NL West with win over Giants The Dodgers have spent many recent Octobers watching postseason baseball on television. Steve Finley #39;s grand slam capped a seven-run rally in the bottom of 	1
Owners give OK to move The Montreal Expos appear to be near the end of a long road, mere inches from finally becoming the Washington Nationals. And Mayor Anthony Williams believes the District of Columbia is making similar progress 	1
Cassini makes closest Titan flyby today The Cassini spacecraft will swoop near Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan today, revealing features on the surface in the best detail yet.	3
Rightist Party Threatens to Bolt Israeli Gov't  JERUSALEM (Reuters) - A rightist religious party voted on  Monday to quit Israel's ruling coalition if parliament approves  a withdrawal from Gaza or a bill to compensate settlers whom  Prime Minister Ariel Sharon intends to evacuate.	0
Treason trial resumes in Equatorial Guinea MALABO : The trial of 19 people accused of seeking to overthrow President Teodoro Obiang Nguema of Equatorial Guinea was scheduled to resume after five days of hearings last week left the world little the wiser about the reality of their alleged putsch 	0
Sony Banking on MGM Deal to Boost Profits TOKYO - Sony Corp. is banking on the \$3 billion deal to acquire Hollywood studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc...	0
NEC Four-Way Server Supports High-Availability Apps NEC Solutions America #39;s new four-processor Express5800/340Hb is designed for data-center applications, server consolidation, and server virtualization.	3
Felix, Two Other US Women Advance in 200 ATHENS, Greece Aug. 23, 2004 - Allyson Felix led three American women into the second round of the 200 meters on Monday, posting the fastest time of 22.	1
Japan Stocks Slip by Midday  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average inched down by  midsession on Tuesday as investors took a breather from recent  speedy gains that were helped by a better result than expected  in the Bank of Japan's "tankan" survey.	2
Video Claims Threat to Japanese Hostage's Life Video posted Tuesday on a militant Islamic Web site showed what it claimed was a Japanese captive kidnapped by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi's group and threatened to behead him within 48 hours unless Japan pulls its troops from Iraq.	0
China to Impose Tariffs on Some Textiles (Reuters) Reuters - China will impose tariffs on some\textile exports in a move that may ease frictions with the\United States and others over an expected flood of Chinese\products on world markets after a global quota system expires\at year's end.	2
Yahoo Adds Tool to Search Hard Drives SAN FRANCISCO Dec 10, 2004 - Yahoo Inc. is adding a tool to search computer hard drives as it scrambles to catch up with Google Inc.	3
After 50 rounds, still no clear champ By the time Andrew Golota and John Ruiz fought, it was Sunday morning and some in the crowd at Madison Square Garden had so much to drink that they were fighting among themselves.	1
Up to 31 dead in Indonesia jet crash Up to 31 people have been killed and many more injured after a jet carrying 153 passengers and crew crashed on landing in heavy rain in Indonesia #39;s central Java.	0
Clijsters and Hewitt break up, cancel wedding plans BRUSSELS, Belgium -- Former top-ranked tennis players Kim Clijsters and Lleyton Hewitt broke up and abandoned their wedding plans less than four months ahead of their planned marriage.	1
Forth Road Bridge corrosion found A few broken steel wires and varying levels of corrosion have been found in the Forth Road Bridge #39;s support cables. The discovery was made during the first full-scale cable inspection in the bridge #39;s 40-year history.	3
Microsoft CEO: Merger Strategy Unchanged  LISBON (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; is still  targeting smaller companies for acquisitions, despite  speculation that now-scuttled merger talks with business  software giant SAP AG &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SAPG.DE qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SAPG.DE&lt;/A&gt; signaled a shift in strategy,  Chief Executive Steve Ballmer said on Tuesday.	3
EU Takes Over Bosnia Peacekeeping from NATO The European Union has formally taken over peacekeeping duties in Bosnia-Herzegovina from NATO. EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and NATO head Jaap de Hoop 	0
Sudanese sign pledge to end long civil war NAIROBI Sudan #39;s government and insurgents in the south signed a pledge Friday to end Africa #39;s longest running civil war by Dec. 31.	0
Saturn #39;s Moon Titan May Hold Methane Lake Cassini has photographed icy volcanic flows and a large lake of what could be methane on Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan. The observations suggest Titan is geologically active and, and its environment 	3
Vince returns to SC court Monday Carter scored 20 points to lead six players in double figures as the Toronto Raptors posted a 100-92 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers in the preseason finale for both teams.	1
Gov #39;t Set to Make Oil Loans to Refiners With oil near \$50 a barrel, the Bush administration said on Thursday it will negotiate with refineries that want to borrow oil from the federal emergency stockpile to offset supplies disrupted by Hurricane Ivan.	2
De La Hoya firm adds some punch LAS VEGAS -- Bernard Hopkins and Oscar De La Hoya announced a unique partnership yesterday, joining forces to create a nationwide promotional company boasting each other as the top attraction.	1
Justice Department Cracks Down On SHaring The FBI seized computers and software as part of an investigation into illegal sharing of copyrighted materials over peer-to-peer networks, Attorney General John Ashcroft announced.	3
Dalmiya blames Zee and ESS Jagmohan Dalmiya, the president of the Indian cricket board, has blamed Zee Telefilms and ESPN-Star Sports, the opposing parties in the telecast-rights issue, for putting the Australian series in jeopardy.	1
Colo. Senate Candidates Clash Over Terror (AP) AP - The candidates for Colorado's tightly contested open Senate seat  #151; beer heir Peter Coors and state Attorney General Ken Salazar  #151; clashed Sunday over whether Osama bin Laden deserves the death penalty and the legal age for drinking.	0
Marbury #39;s groove puts Americans on track ATHENS, Greece -- It took one innocent 30-second comment from Stephon Marbury to sum up the American basketball problem and show how easy it would be to fix it.	1
Is Verizon's Call Waiting? Wireless revenues make up for lackluster landlines, but the industry at large is still on hold.	2
Got Anti-Nuke Pills? Probably Not Potassium iodide pills could ward off cancer in the event of a nuclear accident, but many states have refused to take freebies from the feds. By Randy Dotinga.	3
Apple Expo 2004 Paris It was standing room only at Le Palais des Congr #232;s in Paris as Phil Schiller kicked off Apple Expo 2004 with a rousing keynote introducing the iMac G5. Read a report and view a photo gallery. Aug 31	3
Hodgson homes in on number 10 Charlie Hodgson hopes to give England coach Andy Robinson a selection headache when World Cup hero Jonny Wilkinson returns to fitness.	1
Group finds 85 hazardous toys The New York Public Interest Research Group (NYPIRG) has published its annual list of toys that it claims can harm or kill children, particularly those with small parts.	2
How good is UK.gov at its &lt;em&gt;own&lt;/em&gt; security agenda? &lt;strong&gt;Comment&lt;/strong&gt; Joined-up thinker wanted	3
PeopleSoft executive Gupta departs A PeopleSoft executive who oversaw the company #39;s products and its integration with JD Edwards departed from the company this week, a company representative confirmed Friday.	3
AMD-Spansion shoves Intel into 2nd place ACCORDING TO MARKET watchers, iSuppli, in Q1-Q2 2004 Spansion (AMD/Fujitsu) remained Number One mobile phone flash memory supplier, a position it first stole from Intel in 2003.	3
New Study Challenges Online Buying Methods (AdWeek.com) AdWeek.com - With 75 percent of Americans online today, the Internet has come of age as a reach medium, and a new report suggests that advertisers need to understand how a Web site's audience builds over time and adjust their buys accordingly.	3
Columnists: Security, 1994-2004: Then And Now Comparing the state of security in 1994 versus 2004, has anything really changed over the course of ten years?	3
Grant to aid Lynn Central Square Central Square in Lynn should be looking a bit brighter. New sidewalks, curbs, fences, lights, landscaping, and road improvements are planned for the Gateway Artisan Block, a key area of the square, with \$830,000 in state grant money given to Lynn last week.	2
Rafter dies in Grand Canyon National Park GRAND CANYON NATIONAL PARK, Ariz. - A 62-year-old man from Phoenix died after his boat overturned on the Colorado River, a Grand Canyon spokeswoman said Wednesday.	3
Russians eyed in abductions ARGUN, Russia -- Just before sunrise one morning this month, a dozen armed men in camouflage uniforms and black masks burst into the house of Zalpa Mintayeva, shouting, ''Do you have a man at home? quot;	0
The match that always bears a grudge In sport few teams attract universal love, and in rugby the tribal thing runs deep. Gloucester fans will never welcome Harlequins into their Shed, Bath #39;s followers haven #39;ta good word to say about Gloucester 	1
The Bush-Kerry Tax Duel It may be of great interest to voters whether Sen. John F. Kerry was or was not a war hero. That certainly seems to be the issue of the day.	2
Chen sparkles, but O #39;s drop 9th in a row, 3-0 It #39;s hard to say which was a more unlikely sight for the Orioles last night: journeyman starter Bruce Chen tossing seven shutout innings, or ace reliever BJ Ryan giving up a walk-off home run.	1
Russia #39;s Putin to Rebuild Old Bridges with India Russian President Vladimir Putin visits former Cold War ally India this week, hoping to retain a dominant share of India #39;s military hardware market and boost cooperation in oil and civilian nuclear energy.	0
Australia to boost security measures at overseas missions (AFP) AFP - Australia will spend 591 million dollars (460 million US) boosting security at its overseas missions in the aftermath of the Jakarta embassy bombing in September, the government said.	0
Australia #39;s Colorado Sees FY Net Up In Excess Of 30 SYDNEY (Dow Jones)--Colorado Group Ltd. (CDO.AU), an Australian footwear and clothing retailer, said Monday it expects net profit for the fiscal year ending Jan. 29 to be over 30 higher than that of a year earlier.	2
Right turn Slovenia has overwhelmingly voted to oust the countrys Liberal Democrat government in favour of the centre-right at the weekends general election.	0
Congressional act shortens check  #39;float time #39; Congress recently passed the  quot;Checks for the 21st Century Act quot; - also known as  quot;Check 21 quot; - and it goes into effect today.	2
Times of London Shrinks to Tabloid Format Only After 216 years as a broadsheet newspaper, The Times will become a tabloid-only publication starting on Monday. The move follows a decision 11 months ago to publish the British national 	1
Jason Kendall (left) has made the All-Star team three times. (Pat &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; PITTSBURGH -- According to published reports, the Pirates and A #39;s are close to completing a deal which would send catcher Jason Kendall to Oakland for left-handed pitchers Mark Redman and Arthur Rhodes.	1
Adobe aims at workgroups with Acrobat 7 Adobe Systems Inc. by the end of the year will release Version 7.0 of its Acrobat products, including a new free Acrobat Reader that now includes reviewing capabilities, the company plans to announce Monday.	3
WAKE FOREST 97, GEORGE WASHINGTON 76: Wake Forest moves on Defense -- a foreign concept to Wake Forest last season -- was the key in the Deacons #39; raucous, season-opening 97-76 men #39;s basketball victory Monday against George Washington at Joel Coliseum.	1
Nokia #39;s New CDMA 6235 Series Nokia 6235 It appears that the CDMA markets of the world have finally caught the full attention of Finnish giant Nokia. Today in Hong Kong, Nokia introduced two new 6000 series business oriented handsets that work on CDMA networks: the 6235 and 6235i.	3
Oracle extends tender offer for PeopleSoft; price unchanged NEW YORK, October 8 (newratings.com) - Oracle Corporation (ORCL.NAS) has extended its \$7.7 billion tender offer for PeopleSoft (PSFT) until the midnight of October 22 this year, leaving the terms of its hostile takeover proposal unchanged at \$21 per 	2
Kashmir policeman killed, four injured in rebel aattacks (AFP) AFP - A policeman was killed and four people injured, one a civilian, in two separate ambushes by Islamic militants in Indian Kashmir, police said.	0
UPDATE 3-AT amp;T posts \$7.1 bln loss on writedown, job cuts AT amp;T Corp. (TN: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 3 US telephone company, on Thursday reported a \$7.1 billion third-quarter loss due to \$12.	2
Bremer: U.S. Paid Price for Lack of Troops WASHINGTON - The United States did not have enough troops in Iraq after ousting Saddam Hussein and "paid a big price" for it, says the former head of the U.S. occupation there...	0
Sony, Toshiba and IBM prepare to reveal Cell details The three partners involved in the development of the Cell processor, which will power the PlayStation 3 along with a number of other devices, have unveiled new details about the technology behind the chip.	3
AT T to build \$1B communications network for Treasury Dept. The U.S. Treasury Department has signed a deal worth up to \$1 billion with AT T Government Solutions and its partners for a new secure high-speed network that will connect more than 1,000 Treasury Department locations around the U.S.	3
Lungs 'best in late afternoon' \Lung function fluctuates on a 24-hour cycle, reaching a peak for most people in late afternoon, researchers find.	0
WINDIES PERFORMANCE GIVES LARA HOPE Brian Lara hopes his improving West Indies can raise their game again on the way to the semi-finals of the ICC Champions Trophy. Lara is not about to get carried away with yesterday #39;s predictable landslide 	1
Terrorism Act 2000 see British police search properties for naught (AFP) AFP - British police have raided three properties in the area of the northern city of Manchester under Britain's main anti-terrorism law.	0
Britain removed from the start line BERNIE ECCLESTONE sounded the death knell for the British Grand Prix when he turned down a last-minute offer to save the nation #39;s biggest motor race.	1
Music Mogul Davis Challenges Retailers (AP) AP - Legendary music mogul Clive Davis has some advice for music retailers looking to persuade music fans to return to traditional record shops: Make shopping more fun.	2
Chinese Olympians Sing as Beijing Lures HK Voters  HONG KONG (Reuters) - Beijing grabbed Hong Kong headlines  on Wednesday with its Olympians singing and dancing into the  hearts of residents days before legislative elections in which  pro-democracy politicians could make gains over pro-China  rivals.	0
A-Rod #39;s turn to take chops The guy who almost joined the Red Sox before the season was bowing down to the Red Sox by the end of the season. As the Yankees turned into the Devil Rays for the final four games of the American League Championship 	1
Time Warner and Comcast Discuss Bid for Adelphia Comcast said it was in talks with Time Warner to make a joint bid for Adelphia, which has been operating under bankruptcy protection.	2
Mets Decide the Time Is Right for a Cable Network of Their Own The Mets loved the idea of the Yankees #39; YES Network so much that they will start their own regional sports channel in 2006. The Mets announced yesterday that their partners will be Time 	2
Israel Urged to Limit Military Response (AP) AP - The State Department called on Israel Friday to limit its military response to a rocket attack by Hamas that killed two small Israeli children.	0
DoCoMo strategists focus on convergence (FT.com) FT.com - NTT DoCoMo, Japan's dominant mobile operator, is planning to offer combined fixed and mobile services to business and residential customers. It is the latest sign of growing global interest in convergence between the two technologies.	3
NFL FRIDAY: WEEK 9 For the second week in a row, Pittsburgh tries to knock off an undefeated team. With ex-Eagle Duce Staley, the Steelers should be able to run the ball against a Philadelphia defense that struggles stopping the run.	1
Nokia to license SD memory cards Nokia has signed a licensing deal to allow it to use SD memory cards in future devices, and has applied for membership of the SD Card Association.	3
Australian FM to visit North Korea for talks on nuclear crisis (AFP) AFP - Australia's foreign minister will pay a rare visit to North Korea this week for talks on its nuclear programme after creating a stir here by warning a North Korean missile would be able to hit Sydney.	0
Life (Insurance) Is Cheap -- for Now The cost of term life insurance has never been cheaper. On that, industry experts agree. Over the past decade the price of term life insurance, the plain vanilla type that offers coverage only for a set number 	2
JAPAN GIVES CITI LATEST BLACK EYE the division that caters to the ultra-rich -fter regulators discovered  quot;serious violations of laws and regulations 	2
Energy, Material Prices Hurt U.S. Profits  NEW YORK (Reuters) - 3M Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MMM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MMM.N&lt;/A&gt; and American Standard  Cos. Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=ASD.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;ASD.N&lt;/A&gt; cast a shadow of disappointment on Monday as  the busiest week yet of the corporate earnings period got under  way, and analysts cautioned not to expect the profit picture to  brighten soon.	2
Lend Lease, Stockland, GPT under trade halts Some of Australia #39;s biggest property interests have placed their shares under a trading halt amid speculation of further major consolidation in the sector.	2
Indian police kill notorious bandit BANGALORE, India -- Police have shot dead India's most wanted bandit, Koose Muniswamy Veerappan, accused of chopping up many of the more than 100 people he killed, officials said yesterday.	0
In Shift, Putin Says He Will Back Whomever Ukraine Elects Only days after mocking a call for a new presidential runoff vote, President Vladimir V. Putin said today that he would work with whoever is elected by the people of Ukraine to lead the country, a Russian news agency reported.	0
Stocks Seen Opening Higher After CPI Data  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stock futures rose on Wednesday,  after dipping briefly, after a government report showed that  consumer prices, excluding food and energy, rose only slightly  more than Wall Street expected.	2
Photos: Invasion of "Half-Life 2" Screen shots of the video game show tripods towering over crumbling cities.	3
Microsoft skips Itanium with new Windows Microsoft will come out with a special version of Windows next year for clusters, but it won #39;t run on Intel #39;s most powerful server chip, at least for now.	3
Oracle announces final PeopleSoft offer Oracle has put up its  quot;best and final quot; offer for PeopleSoft at US\$24 per share. The new price is up \$3 from Oracle #39;s last offer, and is in excess of PeopleSoft #39;s 52-week closing price high.	2
White House Proposes Cuts in Salmon Areas (AP) AP - The Bush administration Tuesday proposed large cuts in federally designated areas in the Northwest and California meant to aid the recovery of threatened or endangered salmon. Protection would focus instead on rivers where the fish now thrive.	0
Qualcomm loses suit over chips After a year-and-a-half legal battle, Texas Instruments has won the right to continue using Qualcomm #39;s patented cell-phone technology without paying royalties.	2
Thumbs Up From Brunei For Largest Free Trade In World The high note which ended the the 10th Asean Summit at the Laotian capital of Vientiane were joined by leaders of Japan, South Korea, India, China, New Zealand and Australia as partners in free trade talks.	0
Berra Speaks Against Giambi's Return Manager Joe Torre repeatedly declined comment Thursday on whether he thinks first baseman Jason Giambi will return to the Yankees, but the Hall of Famer Yogi Berra did not.	1
Official: Tevez To Corinthians Goal.com had revealed earlier this week that the deal bringing Boca Juniors super-striker Tevez to Corinthians would be sealed by today, and this is precisely what happened.	1
Beer Shows Its  quot;Metal quot; Early 2000 we took a look at beermeister Miller as it prepared to take some of its nice, cold, frosty brew doggies out of their traditional glass bottles and aluminum 	2
France targets Ivorian air force France's president orders his forces to destroy any planes breaking Ivory Coast's truce after eight French deaths.	0
In "Shark Tale" and Real Seas, Life Is Hard In the animated movie &lt;i&gt;Shark Tale,&lt;/i&gt; a tiny cleaner fish dreams of climbing the social ladder on a reef terrorized by sharks. The story may not be that far-fetched.	3
IRA Urged to Trade Arms for Power-Sharing Deal The IRA was tonight told to be prepared to surrender its weapons if a deal to revive power sharing in Northern Ireland is to go ahead.	0
Tennessee Titans Team Report A late schedule change certainly did not appear to faze the Titans in Week 1. Due to the threat of Hurricane Ivan in south Florida, Tennessees game against 	1
Fed-up Americans eyeing Canada? Canadian officials are reporting that their government's immigration Web site has been swamped with traffic since George W. Bush gave his acceptance speech on Wednesday. Missing Links	3
Microsoft ready to launch search engine Microsoft on Thursday will launch its long-promised Internet search engine, which will compete directly with market leader Google, sources close to the company said Tuesday.	3
Wolfpack fails to catch up to speedy Canes It was a wild ride and NC State held on for as long as it could, but eventually it reached speeds too high for the Wolfpack, as No.	1
Koizumi dismisses Chinese leader #39;s criticism of visits to Yasukuni &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SANTIAGO -- Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi on Sunday dismissed Chinese President Hu Jintao #39;s criticism of his controversial visits to Tokyo #39;s Yasukuni Shrine where the war dead, including Class-A war criminals, are enshrined.	0
Java Java Java... and Coffee \\Great writeup from Tim Bray WRT Dynamic Java  ...\\Here's the funny part.  Whats up with all the damn coffee in these pictures?\\One can only come to the conclusion that caffeine makes you smart as hell!\\caption: Coffee\\caption: Coffee and Java\\caption: Java and Coffee\\	3
Resignation of China #39;s Senior Leader Appears Imminent Jiang Zemin, China #39;s military chief and longtime senior leader, may formally step down on Sunday, putting President Hu Jintao in full command of the Chinese Army, state and 	0
Asking Is Too Much for Jeeves An unsatisfactory conference call and disappointing forecasts send the search engine's shares tumbling.	2
Stem-cell policy moderately wrong Why didn #39;t Bush outright prohibit the research, if he truly believed destroying embryos is killing? BY RAMESH PONNURU. Ramesh Ponnuru is a senior editor at the National Review.	3
Quechua 1.0: Microsoft to launch Windows in the language of the Inca (AFP) AFP - Microsoft will translate its blockbuster computer software Windows and Office into Quechua, the language of the indigenous Inca, for Andean nations from Argentina to Bolivia, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru, where it is spoken, the company said.	3
Stocks Near Flat, Oil's High Price Weighs  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks barely budged on Wednesday  as a 2-week high in crude oil prices limited gains by  reigniting worry about energy costs eating into corporate  profits and consumer spending.	2
Flextronics Posts Profit  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Flextronics International Ltd.,  the No. 1 contract electronics manufacturer, on Monday posted a  quarterly profit helped by strong sales of consumer electronics  equipment that it makes for brand-name customers.	2
JC Penney #39;s Castagna to Leave Company JC Penney Co. said Friday that Vanessa Castagna - chairman and chief executive of the clothing retailer #39;s stores, catalog, and Internet operations - is leaving the company when her contract expires on Sunday.	2
Red Sox, Yankees Begin ALCS Battle (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox and the New York Yankees opened the American League Championship Series Tuesday night, a rematch of New York's seven-game victory last year. Curt Schilling (21-6) started for Boston against Mike Mussina (12-9).	1
Oil on record run Brent crude sets intraday mark in London, US crude comes close as supply concerns plague market. LONDON (Reuters) - London oil prices hit record highs on Monday as worries about the stability of supplies from 	2
Humans Have Fewer Genes Than Previously Thought (Reuters) Reuters - A more refined analysis of the human\genome, or book of life, shows people have fewer genes than\previously thought, an international team of scientists said on\Wednesday.	3
JM Smucker Disappoints, Sales Flat JM Smucker Co. (SJM.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Friday posted an 18.5 percent rise in quarterly profit, but its shares fell as much as 5 percent as sales were nearly flat excluding an acquisition.	2
Shoppers Spring Back to Life in September Shoppers rediscovered their buying groove last month, propelling sales at the nation's retailers by a strong 1.5 percent. It was the best showing since March.	2
AT #38;T Unit to Build Network for Treasury  AT #38;T Government Solutions said yesterday it has won a contract worth as much as \$1 billion to provide a high-speed communications network to the Treasury Department.	3
Delta warns it will post a big loss In a filing to the Securities and Exchange Commission, Delta Air Lines warned Friday that next week #39;s third quarter earnings report will include a bigger loss than it predicted earlier.	2
Iran 'increases missile range' Iran has missiles with a range of 2,000km, says former Iranian President Hashemi Rafsanjani.	0
Delaware KO'd in second OT Jon Smith scored on a 7-yard run in the second overtime as William  amp; Mary rallied from a 21-point deficit to beat Delaware, 44-38, in Williamsburg, Va., and advance to the Division 1-AA semifinals for the first time in school history.	1
Mauresmo Withdraws From Kremlin Cup Amelie Mauresmo from France touches her taped leg in the final against Lindsay Davenport of the US at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix at Filderstadt near Stuttgart, southwestern Germany, Sunday, Oct. 10, 2004.	1
Typhoon subsides after killing at least 31 The death toll from Typhoon Songda rose to 31 Wednesday, with at least 14 people still missing and more than 900 injured mainly in Hokkaido and western Japan.	0
Japan OKs Visa for Ex-Taiwan President (AP) AP - Japan plans to issue a visa for former Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui to visit this year, a government spokesman said Thursday, a decision that China urged Tokyo to reconsider to avoid damaging ties between the two countries.	0
Adriano Knows Inter Can Improve Inter Milan brace ace Adriano says that, despite a 2-0 victory over Bundesliga holders Werder Bremen on Tuesday, the San Siro side have yet to reach optimum form.	1
Fidelity Disciplines 16 Workers Over Gifts (AP) AP - Fidelity Investments on Thursday disciplined 16 employees for violating the mutual fund giant's conflict-of-interest policies covering gifts from brokers to Fidelity's traders.	2
Stocks climb as oil falls By George Chamberlin , Daily Transcript Financial Correspondent. Investors once again shrugged off volatility in the oil patch Friday and pushed stock prices modestly higher.	2
Amgen Quarterly Profit Falls  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Amgen Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AMGN.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AMGN.O&lt;/A&gt;, the world's  biggest biotechnology company, on Wednesday reported a lower  third-quarter profit related to the acquisition of another  biotech company.	2
Emergency supplies arrive in Fallujah Emergency supplies from the Red Crescent in Iraq have arrived in the Fallujah. It #39;s the first batch of humanitarian aid transported to Fallujah since the US forces launched 	0
Microsoft seeks to suspend EU antitrust ruling Microsoft Corp. fought yesterday for a suspension of a landmark European Union antitrust ruling pending its appeal, arguing that being forced to share its closely guarded software codes with rivals now would do it irreversible damage.	2
US Forces Launch Night Of Air Strikes On Al-Fallujah 5 November 2004 -- The US military in Iraq has reportedly sealed off Al-Fallujah in central Iraq and launched a night of air strikes on that rebel-held city.	0
Coke Loses Quiznos Sandwich Account  ATLANTA (Reuters) - Quiznos Sub, the third-largest U.S.  sandwich chain, said on Wednesday it signed a deal to serve  PepsiCo Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=PEP.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;PEP.N&lt;/A&gt; drinks in its U.S. outlets, ending a  23-year relationship with Coca-Cola Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=KO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;KO.N&lt;/A&gt;	2
Utes Forcing Way In TAMPA - Just a few weeks ago, the Utah Utes were building an impassioned case for why they belonged in a Bowl Championship Series game.	1
N.F.L. Suspends Lewis Two Games for Drug Case Baltimore Ravens running back Jamal Lewis was suspended for two games without pay by the N.F.L. for violating the league's substance abuse policy.	1
Gateway's Quarterly Loss Narrows  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Personal computer maker Gateway  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GTW.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GTW.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday posted a net loss that narrowed from a  year earlier and bettered its own forecast, helped by higher PC  sales and lower costs.	2
6 Killed in Crash of British Train A high-speed passenger train ploughed into a car at a level crossing and derailed here on Saturday, killing six people and injuring dozens, 11 of them seriously.	0
Duncan, Spurs hold off Lakers Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - Tim Duncan had 26 points and 16 rebounds to lead the San Antonio Spurs past the Los Angeles Lakers, 105-96.	1
Judge dismisses \$1.25 billion US lawsuit against Conrad Black CHICAGO - A US federal court judge has thrown out Hollinger International #39;s \$1.25 billion US lawsuit against Conrad Black and other former executives of the company.	2
PeopleSoft Board KOs Oracle Takeover Bid (AP) AP - PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors rejected Oracle Corp.'s  #36;9.2 billion takeover bid Wednesday and vowed to continue its staunch resistance even if a majority of the business software maker's shareholders decide to accept the offer.	3
Wenger Highlights Importance Of Panathinaikos Match Arsenal will be playing against Panathinaikos on Tuesday night, in a match valid for Group E of the Champions League. Arsene Wenger is convinced that a win would almost surely qualify the English champions 	1
Getting and spending: Russia grapples with excess oil billions (AFP) AFP - What do you do when you've got billions of dollars lying around and don't know how to spend them?	2
7 Texas Kids Found in Nigeria Orphanage HOUSTON - Seven Texas children were discovered abandoned at a Nigerian orphanage, suffering from disease and malnutrition, and have been brought back to the United States.    Child Protective Services, which received emergency custody of the children Monday, is investigating accusations that the children's adoptive mother abandoned them in Nigeria in October and later went to work in Iraq as a private contractor...	0
Briefly: Sarkozy focuses on aircraft aid Economic recovery in the euro zone is firmly established and inflation poses no threat, Otmar Issing, a European Central Bank executive board member, said Sunday.	2
SEC Bars Mutual Fund Payoffs to Brokers WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The US Securities and Exchange Commission pushed ahead on Wednesday with reforms of the \$7.5-trillion mutual fund industry amid scandals that have shaken fund investors #39; confidence. 	2
Experts Warn About Google Problems On Shared Computers NEW YORK -- It was supposed to be a tool to help people find stuff on their hard drives. But experts are warning that Google #39;s new search engine for computers may leave a person #39;s personal information at risk if they use shared computers.	2
Sanjay Kumar indicted for fraud New York; September 23, 2004 - The Department of Justice (DoJ), FBI and US Attorney #39;s Office handed down a 10-count indictment against former Computer Associates (CA) chairman and CEO Sanjay Kumar and Stephen Richards, former CA head of worldwide sales.	2
Intel plans faster bus for Pentium 4 Extreme Edition Intel Corp. is planning to introduce a faster front-side bus on an upcoming version of its Pentium 4 Extreme Edition processor that will help the firm increase the performance of its chips by improving a crucial bottleneck in system performance.	3
US expansion could hurt if savings rise NEW YORK: For years, profligate American consumers have been chided for putting aside nothing for a rainy day. Now, with the Federal Reserve raising interest rates, the prospect that households could start 	2
Stranded Afghan Refugees Find a Home in Canada  TORONTO -- Habibullah Abdul Ghafar is drinking black tea and resting after arriving in Canada from Kyrgyzstan, the Central Asian country where he and his family were stranded as refugees. Inside his one-bedroom apartment on the east side of Toronto, the furniture is sparse. A sofa, chair and kitchen table the Canadian government gave them line the room.	0
Burmese junta frees 5,070 inmates Burma's ruling junta says it is releasing 5,070 prisoners who were arrested "inappropriately".	0
Disputes cloud international gathering on Iraq #39;s future Countries taking part in a conference on Iraq differ on how to assist the nation but strongly support the interim government #39;s 	0
Oil prices threaten fresh record Opec's president says oil supply is adequate as the price of US light, crude comes within 4 cents of its all-time record.	0
VMWare reveals Ace in the hole Using its strengths in virtual machine technology, VMWare on Monday unwrapped new beta software for the desktop that allows administrators to more securely deploy and mange work environments outside the corporate network.	3
Report: Britain Wins U.S. Support for Mideast Talks  LONDON (Reuters) - Britain has won U.S. agreement to hold  an international peace conference on the Middle East in London  early next year, the Daily Telegraph reported on Monday.	0
6 arrested in Boston protesting SF lockout Boston -- About 85 members of Hotel Workers Local 26 demonstrated Wednesday in the lobby of the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Boston to show support for locked-out workers in San Francisco.	2
So What Happened in That Election, Anyhow? No consensus exists among Democrats about why John Kerry was defeated, and the party is locked in a battle of interpretation over just what went wrong.	0
Padres release former all-stat Rod Beck, recall Freddy Guzman SAN DIEGO (AP) - The San Diego Padres released reliever Rod Beck on Tuesday and recalled centre fielder Freddy Guzman from triple-A Portland. 	1
Vick Runs Past Giants Michael Vick runs for 104 yards and threw two first-half touchdown passes to Alge Crumpler to lead the Falcons to a 14-10 triumph over the Giants on Sunday.	1
Mondavi to move on Robert Mondavi Corp. said it would sell not only the Napa Valley facility, perhaps America #39;s most famous winery, but all of its high-end wine ventures in California and around the world, to concentrate on 	2
Airbus says American firms could be victims of WTO battle American companies could become  quot;collateral victims quot; of Washington #39;s decision to escalate the row between Boeing and Airbus over subsidies into a full-scale dispute, according to Nol Forgeard, president and chief executive of the European aircraft maker 	2
Forex: Dollar Falls After Fed Hike The dollar extended its losses on Tuesday after the Federal Reserve raised interest rates as expected but signaled that both inflation and inflation expectations were easing.	2
PalmOne grabs Microsoft Exchange license com October 5, 2004, 8:32 AM PT. Rivals PalmOne and Microsoft appear to have cast aside their differences, as the handheld maker licenses an e-mail synchronization tool from the software giant.	3
Utah Expansion Team Taps Ellinger As Coach (AP) AP - John Ellinger, the U.S. under-17 national team coach for the past seven years, was hired Wednesday as the coach of Major League Soccer's expansion team in Utah.	1
Celtics put Gugliotta on injured list CBC SPORTS ONLINE - The Boston Celtics returned Tom Gugliotta to the injured list Wednesday, this time with a sprained right ankle.	1
ID Biomedical Gets U.S. Flu Drug Deal  MONTREAL (Reuters) - ID Biomedical Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IDB.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IDB.TO&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=IDBE.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;IDBE.O&lt;/A&gt;  signed a 10-year U.S. distribution deal for its Fluviral drug  that could reap sales of \$2.3 billion and help U.S. authorities  fill a flu vaccine shortage, the company said on Monday.	2
Halliburton Units Win Approval of Asbestos Settlement (Update1) Halliburton Co., the world #39;s largest oilfield-services company, said a bankruptcy judge approved a \$1.5 billion settlement of asbestos claims between two of its subsidiaries and insurers.	2
Hewitt on auto pilot in sweeping past Arazi The planes from nearby LaGuardia have been flying unusually low over the National Tennis Center this week, but nothing has been cruising beneath the radar screen quite like Lleyton Hewitt.	1
Novell Posts Profit (Reuters) Reuters - Novell Inc.  on Thursday posted\a quarterly net profit, compared with a year-earlier loss, on\stronger sales of Linux operating software and a boost to\earnings from a weaker dollar.	3
Science and President Bush Collide in Election Year With more than 4,000 scientists, including 48 Nobel Prize winners, having signed a statement opposing the Bush administration's use of scientific advice, this election year is seeing a new development in the uneasy relationship between science and politics.	3
Japan #39;s central bank downgrades its assessment of the economy? &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Japan #39;s central bank downgraded its assessment of the economy for the first time in more than a year Friday, citing weakening industrial production and slowing export growth.	2
Failed European first Mars probe, Beagle 2, still a mystery Scientists are no closer to discovering what happened to the ill-fated space probe Beagle 2, which vanished while attempting to land on Mars, according to an investigation released Tuesday.	3
IBM called for 500m IT contract IBM is celebrating a seven-year contract to provide voice and data solutions to Lloyds TSB, as part of the largest European IT deal of its kind, worth an estimated 500m.	3
Teams halt unofficial Brit GP It would be difficult to justify the extra cost of racing in a non-championship British grand prix, Williams #39; Sam Michael said on Sunday.	1
Silicon carbide: coming soon to a chip near you New Japanese research into silicon carbide growth could revolutionise the electronics industry. A team of scientists has developed a method of making near-perfect silicon carbide crystals.	3
Telefonica rejects 2 bln euro bid for TV show unit: rpt LONDON (CBS.MW) -- Spanish telecom Telefonica (TEF) has rejected a bid of 2 billion euros for its Endemol television production company that produces the hit Big Brother show, The Times of London said Thursday, citing unnamed sources.	2
Cry foul over NBA Millionaire basketball players want to bounce a Harlem community center where thousands of kids come for after-school help every year, a group charged yesterday.	3
Bomb Blasts in Northeast India Kill 10, Wound 35 (Reuters) Reuters - A series of bomb blasts killed\nine people and wounded 35 in northeastern India on Saturday in\the deadliest attack since a cease-fire with the main\separatist group in Nagaland began seven years ago.	0
Graham Says U.S. Shielded Saudis from Sept 11 Links (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. Sen. Bob Graham, intelligence\committee chairman in the run-up to the Iraq war, said on\Sunday the Bush administration had "taken every step" to shield\Saudi Arabia from links to the Sept. 11 attacks.	0
Clijsters Says She'll Marry Hewitt in February  LONDON (Reuters) - Belgium's Kim Clijsters and Australian  Lleyton Hewitt, the golden couple of tennis, will marry next  February in Australia.	1
More circulation woes at Hollinger Hollinger International Inc. said Tuesday that it had found cases of inflated circulation at some of its newspapers, including the Jerusalem Post, in addition to previously disclosed problems at the Chicago Sun-Times.	2
US Airways, Machinists Hit Impasse Cost-cutting talks between US Airways and its machinist union broke off yesterday after the airline said the union #39;s proposed money-saving ideas were not enough to help the carrier avoid bankruptcy.	2
Redskins 27, Falcons 0 Mark Brunell opened the game with a touchdown drive and was done for the night. Michael Vick opened with an interception and never did produce a play for positive yardage.	1
Czechs Trounce Sweden to Reach World Cup Semi-Finals  STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Czech Republic reached the World Cup  semi-finals by outclassing Sweden 6-1 thanks to some efficient  counter-attacking hockey on Tuesday.	1
Lewis helps Ravens grind down Redskins LANDOVER, Md. -- Jamal Lewis recovered from a slow start to grind out 116 yards on 28 carries, including 90 clock-eating yards on the final three drives, and the Baltimore Ravens defense did the rest in Sunday 	1
New Haven architect to design Adriaen #39;s Landing science center HARTFORD, Conn. -- A design for a futuristic glass building with a giant plasma video screen landed Cesar Pelli the job as architect for the new science center at Adriaen #39;s Landing.	3
Dog Medicine Is Recalled at Request of F.D.A. A time-released medication used to prevent heartworm in millions of dogs was recalled after thousands of dogs suffered adverse reactions.	3
Powell Says Darfur No Safer After Genocide Label  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Sudan must do a lot more to make its  Darfur region safer, Secretary of State Colin Powell said on  Tuesday, adding that Khartoum had failed to improve security  since the United States last week accused it of committing  genocide there.	0
Mark Cuban prompts dot-com redux com October 7, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.	3
Water on Mars: More Evidences The Mars Exploration Rover mission is part of NASA #39;s Mars Exploration Program, a long-term effort of robotic exploration of the red planet.	3
Early runs puts Webb on Easy St. Brandon Webb found himself in the strangest of positions on Wednesday night, protecting a 3-0 lead against the Dodgers after just three innings.	1
Panthers Lose Jenkins for Season  CHARLOTTE, N.C., (Sports Network) - Carolina Panthers  defensive tackle Kris Jenkins was placed on injured reserve  Wednesday and will miss the remainder of the season because of  a shoulder injury.	1
Digital Memories, Piling Up, May Prove Fleeting The problem of preserving digital photos and other electronic records for future decades confounds even the experts.	3
Brown Steps Forwrad Kwame Brown completes his first full practice since having foot surgery and gets rave reviews from coach Eddie Jordan. Brown is still expected out until December.	1
U.S.: Sudan Forcibly Moving More Refugees (AP) AP - For the second time in a week, Sudanese government troops took steps to forcibly remove residents from a displaced persons camp in Darfur, the State Department said Wednesday.	0
Forming galaxy cluster captured The Chandra telescope has seen huge gas clouds in space in the act of merging to form a massive galaxy cluster.	3
Narrow rule feared after Russia lifts leader limits MOSCOW -- The Duma, Russia's lower house of parliament, voted yesterday to overturn a ban on political party leaders becoming ministers, raising fears that Soviet-style one-party rule could make a comeback.	0
PMC-Sierra Cuts Q3 Outlook The high-speed broadband communications, storage, and MIPS processor chip maker said revenues are now expected to be between \$71 million and \$73 million.	2
Half-Life 2's  Real Battle If the video game industry is beginning to rake in revenue that rivals the movie industry, it's also beginning to accumulate Hollywood-like headaches.&lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;	3
BMC rounds out SmartDBA family with IMS mainframe BMC Software Inc. has added IBM Corp.'s IMS mainframe database to the platforms supported by its SmartDBA family of products, completing a two-year mission to provide tools for managing all of the major databases from a single, Web-based console.	3
Hole-hearted attempt THE fastest-swivelling space science observatory rocketed into orbit yesterday to scan the universe for violent celestial explosions, which astronomers believe represent the birth screams of black holes.	3
Sampanis denies doping GREECE #39;S first Athens medallist Leonidas Sampanis today denied taking banned substances despite testing positive for the male hormone testosterone.	1
In remote India, guarding land of ancestors tops lure of oil WOKHA, India -- The Nagas of northeastern India, warriors for centuries, launched the country's oldest insurgency nearly five decades ago -- a few years before their last tribe gave up headhunting. They have been poor for much longer, but they are in no hurry to tap the oil riches lying roughly a mile beneath their feet. Protecting the land their ...	0
Vandy #39;s List gets in final of Amateur MAMARONECK, NY - Luke List has already made it further than he ever thought, so why stop now? That #39;s the attitude of the 19-year-old Vanderbilt sophomore, who continued his string of US Amateur upsets with 	1
Oil Back at \$50 on Outages, Winter Fears  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices climbed back to \$50 on  Tuesday, pushed higher by supply outages in the North Sea and  fears about low stocks of winter heating fuels.	2
Scots name Burns temporary manager Assistant manager Tommy Burns has been put in temporary charge of Scotland following the resignation of Berti Vogts, the Scottish FA said on Thursday.	1
Stripped down Longhorn still offers gems SEPTEMBER 06, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Even though Microsoft Corp. #39;s much-anticipated Longhorn has been stripped of its unified file system and some of its other key Longhorn technologies will be available for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003, the next 	3
Microsoft Vows Fight on Patent Rejection (AP) AP - In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft Corp.'s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.	3
EBay Acquiring South Korean Auction Affiliate EBay Acquiring South Korean Auction Affiliate\\EBay Inc., according to news wire reports, has offered a price near \$530 million to purchase the remainder of eBay South Korean affiliate - Internet Auction Co. Ltd. The move is seen as an expansion of the eBay strategy to push deeper into Asia. EBay ...	3
US Changes West Bank Policy to Help Sharon: NYTimes (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration has signaled\approval of growth in some Israeli settlements in the West Bank\in a policy change aimed at helping Prime Minister Ariel\Sharon, the New York Times said on Saturday.	0
China to revive stalled N. Korea talks North Korea #39;s No. 2 leader, Kim Yong-nam, arrived in Beijing Monday as China renewed efforts to revive six-party talks on Pyongyang #39;s nuclear program.	0
Schwarzenegger Vetoes E-Mail Monitoring Disclosure (Reuters) Reuters - California Gov. Arnold\Schwarzenegger vetoed on Wednesday a bill that would have\required the state's employers to give workers written\notification if e-mail and other Internet activity is being\monitored at work.	3
Paul Hamm Asked to Give Up Gold Medal ATHENS, Greece - World gymnastics officials asked Paul Hamm to give up his gold medal as the ultimate show of sportsmanship, but the U.S. Olympic Committee told them to take responsibility for their own mistakes and refused even to deliver the request...	0
Novell's antitrust suit points to continued Office dominance Novell's antitrust lawsuit alleging that Microsoft illegally tried to stifle competition in the desktop applications market in the mid-1990s highlights the ongoing problems alternatives to Microsoft Office have in winning users.	3
Ontario Finance Minister Says Deficit Is Unchanged at C\$2.2 Bln Ontario Finance Minister Greg Sorbara said government spending and revenue rose almost equally in the first six months of the fiscal year, leaving the provincial budget deficit unchanged 	2
Navy #39;s main foe is Army, but beating Notre Dame may be more &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; You can #39;t blame Navy fullback Kyle Eckel for saying the Midshipmen #39;s game Saturday with Notre Dame is more important to the players than the annual intraservice bloodletting with Army.	1
Aid rushed to storm victims Food and supplies arrive in the Philippines, hit hard by back-to-back storms. More than 600 are dead, and nearly 400 are missing. BY OLIVER TEVES.	0
Intel Unveils Tri-Mode Centrino Intel Thursday unveiled tri-mode Centrino technology that will enable laptops to access WLANs based on the 802.11a, b and g specifications.	3
Bombs Kill 10 in Baghdad; Rumsfeld Visits (AP) AP - Two car bombs shook the capital in quick succession Sunday, killing at least 10 people and wounding 17, including an American soldier, U.S. and Iraqi officials said.	0
Update: Intel Q3 revenue slightly higher than new expectations Third-quarter revenue was \$8.47 billion, up 8 percent from last year's third-quarter revenue of \$7.83 billion. Intel shipped a record number of processors in the quarter, but it had forecast even higher growth coming off of its second-quarter earnings conference call.	3
Boeing Posts 78 Percent Higher Profit CHICAGO -- Aerospace giant Boeing Co. reported a 78 percent jump in third-quarter earnings, buoyed by a strong defense business, and raised its estimate for full-year profits due to a favorable tax outlook.	2
U.S. Air Strike Kills 11 in Iraq's Falluja (Reuters) Reuters - A U.S. air raid, aimed at foreign\fighters led by Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, killed 11 people and\wounded 17 after a wedding party in the rebel-held Iraqi city\of Falluja Friday, residents and doctors said.	0
ROON AGENT MISLED COURT THE trial of three men accused of blackmailing Wayne Rooney #39;s agent collapsed yesterday after he tried to fool the court. Paul Stretford claimed that former Olympic boxer John Hyland and 	1
'Laughingstock' Portugal Hopes to Rebound (AP) AP - A headline in a Lisbon newspaper called Portugal's soccer team "Europe's Laughingstock." Italy, France and the Netherlands also came in for stinging criticism after embarrassing weekend results in qualifiers for the 2006 World Cup.	1
Haslem, Wade power Miami Heat TAMPA  Ever since Alonzo Mourning #39;s devastating revelation of kidney illness in September 2000, the Heat has been more than aware of life without a dominant big man.	1
2004 Was Year of Netsky Worm, Web Firm Sophos Says (Reuters) Reuters - Netsky-P, an email computer worm\allegedly written by a German teenager, was the hardest-hitting\virus of 2004, disrupting tens of thousands of businesses and\homes worldwide, Web security firm Sophos says.	3
MS Pushes MOM 2005 out the Door Drowned by the hoopla surrounding SP2 for Windows XP, Microsoft announced yesterday that both versions of Microsoft Operations Manager 2005 (MOM 2005) were released for manufacturing, the final step before they become officially available.	3
Martha Stewart gets new TV series Jailed US lifestyle guru Martha Stewart signs a deal to present a new show for NBC from late next year.	2
 #39;6-Way Talks Prerequisite to Inter-Korean Summit #39; Unification Minister Chung Dong-young on Thursday stressed that the stalled six-way talks over Pyongyangs nuclear weapons programs need to be resumed first in order for the much-anticipated second inter-Korean summit to occur.	0
Lucchino thinks it was a bad move The president and chief executive officer of the Red Sox thinks Pedro Martinez made the wrong decision. But Larry Lucchino nonetheless had nothing but praise for 	1
Microsoft Dimisses RealNetworks' Complaint in Korea (Reuters) Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  said on Monday a\complaint filed in South Korea by RealNetworks Inc. ,\alleging that its Media Player software breached antitrust\laws, was "without merit."	3
Powell Cancels Athens Trip The US State Department says Secretary Colin Powell has canceled a trip to Athens to attend the Olympics closing ceremony because of urgent business in Washington.	1
Chaplain meets with Hendrick employees CONCORD, NC A chaplain has met with employees of Hendrick Motorsports employees after the crash of a company plane killed ten people heading to the Subway 500 race in Martinsville.	1
Microsoft sued over  #39;stolen #39; game ACADEMY Award-winning screenwriter Roger Avary is suing software giant Microsoft in California for allegedly stealing his idea for a virtual yoga studio.	3
Ford CEO asks for government help on health costs Bill Ford, Ford Motor Co. #39;s chairman and chief executive officer, called Wednesday for federal help with health-care costs and the development of hydrogen-powered vehicles.	2
Police Say Pipe Bomb Damaged Building WATERTOWN, Mass. -- Watertown police say it was a pipe bomb that broke windows at the offices of a biological research company in Watertown early Thursday morning.	3
William at Cenotaph for first time PRINCE William took part in his first official Remembrance Sunday engagement yesterday as the nation paid its respects to Britains war dead.	0
Cisco open \$12m research center in Japan Networking giant Cisco Systems Inc. have announced plans to open a new research and development center in Tokyo next year. The company will invest a cool \$12 million in the project over five years.	3
Sharapova lost to Pierce Maria Sharapova #39;s drive to win another Grand Slam title ended on Saturday when she lost to Mary Pierce 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 in the third round of the US Open.	1
No Changes to the Induce Act Please! \\Just let it die!\\The amount of damage this will cause our economy and to the Technology industry\is staggering.\\Let this argument evolve.  The RIAA/MPAA doesn't speak for the entire country.\All this will do is push P2P development offshore.\\"The U.S. Copyright Office has drafted a new version of the Induce Act that it\believes will ban networks like Kazaa and Morpheus while not putting hardware\such as portable hard drives and MP3 players on the wrong side of the law."\\"The original Induce Act has been severely criticized for possibly jeopardizing\products such Apple Computer's iPod that could "induce" people to commit piracy."\\	3
Dialogue of the deaf It was a stormy day, with torrential rain lashing down, but an audience splashed their way to a north London theatre to hear four leading commentators discuss Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon #39;s latest plan for his country and the Palestinians.	0
Macau card up Packer sleeve KERRY Packer has taken a first step to forging a global gambling empire by teaming up with Hong Kong tycoon Stanley Ho to enter the lucrative casino land of Macau.	2
Space trailblazer Max Faget dies The designer of the Mercury space capsules that took the first Americans into orbit has died at age 83, NASA announced Sunday. Maxime Faget led the space agency #39;s engineering and development branch 	3
VW and unions begin a new round of talks HANNOVER, Germany Senior negotiators from Volkswagen and its main union entered another round of negotiations on Tuesday as they worked to reach a cost-cutting contract and head off the first comprehensive strike at the automaker #39;s factories in western 	2
Symbol  quot;enterprise digital assistant quot; runs Windows Mobile Symbol Technologies has expanded its line of rugged handheld computers with the addition of a PDA form-factor device called an  quot;enterprise digital assistant quot; (EDA).	3
Stop and start suits Citroen The French carmaker PSA Peugeot Citron sought to strengthen its green credentials yesterday with the launch of a new system that cuts petrol consumption and emissions by automatically switching off the engine at traffic lights or in queues.	3
Lebanese Foreign Ministry says it is trying to secure release of 7 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Lebanese Embassy in Baghdad is working with Iraqis to secure the release of a 7-year-old Lebanese boy taken by kidnappers demanding \$150,000, Foreign Ministry officials said Monday.	0
Maryland Dig May Reach Back 16,000 Years (AP) AP - Robert D. Wall is too careful a scientist to say he's on the verge of a sensational discovery. But the soybean field where the Towson University anthropologist has been digging for more than a decade is yielding hints that someone camped there, on the banks of the Potomac River, as early as 14,000 B.C.	3
Mariucci Passes On Irish Lions head coach Steve Mariucci says he was contacted by Notre Dame regarding their vacant head coaching position, but he will remain in Detroit.	1
UN chief urges action over Darfur UN chief  Kofi Annan asks the Security Council to adopt a US draft resolution on Sudan's Darfur region.	0
Virgin Group licenses MS co-founder #39;s spaceship concept If you #39;ve always wanted to send someone to the moon, you might just get your chance. Free! Sign up here to receive our Before the Bell e-Newsletter!	3
Case closes out Melrose in five Up two games to none and holding a 15-11 lead over Melrose in Game 3, Case seemed assured of making another trip to the Division 2 state volleyball finals.	1
Gatlin, Hayes win Jesse Owens Awards Olympic champions Justin Gatlin and Joanna Hayes were announced as recipients of the 2004 Jesse Owens Awards by USA Track  amp; Field (USATF) on Monday.	1
White Sox Trade Carlos Lee to Milwaukee ANAHEIM, Calif. Dec 13, 2004 - Carlos Lee was traded from the Chicago White Sox to the Milwaukee Brewers on Monday for outfielder Scott Podsednik, reliever Luis Vizcaino and a player to be named.	1
DreamWorks Animation IPO Priced  #36;23- #36;25 (Reuters) Reuters - DreamWorks Animation SKG Inc. on\Tuesday set its planned initial public offering at 29 million\shares that could raise up to  #36;725 million, announcing the\terms after its new film "Shark Tale" snagged the No. 1 U.S.\box office spot for the second straight weekend.	2
Golf Roundup: Sorenstam overtakes Park by 3 Annika Sorenstam charged from three shots back in the final five holes yesterday to overtake Grace Park and win her fourth Samsung World Championship in Palm Desert, Calif.	1
E-Voting Fans: The Disabled Many voter rights' advocates are fighting to decertify electronic voting machines, arguing they're not reliable. But one bloc is behind the new equipment -- disabled voters who say the machines give them privacy.	3
U.S. Holiday Spending Expected to Rise  WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A rosier economic outlook will boost  U.S. holiday spending by up to 5 percent this year despite a  firm resolution by many consumers to spend less, a consumer  group said on Monday.	2
Philippines seeks 4 in ferry bombing SINGAPORE -- Philippine authorities said yesterday that they were seeking four members of Abu Sayyaf, an Islamic gang with long-standing ties to Al Qaeda, in the February sinking of a ferry that left at least 118 people dead.	0
Surgeons 'rebuild' patient's face Surgeons carry out the first full face reconstruction, including the nose, using a single flap of skin.	3
IBM Unveils Latest  #39;On-Demand #39; Tech Center IBM on Monday unveiled a technology lab for customers looking to test the company #39;s products for managing computer resources based on business demands.	3
The Great One weighed owner-coach role Already the Phoenix Coyotes managing partner, The Great One was asked by general manager Mike Barnett if he #39;d be interested in running the team from behind the bench, too.	1
 #39;No experiments #39; for SpaceShipOne The team has turned down offers, including from the US government, to do scientific experiments on flights. Rutan says SpaceShipOne #39;s task will be to focus on test flights for the commercial passenger craft 	3
Brockton has its lines down pat Brockton reached the postseason by controlling the line of scrimmage and it wasn't about to change its game plan.	1
MSN fighting Messenger difficulties, virus People using Microsoft #39;s instant-messaging software, MSN Messenger, may have been a mite lonely this weekend, with only a virus to keep them company.	3
Broadband Duopoly Calms Cable, Telecom Battles  LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - The long-promised battle between U.S.  cable and telephone companies has so far been more of an uneasy  peace. Thanks to their duopoly over broadband Internet access,  it may stay that way.	3
MBNA Stops Unsolicited Switching of Customer Credit Cards The MBNA Corporation has decided that it should ask for permission before switching its customers' credit cards to American Express cards.	2
A backfield in motion FOXBOROUGH -- He needed a long hit of mouthwash when the festivities at Gillette Stadium were over yesterday.	1
Spanish leader Barcelona draws 1-1 with Athletic Bilbao on &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Samuel Eto #39;o took his scoring total to eight this season as FC Barcelona drew 1-1 with Athletic Bilbao in the Spanish league on Saturday.	1
Linux-builder Debian objects to Microsoft Sender ID licence The worlds of Open Source and proprietary software have collided once more with the news that Debian - builder of a version of the GNU/Linux operating system - announcing it cannot live with the terms of Microsoft #39;s licence for its technology in the 	3
Japan #39;s troubled Daiei decides to seek aid from government body TOKYO (AFP) - Debt-ridden Japanese retailer Daiei decided to seek help from a state-backed corporate body, reversing an earlier decision after repeated heavy pressure from its creditors.	0
Paisley to meet Blair as efforts continue to secure North deal Democratic Unionist Party leader Ian Paisley is due to meet British Prime Minister Tony Blair in London today as part of ongoing efforts to restore devolved government in the North.	0
Pirates Hotwire  #39;Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas #39; Both Rockstar Games and Microsoft are in pursuit of the gaming robbers. While Microsoft has made it clear that it is  quot;aggressively pursuing the source of the illegal act, quot; Rockstar has 	3
Japan, US agree on missile defence cooperation Tokyo, Dec. 17 (VNA) - Japan and the United States signed an agreement on Friday that stipulates the details of bilateral cooperation on a ballistic missile defence system, according to Kyodo news service.	0
Singapore Telecom #39;s Lee Says Impact of Cheap Calls Limited Singapore Telecommunications Ltd., Southeast Asia #39;s largest phone company, said the popularity of cut-rate calling plans offered by its Australian mobile-phone unit may limit the impact of lower prices on profit.	2
Boston fades from view as Lowe looks ahead In Derek Lowe's dream scenario, a number of teams will vie for his services when he enters free agency this offseason. His only regret is that the Red Sox almost certainly will not be among them.	1
Straw leaves for Darfur visit (AFP) AFP - Foreign Secretary Jack Straw left London for Sudan, where he was to discuss the crisis in war-torn Darfur with President Omar al-Beshir and senior officials.	0
Fallon in the clear Solicitors acting for Kieren Fallon said last night they expect the six-times champion jockey to be cleared of any allegations of race-fixing following his arrest yesterday.	1
Veolia Wins \$800 Million U.S. Deal  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Veolia Environment &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=VIE.PA target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;VIE.PA&lt;/A&gt; executives  on Tuesday said the French utility's waste management unit had  won a 10-year, \$800 million contract extension in Florida.	2
Intel Rolls Out Single-Core  #39;Madison #39; Chips Intel Corp. is refreshing its 64-bit Itanium 2 processor line with six new chips based on the Madison core. The new processors represent the last single-core Itanium chips that the Santa Clara, Calif.	3
This weekend on TV, radio TODAY AUTO RACING 3 p.m. -- NASCAR Nextel Cup Sylvania 300 qualifying at N.H. International Speedway, Loudon, N.H., TNT PRO BASEBALL 7 p.m. -- Red Sox at New York Yankees, Ch. 38, WEEI (850) (on cable systems where Ch. 38 is not available, the game will air on NESN); Chicago Cubs at Cincinnati, ESPN 6 p.m. -- Eastern League finals: ...	1
More for Dorrell LOS ANGELES UCLA football coach Karl Dorrell has been given a two-year extension, putting him under contract with the Bruins through the 2010 season.	1
McCain: Air Force fixed bids WASHINGTON - Sen. John McCain called Friday for  quot;full accountability quot; for Air Force officials involved in a controversial contract to acquire tanker aircraft from Boeing, accusing them of incompetence or corruption.	2
Dollar Slips Against Yen  TOKYO (Reuters) - The dollar slipped against the yen on  Wednesday after a Bank of Japan survey suggested the  deterioration in Japanese business sentiment was not as bad as  some had feared.	2
Sudan Resumes Peace Talks with Southern Rebels (Reuters) Reuters - Sudan's government and southern rebels\resumed talks on a final peace deal on Thursday amid fears that\tensions in the oil-producing south and the newer Darfur crisis\could plunge Africa's biggest country into chaos. Underscoring\the external pressures on Khartoum to end its 21-year-old\southern civil war, U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan's special\representative to Sudan, Jan Pronk, warned both sides not to\re-open previous agreements signed in May.	0
Woods #39; lavish 1.5m wedding to model HE HAS always put his career first, listening to his fathers advice not to marry because a wife would only get in the way of his golf.	1
Ichiro Makes Run at Historic Record  SEATTLE (Reuters) - Ichiro Suzuki, baseball's sang-froid  player, is racing to shatter an elusive record for hits in a  single season, aiming to bring glory to himself, the Seattle  Mariners and his country Japan.	1
Slowing house market quiets lending Mortgage lending has declined for the second consecutive month as a result of the slowing housing market, says the Council of Mortgage Lenders.	2
Surgery sidelines NBA sharpshooter Lenard (AFP) AFP - One week into the National Basketball Association season, the season is over for Denver Nuggets guard Voshon Lenard.	1
Rouse Co. to be sold for \$7.2 billion Rouse Co., the Baltimore-based real estate investment trust that owns the Mall St. Matthews, is being sold to Chicago-based General Growth Properties Inc. for \$7.2 billion, according to a report in the Baltimore Business Journal. 	2
Ah, the whiff of a very old yolk It is one of the world #39;s oldest questions: Why did the chicken cross the road? It might seem like a  #39;poultry #39; subject to weigh on the minds of hundreds of scientists, but research published yesterday has brought us a little closer to the answer.	3
FTC recommends \$100,000 bounty for spammers #39; heads THE US Federal Trade Commission said that it had released a report which assessed whether offering bounties to turn in spammers would help stem the flood.	3
Monkeys use tools to forage LONDON - Wild capuchin monkeys can understand cause and effect well enough to use rocks to dig for food, scientists have found. Capuchin monkeys often use tools and solve problems in captivity and sometimes 	3
No half measures, Turkey tells EU TURKISH Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan turned up the heat on the European Union yesterday, insisting his nation deserved full membership and warning that anything less would be a  quot;historic mistake quot;.	0
Great White Shark Gets Satellite Tracker (AP) AP - Researchers put a satellite tracking device on a 15-foot shark that appeared to be lost in shallow water off Cape Cod, the first time a great white has been tagged that way in the Atlantic.	3
Manning shows promise despite losing first NFL start EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ -- By their very nature, little brothers have a lifetime #39;s worth of experience coming up a little short, but you got the feeling watching Eli Manning on Sunday at Giants Stadium that he grew even in defeat.	1
Command Failure Seen at Fault in Beslan Massacre  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Security forces bungled the handling of  Russia's worst hostage drama because nobody was in charge and  special forces were not ready when the shooting started,  security analysts said on Monday.	0
Tech Shares Pushed Lower, but Market Barely Budges A downgrading of several semiconductor companies by a brokerage firm put technology shares under pressure on Thursday.	3
Santonja Goes to Quarterfinals at Tashkent (AP) AP - Arantxa Parra Santonja of Spain rallied to beat Belarusian Anastasiya Yakimova 2-6, 6-3, 7-5 Wednesday and advance to quarterfinals of the Tashkent Open.	1
Fuel Prices, Low Fares Batter Airlines  CHICAGO (Reuters) - The twin burdens of soaring fuel prices  and slipping airfares clobbered the airline industry again in  the third quarter, leaving three of the top four U.S. carriers  to post quarterly losses on Wednesday.	2
I don #39;t know why I stopped, says Radcliffe The torment engulfing Paula Radcliffe after her failure to finish the Olympic marathon was plain yesterday as she tried to explain what went so horribly wrong in the burning heat of Athens.	1
New Fossil of Fish-Like Reptile Found in Arctic (Reuters) Reuters - Scientists have found a 16-foot fossil of\a new species of fish-like lizard that swam the seas 160\million years ago when dinosaurs ruled on land.	3
Lee, MacGill help NSW fire out Kiwis for 213 Sydney: New Zealand made a disastrous beginning in their tour opener against New South Wales as they were shot out for a modest 213 at the Sydney cricket ground here today.	1
NBA Brawl Quote Box (AP) AP - Reaction to the suspensions handed down by NBA commissioner David Stern on Sunday, two days after a brawl between the Indiana Pacers and Detroit Pistons:	1
Rossi all revved up DEJA vu at Phillip Island yesterday left Flying Doctor Valentino Rossi counting the hours to another world title and Australian star Troy Bayliss bouncing along the bitumen.	1
Hacker strikes university computer system Cyber threats, chiefly viruses like NetSky and Sasser, make security an ongoing concern as it holds steady over software infrastructure as the third top priority.	3
Alaska to slash 900 jobs Alaska Airlines announced major expense-reduction surgery Thursday, trimming 900 workers from its payroll and closing its maintenance base.	2
SunTrust Restates Results Over Bad Loans  NEW YORK (Reuters) - SunTrust Banks Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=STI.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;STI.N&lt;/A&gt;, which  fired three executives over its accounting for bad loans, on  Friday restated first-half profit higher by \$25.1 million,  slightly more than it had forecast, to fix the errors.	2
Military Snipers Learn From Competition (AP) AP - Corp. Eugenio Mendoza, a young veteran of the Iraq war, had to carry his buddy for 50 yards, scale an 8-foot wall and crawl through a water-logged tunnel at the 4th International Sniper Competition, where the challenges are designed to simulate combat scenarios in Afghanistan and Iraq.	1
US aims to seek UN sanctions against Iran, Powell says WASHINGTON -- Secretary of State Colin L. Powell said yesterday the United States wants UN sanctions imposed on Iran after the Bush administration concluded the country is on the verge of enriching enough uranium for four nuclear weapons.	0
Part of the ECT News Network The Gnome Foundation today released a new version of its popular Linux desktop. The new release, Gnome version 2.8, boosts speed and usability and offers several new features, the foundation said in a statement.	3
Friday News  amp; Notes Lake Forest - Rex Tucker started his first regular-season game in more than two years Sunday, filling in at right guard in place of Mike Gandy, who was sidelined with a strained hamstring.	1
Microsoft skips Itanium with new Windows In yet another blow to Intel's Itanium ambitions, Microsoft says its big-server version of Windows won't run on the new chip.	3
China's Local Growth Economy Still Strong (AP) AP - China's investment in construction and factory equipment, a key growth indicator, slowed slightly in November on lower public spending, but local-level investments surged, the government reported Thursday.	2
Marchers demand Iraq withdrawal Thousands of protesters, including the grieving parents of killed soldiers, have marched in London to demand the removal of British troops from Iraq.	0
Extra cash for 'super-microscope' The giant Diamond synchrotron being built in England is to receive a further 120m of funding.	3
NESN hopes new show is a highlight NESN takes a natural programming step Monday when it launches a nightly version of  quot;Sports Desk, quot; the 15-minute news and highlight show that's been airing from 5-9 a.m. since March 1991.	1
RealNetworks Launches Music Download Price War RealNetworks is sending a real message to Apple, their largest competitor in the online music market. On Tuesday, RealNetworks announced that it was launching the biggest music sale in history, offering single music downloads for just 49 cents, and most ...	3
Gaza Gunmen Free Top Security Official-Witnesses  GAZA (Reuters) - Palestinian gunmen freed a top security  official on Thursday hours after abducting him in the Gaza  Strip in a fresh challenge to President Yasser Arafat's rule  amid a wave of unrest, witnesses said.	0
Firm Requests  #39;Success Fee #39; in Enron Case The firm led by the acting chief executive of Enron asked a bankruptcy judge for a \$25 million  quot;success fee quot; for its efforts in shepherding the company through nearly three years under Chapter 11 bankruptcy, a court filing shows.	2
Chirac Sees Opportunity in China #39;s Economic Surge French President Jacques Chirac declared on Saturday that France was a natural trade partner to China and, amid a flurry of air, rail and energy 	0
Karzai takes early lead as vote-counting begins Interim leader Hamid Karzai was strongly favored in early results from the vote count of Afganistan #39;s landmark presidential ballot yesterday as elections workers took a break to mark the beginning of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan.	0
25 dead in Venezuelan military plane crash A Venezuelan air force plane crashed in the mountainous region in northern Venezuela, killing all 25 people on board, an aviation officials said Sunday.	0
Conway or the highway What a shame that Larry Ellison and Craig Conway never got the chance to reunite for that highly anticipated exit interview. It would have been a blockbuster on pay-per-view.	2
In Nebraska, Football Feeds State's Ego (AP) AP - Decades ago, a beleaguered Nebraska football coach raised a stink across the plains when he said he didn't think this state could be great at anything.	1
Intel Helping Indian, Chinese Customers to Use Linux (Update3) Intel Corp., the world #39;s biggest semiconductor maker, said it #39;s helping Indian and Chinese customers build personal computers that use the Linux operating system, an alternative to Microsoft Corp.	3
PayPal Says Business Nearly Back To Normal PayPal, the popular payment method on auction site eBay Inc., said Wednesday the technical problems that left many users unable to access their accounts or conduct business appear to over.	3
Unlikely Visionary Behind Race to Space (AP) AP - SpaceShipOne visionary Peter Diamandis wasn't thinking about history as he stood in the Mojave desert and watched a small, shuttlecock-shaped craft glide back to Earth having nudged the edge of space. He just thought it looked beautiful.	3
Bush defends Iraq war President George W Bush delivered an unapologetic defence of his decision to invade Iraq, telling the United Nations yesterday that it  quot;helped to deliver the Iraqi people from an outlaw dictator quot;.	0
RIAA sues more music downloaders THE US recording industry has filed copyright infringement lawsuits against 761 computer users in the latest round of its effort to stamp out unauthorised trading of music online.	3
Ferguson Adds Bergkamp to FA  #39;Hit-List #39; Newspaper reports this morning suggest Sir Alex Ferguson has added Dennis Bergkamp to his infamous dossier of evidence he hopes will condemn arch-rivals Arsenal, claiming the 	1
NASA Prepares to Spy on a Satellite Scientists are about to get their first really close and revealing look at Titan, the invitingly mysterious giant moon of Saturn.	3
Cassini Takes A Close Look At Saturns Moon Titan Saturn #39;s mysterious moon Titan held onto its secrets despite a close reconnaissance by the Cassini spacecraft #39;s cameras and instruments.	3
Abducted Aid Worker in Iraq Begs for Life (AP) AP - Trembling, haggard and weeping into a tissue, Margaret Hassan, the kidnapped British aid worker who has spent nearly half her life delivering food and medicine in Iraq, begged Britain on Friday to help save her by withdrawing its troops, saying these "might be my last hours."	0
Williams defies the doctors Serena Williams muscled her way past Switzerland #39;s Patty Schnyder at the US Open. Picture:Reuters. Serena Williams revealed she had defied the advice of three doctors in order to play in the 	1
China jails officials for spying Two senior Chinese officials in Hong Kong are given long jail terms after being convicted of spying for the UK.	0
Liechtenstein royals swap power Liechtenstein's Prince Hans-Adam hands over power to his son and invites the whole nation to a garden party.	0
EU Likely to Clear Oracle Deal-Source (Reuters) Reuters - Oracle Corp is likely to win clearance\from the European Commission for its hostile  #36;7.7 billion\takeover of rival software firm PeopleSoft Inc., a source close\to the situation said on Friday.	3
Apple Under Scrutiny as Music Competition Rises  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Apple Computer Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=AAPL.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;AAPL.O&lt;/A&gt; may  have sold more than twice as many of its iPod digital music  players in its most recent quarter than its signature Mac  computers, but competitors are turning the up the heat in the  nascent online music industry.	3
Albion deny Hoddle offer West Brom have not reached agreement to offer Glenn Hoddle the manager #39;s job despite reports of high-level talks. The former Tottenham and England boss was said to have spoken with Albion chairman Jeremy Peace over the weekend and been offered the post.	1
Kings Beat Rockets in Tense Beijing Finish The Sacramento Kings beat the Houston Rockets in a nail-biter pre-season game in Beijing on Sunday, 91-89, on a baseline jumpshot by reserve guard Bobby Jackson in the final seconds.	1
Graeme Souness Profile As a player, Souness built up a fearsome reputation as a hard man of the game - many feel that his style of play, with more than the odd cynical foul thrown in, could never fit into the modern game.	1
Oracle Promoted A STINGY Offer Oracle Corp. recently learned that PeopleSoft will reject Oracle #39;s \$24.00 a share- its best and final offer. The cash tender offer to purchase all of the outstanding shares of PeopleSoft, Inc.	2
Cursed either way R everse the Curse ice cream has been the best-selling new flavor in the history of Brighams, a Boston-area ice-cream chain. Now, the ice cream, introduced last spring, is in danger of becoming obsolete.	1
Is Applied Materials Losing Momentum? Despite a strong third-quarter performance from Applied Materials (Nasdaq: AMAT), a weaker fourth-quarter outlook has the chip equipment maker #39;s shares treading water today. 	2
Fremont Settles Mutual Fund Timing Case Fremont Investment Advisors of San Francisco has agreed to pay \$2.1 million in restitution and \$2 million in civil penalties to end a mutual fund timing case, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer announced Thursday.	2
Atlanta rallies to top Dodgers Johnny Estrada homered, drove in three runs, and started Atlanta's go-ahead rally in the ninth, and the Braves beat Eric Gagne and the Dodgers, 6-5, last night in Los Angeles.	1
Microsoft begins testing Windows Marketplace The online shopping and download center for Windows-related stuff gets a public workout.	3
Neri: RP far from declaring default on debts Socioeconomic Planning Secretary Romulo Neri on Tuesday said the Philippines is far from declaring default on its debts.  quot;We are not yet in that situation (bankruptcy), quot; Neri told dzMM when asked if the Philippines 	2
Determined Davenport continues winning streak NEW YORK, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Top seed Lindsay Davenport recovered from a set down to battle past American compatriot Lilia Osterloh 4-6 6-4 6-1 in the second round of the Cincinnati Open on Thursday. 	1
Making the most of season #39;s big gift: iPod By all accounts, millions of people will buy or receive Apple Computer #39;s iPod digital-music players this holiday season. The gadgets are beautifully designed and simple to operate, which is one reason they 	3
Nortel, Symantec partner on network security Nortel Networks yesterday announced several products as well as a partnership with Symantec in moves designed to expand the company's offerings in the network security space.	3
DNA Pioneer: Genetic Profiling Not Foolproof a DNA pioneer and geneticist at Leicester University in England -- says the genetic profiles used in criminal investigations are not sophisticated enough to prevent false identifications.	3
Intermec suspends radio-tag patent claims Intermec, the Everett company that makes radio-frequency sensor devices, said yesterday it agreed to temporarily suspend its claims for intellectual-property licenses as part of a new standard.	3
AL Wrap: Angels Keep West Title Hopes Alive Darin Erstad stroked a three-run homer to help the Anaheim Angels stay alive in the American League West Division title race with a 5-3 triumph over the Oakland Athletics Saturday.	1
US trade deficit declines as exports increase WASHINGTON The US trade deficit narrowed 9 percent in July from the record of the previous month as exports rose and a decrease in oil shipments led to the first decline in imports in 11 months, the Commerce Department said Friday.	2
New commissioners grilled by MEPs Hungarys Laszlo Kovacs, Italys Franco Frattini and Latvias Andris Piebalgs were interviewed on Monday and yesterday. Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso had to change his proposed team after it became 	0
Michaels swats one out after swatting one out One night after his most embarrassing moment in the major leagues, Michaels went 4-for-5 with a homer and four RBI to lead the Philadelphia Phillies past the New York Mets 9-5 Friday.	1
Martha #39;s  quot;Cupcake quot; Assignment Looks like Martha Stewart #39;s time in the slammer will be something of a cakewalk. The homemaking maven, also known as inmate 55170-054, has been assigned to her third choice of prison, in Alderson 	2
Ukraine PM to meet challenger in poll run-off Ukraine #39;s prime minister and a liberal challenger have taken the top spots in a presidential election and will take their debate over the country #39;s future through to a run-off next month, exit polls say.	0
Once-Proud Niners, Dolphins Flounder (AP) AP - Bill Walsh and Don Shula might want to avert their eyes from this one. Twenty seasons after the San Francisco 49ers and the Miami Dolphins faced each other in two of their 10 combined trips to the Super Bowl, they've become the NFL's two most miserable franchises.	1
UAL, creditors agree to 30-day extension CHICAGO - UAL Corp. #39;s United Airlines Friday said it has agreed with its creditors committee to a 30-day extension on the period in which it can file an exclusive bankruptcy reorganization plan. 	2
Insurers: Charley Claims at About \$7 Bln  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Insurers are braced to pay out about  \$7 billion in claims for devastation caused by Hurricane  Charley, making the storm the second most costly after  Hurricane Andrew, industry and government officials said on  Monday.	2
Microsoft seeks pre-dividend shift in stock plan SEATTLE - For Microsoft Corp. shareholders, the holidays will likely come early this year in the form of a one-time \$3 dividend thats part of the companys plan to return some of its \$64.	2
Cave Explorers Discover Pit in Croatia (AP) AP - Cave explorers discovered a pit inside a mountain range in central Croatia believed to have the world's deepest subterranean vertical drop, at nearly 1,700 feet, a scientific institute reported Monday.	3
Death of the broadsheet? The Times took many by surprise with its announcement that it was abandoning its broadsheet format after 216 years. Few thought it would risk alienating so many of its loyal readers, such 	3
Cuba strikes back at American mission Cuba retaliated for the US diplomatic mission #39;s Christmas display supporting Cuban dissidents by putting up a billboard Friday emblazoned with photographs of American soldiers abusing Iraqi prisoners and a huge swastika overlaid with a 	0
Arafat in Serious Condition, Foreign Medics Arrive  RAMALLAH, West Bank (Reuters) - Foreign doctors rushed to  Yasser Arafat's side on Thursday to tend to the seriously ill  Palestinian leader, who for decades has symbolized his people's  struggle for statehood.	0
Edwards Rips Into Perceived Moral Victor (AP) AP - Earlier this week, Jets coach Herman Edwards said his team could take something positive from playing a close game with New England despite losing. But Edwards took a different tack Wednesday, railing against the perception the Jets took a moral victory from the 13-7 loss.	1
Legendary double for El Guerrouj ATHENS -- In a historic 5,000-meter race, Hicham El Guerrouj of Morocco, who won gold at 1,500 meters last week, outkicked Ken enisa Bekele of Ethiopia in the final straightaway to record the first such double victory since the great Paavo Nurmi of Finland, El Guerrouj's hero, accomplished the feat 80 years ago at the 1924 Paris Olympics.	1
Film Stuntmen Aim for Space Snatch-and-Grab A space capsule holding atoms collected from solar wind was en route to a tricky rendezvous with Earth today, offering scientists the first material Nasa has brought back from space in nearly three decades.	3
Auxerre puts Rangers out of UEFA Cup Scottish giants Rangers bowed out of the UEFA Cup in humiliating fashion on Wednesday as they went down 2-0 at home to French side Auxerre with Bonaventure Kalou grabbing a double to ensure the visitors progressed to the last 32.	1
Boston: Dazed, Amazed In just a week, fans in Boston have experienced emotions ranging from despair to elation as the Red Sox come back to win four straight games and advance to the World Series.	1
IBM Expands Resources For ISVs As part of its ongoing effort to foster third-party application development for its hardware and software businesses, IBM on Monday unveiled resources in its Virtual Innovation Center aimed 	3
Option to bump up CD rate helps those afraid to lock in The low interest rates of the past few years have been particularly frustrating for retirees and others who favor conservative certificates of deposit for income.	2
Start spreading the boos: Yankees absorb worst loss NEW YORK -- With an epic defeat, the New York Yankees' hold on first place in the American League East became increasingly tenuous.	1
Apple opens iTunes Music Store in Canada (MacCentral) MacCentral - After announcing on Wednesday that the Canadian iTunes Music Store had been postponed, Apple Computer Inc. has quietly launched the store. Apple CEO announced the Canadian store would open in November at the iPod event in October that also launched the EU iTunes Music Store, which added Austria, Belgium, Finland, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Portugal and Spain to the countries that already had the music store in Europe (United Kingdom, France and Germany).	3
France honours director Spielberg France makes Steven Spielberg a Legion of Honour, in recognition of his film-making talent.	0
Belgian PM hurt in crash as flights row divides country The Belgian Prime Minister, Guy Verhofstadt, was recovering yesterday after a road accident in which his car hit a concrete pillar and rolled over three times.	0
Indonesian Police  #39;Received Text Message Warning of Blast #39; Police received a cell phone text message before the Australian Embassy bombing, warning that foreign missions in Jakarta would be attacked unless the alleged head of the Jemaah Islamiyah terror group was freed, Australias foreign minister said today.	0
Report: Alcan May Sell Unit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Alcan Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AL.TO target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AL.TO&lt;/A&gt; &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AL.N&lt;/A&gt;, the  Canadian aluminum maker, is considering a sale of its rolled  products business in a transaction that might fetch \$4 billion  to \$5 billion, after in May announcing a plan to spin the  business off, the New York Post said on Wednesday.	2
Favre #39;s mother falls ill while on book promotion tour Bonita Favre was taken to the emergency room after waking up with  quot;a horrible stomach bug, quot; said Zo Je Feigenbaum, the publicist for the book entitled  quot;FAVRE.	1
Coaches share mutual respect New England Patriots coach Bill Belichick has won two of the past three Super Bowls, but he may be the only coach in the NFL who has motivated his team by employing Boston Celtics great Bill Russell and cartoon characters.	1
Gov bets video game ban can survive courts With five youngsters in the house, state Rep. Kevin Joyce (D-Chicago) already uses a blocking mechanism on his television to protect little eyes and ears from inappropriate material.	3
Nortel expects drop in 2003 net earnings TORONTO -- Nortel Networks Corp., which is in the process of resolving an accounting mess that will result in restatements of prior years #39; earnings, expects a 28 percent reduction in previously announced net earnings for 2003, compared with its previous 	2
US Fed confidence in outlook grows US Federal Reserve officials are growing more confident about the economic outlook. The economy, which grew at a 3.9 per cent annualised rate in the third quarter and is expanding 	2
Herbert  Haft Redefined The Rules of Retail In the Washington retail landscape, only a few signs of Herbert H. Haft's business empire remain. But his contribution to the way Americans shop is felt every day by just about any consumer who buys a product at a discount.	2
Antidepressant Study Seen to Back Expert A government scientist had concluded last year that most antidepressants are too dangerous for children because of a suicide risk and a new study appears to confirm his findings.	3
US rocket team halfway to winning \$10-million prize MOJAVE, CALIF. - A privately built and operated spacecraft roared out of the atmosphere on Wednesday with a historic flight that brings the team one step closer to winning a \$10-million US prize.	3
Car Bomb Explodes North of Baghdad BAGHDAD, Iraq - Police say a car bomb has exploded north of the Iraqi capital, killing two people and injuring four others, including a deputy provincial governor.	0
IBM Throws An Opteron Party IBM on Thursday unveiled its second Advanced Micro Devices Opteron-based server, which the company hopes is ready for when AMD releases its dual-core processors.	3
The Grapevine Is Whispering; It Says Mondavi he Mondavi family, who just a year ago gave up control of the corporation that bears its name, could be a long-shot bidder for its most famous winery.	2
Rebels spread chaos to Mosul INSURGENT fighters seized key areas of the northern city of Mosul yesterday, raiding police stations, shelling US and Iraqi soldiers and threatening Iraqs third largest city with the same disorder that provoked the assault on Fallujah.	0
AP Poll: Bush Holds Lead Over Kerry (AP) AP - President Bush opens the fall campaign with a slight lead over Democratic Sen. John Kerry, an Associated Press poll shows, as voters express growing confidence in the direction of the country and the performance of the incumbent.	0
Hyundai Recalls 120,000 Elantras in U.S.  DETROIT (Reuters) - Hyundai Motor Co. Ltd. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=005380.KS target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;005380.KS&lt;/A&gt; is  recalling about 120,000 Elantra sedans sold in the United  States because of a possible problem with deployment of their  airbags.	2
Stocks Climb Higher As Oil Prices Slip Investors cheered by falling oil prices and an improving job picture sent stocks higher Tuesday, hoping that the news signals a renewal of economic strength and a fall rally in stocks.	2
U.S. Treasuries Touch Softer Before Data  LONDON (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury prices were a touch softer  on Thursday, with the market slightly defensive before the  day's batch of economic numbers.	2
Fringe Parties Gain in German Elections BERLIN Sept. 19, 2004 - Voters in two east German states angry over high unemployment handed a rebuke Sunday to Germany #39;s two biggest parties, giving big gains to far right and former Communist groups, television projections showed.	0
Oracle takes 60 percent of PeopleSoft shares but game is not over WASHINGTON : After a bitter 18-month battle Oracle Corp has succeeded in taking control of more than 60 percent of outstanding shares of rival business software group PeopleSoft, but obstacles to the hostile takeover remain.	2
BoSox Game 4 Lineup Card Draws Record Bid (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox lineup card from Game 4 of the 2004 World Series brought a site-record bid of  #36;165,000 on MLB.com.	1
Novell creates new management posts Memo outlines converting four divisions into two, as company refocuses.	3
PeopleSoft dumps CEO who led fight against Oracle takeover (AFP) AFP - Business software maker PeopleSoft said it was dumping president and chief executive Craig Conway, who has led the fight against a hostile takeover effort from rival Oracle.	3
